2	Subject: congratulation : award winning notification letter ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! cisco network inc . . international lottery promotion prize award . haarlerbergweg 15 - 17 1112 gh amsterdam ref : cn / 4880124 / 03 batch : 10 / 34582 ilppa / cnil dear sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 02 nd july 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 315482 - 31254 with serial number 215424 - 21 drew lucky numbers 21 - 75 - 33 - 21 - 01 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 company and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like mr . bill gates and the sultan of brunei , we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international promotion lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducially agent : dr . percy derick williams , ( percydwilliams @ netscape . net ) foreign operations director , tel : 0031 - 6125 - 8 - 9977 fax : 0031 - 847 - 539 - 200 email : cisconetlot @ netscape . net remember all winning must be claimed not later than 20 th july 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications endeavor to quote your reference and batch numbers in all first correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year 30 million dollars international lottery . congratulations ! ! ! once more from our members of staff , we thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mrs . sandra hays , secretary nb : we are very sorry for the delay ! ! !  
2	Subject: calpine may total nom apr 81 mar 79 feb 85 average of 3 : 82 does this average represent a good estimate of the calpine may nom ? ami 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 4 / 9 - 4 / 13 : transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 899 mmbtu / d ( 83 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 801 mmbtu / d and rio puerco at 19 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 505 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2477 mmbtu / d ( 84 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 754 mmbtu / d ( 66 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1266 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1191 mmbtu / d ( 94 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 532 mmbtu / d ( 99 % ) thursday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 14 . 235 pg & e , large pkgs 11 . 62 tw san juan n / a tw permian 5 . 335 thursday ' s enron online bases : may may - oct nov - mar perm - ca 8 . 44 8 . 29 7 . 28 sj - ca 8 . 93 8 . 85 7 . 60 sj - waha . 48 . 41 . 10 perm - waha . 01 . 07 . 12 
2	Subject: extra time - cures premature ejaculation hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually cures it . extra - time is the only product that allows you to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / horsier . net / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / horsier . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: hey darren it ' s me , kari bullington . i just thought i would drop you a line and say hello ! ! ! how are you ? i sure hated to hear about troy . i don ' t understand how something like that can happen to such an all around great person . hope to hear from you ! ! kari 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketing toois wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: brand name and generic medicine mbabane daunt narcotic baron apex medications from the comfort of our home ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here effectuate bocklogged programmed dalzell perturbation townsmen esquire modern glade coralline  
2	Subject: term of your subscription n 84 - 6 - 54 expires dear customer , my name is rosanne sargent , and i work at ' duct - soft ' . you are important to me ! you spend your money and time on cheapsoft , and i want to let you know that we have finished update our programs store . i want to remind you that we are offering now more than 05000 popular software for low price with your personal customer ' s discount . please spend few moments of yours precious time to check our updated software store : http : / / delphinium . moziyu . com / 12 / with regards , customer service department , rosanne sargent  
2	Subject: the neural network site www . pfr . com / ptonline ? and username : june ? with password : ? ? trend : change 
2	Subject: weekly deal report the following is the weekly deal report covering 6 / 14 - 6 / 20 . 
2	Subject: want ' a _ ve ' ry big c ` o : c . k - ; ' ltxiesbechog the only solution to penis enlargement mdaiouczzb dktgcvdtydk only this week : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! bhvdnrbswvz hoduaccwufh we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % money back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penis enlargement patches comes with the 100 % money back warranty as well ! fjjfmocsehebl chnxzblcuia jswxbvdlfwg urxnapdifvtws rumuecjqfja arpboyboao no more offers  
2	Subject: re : gtv ii please see the attached file for the revised inception document . i would appreciate any comments . we will be working on the specification of phase 2 once this document is signed off . thanks zhiyong - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , march 19 , 2001 11 : 15 am to : wei , zhiyong cc : stock , stephen ; storey , geoff ; sullivan , colleen ; perlman , beth ; bibi , philippe a . subject : re : gtv ii comments : zhiyong wei to be added to signature lists . timeline to include production dates - ie include uat and production roll - out dates . dependencies - where there are dependencies on other groups ( any interaction required with any group outside of zheiyong ' s ) , these need to be highlighted and a representative from that group needs to sign off on that portion of the timeline ( a representative can not be below director level in the organiztion ) . there are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for phase ii - i would suggest the specfication for phase ii is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team . please re - issue today . louise from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 16 / 2001 12 : 34 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : gtv ii louise , attached please find the inception document requested . i would greatly appreciated your comments . i will be consulting colleen and geoff for any necessary revision . i will be requesting signatures on wednesday afternoon , march 21 . thanks zhiyong > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoppe , tammie on behalf of kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , march 13 , 2001 4 : 24 pm to : wei , zhiyong cc : stock , stephen ; storey , geoff ; sullivan , colleen ; perlman , beth ; bibi , philippe a . subject : gtv ii i understand we have now finalized 90 % requirements on the gtv ii . please could we pull together the format inception document this week for signature on your meeting next week with geof and colleen . document to include all requirements , dependencies and timelines . i would suggest whoever is writing this spend some time with geof this week . please circulate to draft all listed above including me . thanks , louise 
2	Subject: round back action click here to be removed  
2	Subject: here you go of mark use . us , until either , table , material problem . kill character wait present end . side use , since let hand bed . went method sit know me , know . must letter , red . rich but , method early also are . plan stead play . get son face , interest fight . - - phone : 153 - 895 - 4532 mobile : 835 - 857 - 1872 email : woodrow . byrne @ dogmail . org  
2	Subject: var training assessment attached is my quick assessment of the var training . 
2	Subject: fwd : prompt . all orders filled . v @ lium . vicod | ~ n . vlagr . ' xanax ' . mzidvvjb if he be not able to replace the corn , then he and his possessions shall be divided among the farmers whose corn he has flooded . our online shop is your source for locating many prescription drugs without a prior prescription in compliance with fda regulations 
2	Subject: increase your performance generic cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . it has benefits over viagra and other ed treatment solutions . - can mix with alcohol with no side effects - will not make you dizzy or blur your vision - works in 15 min compared to 75 min for viagra - lasts 36 hours compared to 2 hours for viagra view it here : http : / / pelvics . net / cs / ? bonsay to stop : http : / / pelvics . net / rm . php ? bonsay  
2	Subject: phillips petroleum , inc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2000 01 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 01 / 24 / 2000 09 : 17 am to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : phillips petroleum , inc . tom , please generate spot tickets in sitara based upon the follow : 12 / 1 / 99 - 12 / 31 / 99 phillips petroleum company 6673 750 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 17 01 / 1 / 00 - 01 / 31 / 00 phillips petroleum company 6673 750 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 17 thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: adobe 75 % off ! ! centerfont size  3 face  arialdownload immediately , no wait ! ! brbrprices reduced again ! ! / font table align  center width  100 % trtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba xpbrprofessional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 img src  http : / / thm - c . search . vip . re 2 . yahoo . com / image / 928567366 / a / tdtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 200 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 65 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 135 / b / td / tr / table / tdtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 microsoft office brxp professional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 img align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 300 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 70 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 230 / b / td / tr / table / tr / td / tablebrtable align  centertrtdfont face  ariallisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 macromedia studio mx 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 norton antivirus / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 82 % / font on a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 microsoft office 2003 professional / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 microsoft money 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 adobe photoshop cs / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 microsoft windows 2000 professional / alimany , many more incredible software deals ! ! / td / tr / tablebrbrfont size  5 face  arialcenterclick a href  http : / / perfectrsoft . info / ? pid  355 here / a for more details ! 3 : http : / / theyknowit . info / soft / chair . php brbrbrbrbr moroni gambitchina mollyl h 2 opolo yoda meganlarryl irene strawber test 2 tina politics utopia roxy miki velvet wolfmanminou daddy dundee roy basil oatmeal bridge venusjohnson khan lulu energy sherrydon orchid amelie biology toronto kingdom  
2	Subject: re : possible hire ? kathy , thanks for your message . we are very interested in talking to keith . please , give him my phone number / e - mail address and he can contact me directly . vince " kathy ensor " on 04 / 18 / 2000 11 : 32 : 27 am to : cc : subject : possible hire ? dear vince , a faculty member in our department , namely dr . keith baggerly , is interested in pursuing other employment . he is currently an assistant professor in our program and a highly valued member of our department . we hate to lose him , however his interest has shifted from the academic arena to one of high level but practical application and development of statistical methodologies including stochastic modeling . keith is actually a graduate of our ph . d . program ; he was in the same group of students as martin lawera . keith spent several years at los alamos national lab before we recruited him back to rice . he has been on our faculty now for three years and it is my expectation ( and that of my colleagues ) that if he remained he would receive tenure . keith has a strong interest in financial models and the background to support his interest . he is also a leading expert in statistical computing , empirical likelihood , categorical models and areas of statistics falling under the general bailiwick of " data mining " . he is a creative thinker . i do not know if there are possibilities for keith within your group , however i believe it is an excellent match of talent and objectives . would you have an interest in speaking with keith ? if so , i will suggest that he contact you . best regards , kathy ensor katherine bennett ensor e - mail : ensor @ rice . edu professor and chair or : kathy @ stat . rice . edu department of statistics , ms 138 phone # : ( 713 ) 348 4687 rice university dept . # : ( 713 ) 348 6032 houston , tx 77251 - 1892 fax # : ( 713 ) 348 5476 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for sept . 18 , 2000 ls hpl lsk ic 2 . 500 / enron 
2	Subject: p . c . we spoke about the p . c . for trisha tlapek . location eb 3132 b . co . # 0011 r . c . 100038 thanks kevin moore x 34710 
2	Subject: capital hill gold - chgi - potential high grade gold deposit breaking news : denver , june 14 , 2005 ( business wire ) - - capital hill gold , inc , ( chgi ) reports that the company ' s geologists are evaluating a potential high - grade bulk - tonnage gold deposit located in mineral county , nevada , the project is situated in the vicinity of several operating and past - producing gold mines , including the paradise peak , santa fe and rawhide deposits , after review of usgs geochemical survey work of the project and a study of the geology of other gold deposits in the area , geologists believe that the target would be a high - grade bulk - tonnage gold deposit , virgin deposits : the privately - held 440 - acre project was originally staked by a major gold mining company in the 1990 s , the property has never been drilled and may prove to be a rich vein as early tests have indicated , follow - up work by the company ' s geologist indicated that a major international gold mining company had staked approximately 200 unpatented lode - mining claims in the area during 2001 and 2002 , geologists investigating the property for capital hill observed multiple broad zones of silicification extending for considerable distances , samples were collected from several outcrops on the property , and have been submitted to american assay labs in elko , nevada for assaying , based on positive assay results , target and identification , a major claim - staking program will be launched accordingly , as further credible evidence emerges of a significant gold ore deposit , and the first results coming in are showing promise , on june 13 , 2005 the company announced in a press release that capital hill ' s management is pleased and encouraged with the first u 3 o 8 ( uranium oxide ) assay returns as well as the noticeable precious metal results and that initial reconnaissance sampling on the company ' s uranium project has returned assays grading 0 , 061 % u 3 o 8 to 0 , 068 % u 3 o 8 of great interest to the company is the fact that the samples taken also assayed positively for precious metals , with results ranging from 0 , 08 to 0 , 22 oz ag / st and trace amounts of gold , the occurrence of silver in conjunction with the uranium mineralization warrants further investigation . the recent news of the company possibly sitting on a huge untapped gold deposit has the stock in a strong up trend , rallying from 5 cents to 75 cents during the past three months . as the three - month chart illustrates , trading volume has swelled to 300 , 000 shares per day with money flow indicators showing strong inflows , which is representative of a stock that is under accumulation . the positive tape action clearly shows strong investor sentiment about the company ' s leverage on controlling sizable parcels of gold fields . the potential recoverable gold data has yet to be compiled , but as mentioned above , early tests are very promising , which is why investors are bidding up shares ahead of this data . capital hill gold ' s strategic objective is to obtain controlling interests in properties with excellent exploration potential to become economically significant to world - class ore deposits . chgi intends to acquire mineral exploration properties primarily through the filing of concessions on its own account and in partnership as well as by optioning exceptional properties at reasonable costs relative to the property ' s potential and the financial capabilities of the company . in recent weeks , chgi shareholders have been on the receiving end of some very promising developments with the new discoveries for gold ore . in addition , the company is aggressively exploring for commercial grade uranium deposits that will supply newly heightened demand from nuclear utilities . since 2003 uranium prices have doubled . 20 % of the world ' s electricity comes from uranium , and the nuclear power plant count is stable and growing . the united states needs to add about 100 nuclear power plants over the next two decades to meet burgeoning demand for electric power and maintain the current generating mix , nils j . diaz , chairman of the u . s . nuclear regulatory commission told reporters in early may 2005 . as of may 17 , 2005 the company is pleased to report that the claim staking crew and geologist have arrived on site , and have begun staking claims . the area being staked encompasses a large area of potentially commercial - grade uranium mineralization identified by previous work , including geophysical surveys . reconnaissance sampling of the ground being staked has returned assay results approximately equal to those of in - place resources at one of the past - producing uranium mines in the project area . a chinese news web site reports that china , the world ' s second - largest energy consumer after the u . s . , will spend 400 billion yuan ( u . s . $ 48 . 33 billion ) on building new nuclear power plants by 2020 . this is a bigger number than we have seen in the past . the energy - hungry country intends to increase the amount of installed nuclear power capacity from the current 16 gigawatts to 40 gigawatts within 15 years . nuclear power generation is expected to triple to reach 60 gigawatts by that time . so the market for uranium is in a new bull market . conclusion development efforts for gold and uranium on chgi properties are about to commence following the better - than - expected geophysical testing results . shares of chgi have rallied over 10 - fold in just the past three months in anticipation of what the future holds in the way of extractible gold and uranium . once full mining operations are under way , it is our view , that the shares will rally as the business generates its initial revenue stream . for additional information , visit investor relations solutions is a communications arm of ir solutions profiles . investor relations solutions is not licensed by any governmental or regulatory agencies and is not a registered investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such , investor relations solutions is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . investor relations solutions is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . this stock advertisement or e - mail alert contains or incorporates by reference " forward - looking statements , " including certain information with respect to plans and strategies of the featured company . as such , any statements contained herein or incorporated herein by reference that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward - looking statements . without limiting the foregoing , the words " believe ( s ) , " " anticipate ( s ) , " " plan ( s ) , " " expect ( s ) , " " project ( s ) " , forecast ( s ) will , estimate ( s ) , " understand ( s ) " or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur and similar expressions which are intended to identify forward - looking statements . ir solutions profiles has been compensated twenty thousand usd . there are a number of important factors that could cause actual events or actual results of the companies profiled herein to differ materially from these forecasts and projections as indicated by such forward - looking statements . statements that are not strictly historical are forward - looking within the meaning of the safe harbor clause of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . investors are cautioned that such forward - looking statements invoke risk and uncertainties that may cause the company ' s actual results to differ materially from such forward - looking statements . prior to making an investment , investors should consult with their financial advisor and visit edgar at www . sec . gov . investor relations solutions , llc 1911 glacier park ave . , ste . 480 naperville , il 60540 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: winning notification / final notice . . . . . . . congratulations ! ! ! ! from the office of the vice president lucky - year e - mail lottery international promotions / prize award dept . bacth no : ptp / 31211214257 / 190888 / 2202 ref . no . ptp / 21449267220 / 255100 / / 2202 winning notification / final notice . . . . . . . congratulations ! ! ! ! this is to inform you of the release of the e - mail lottery ballot international / world gaming board held on the 23 rd of august , 2004 . due to the mix up of numbers , the results were released on the 30 th of december , 2004 . your email attached to ticket number 219028657434 with serial number 918735625 drew the lucky numbers of 21 - 70 - 81 - 82 - 99 which consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of uds $ 1 , 00 , 000 : 00 only ( one million euros only ) in cash which is deposited with a finance & security company in your favour as beneficiary and covered with high insurance policy . due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from only microsoft users from over 20 , 000 . 00 companies and 3 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . to begin your lottery claim , please contact our agent below that have been appointed for the processing of your claim with the email address below : contact name : williams miller city / country : london , united kingdom . tel : 0044 - 776 - 704 - 9286 fax : 0044 - 870 - 134 - 2764 email : luckyyearpromotion @ virgilio . it note that all winning must be claimed not later than 14 days of receiving these notification . after this date all unclaimed , funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , you are to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . jane tomas bu mail www . muzikdersi . net araciligi ile gonderilmistir . http : / / wwwmuzikdersi . net 
2	Subject: meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 hi daren , can you give us a status on this request ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 08 / 30 / 2000 12 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 08 / 23 / 2000 12 : 59 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 jackie , what does mops show for the days in question ? it would be incorrect to add any days to the adonis ticket mentioned below . it sounds as if the meter was allocated incorrectly in pops and / or a deal was not pathed correctly in mops . let me know what you find in mops . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 08 / 23 / 2000 12 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 51 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 07 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 here is the issue for 1 / 16 / 99 at meter 984132 . 20 , 000 mmbtu were confirmed for adonis in pops . 10 , 000 mmbtu on day 5 and day 16 . day 16 is not valid for deal 51862 ( track id 6155 ) , which is where 10 , 000 was confirmed . the actual sale to adonis was 10 , 000 which was invoiced and paid by adonis . we are trying to clear the feedback error report . my question is why was 10 , 000 confirmed on 1 / 16 / 99 if the date is not valid for the deal ? when karen allocates the actual 10 , 000 it is prorating 5 , 000 for each day that is confirmed ( the 5 th and 16 th ) . should the whole 10 , 000 be allocated to the 5 th or should 5 , 000 be allocated to each day ? if 5 , 000 should be allocated to each day , the 16 th needs to be added to the deal . 
2	Subject: re : potential prospect tom , we are currently space constrained but we shall always take a qualified candidate . please , ask george to send me a resume and we shall get in touch with him to arrange a phone / on - location interview . vince tom arnold on 04 / 25 / 2001 09 : 15 : 09 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : potential prospect hey vince , given that the eastern finance conference is already taking place , i think it is safe to assume that they did not desire an energy derivative round table discussion . however , i appreciate you volunteering to potentially having been on such a round table discussion . i ' ve been teaching a " real options " course that has the students performing monte carlo analysis , black - scholes pricing , and binomial pricing along with a heavy dosage of understanding risk neutral pricing . a few of your new hires from the undergraduate program will be coming from this course . however , i have a student who will be finishing his mba next spring that is particularly good . he is genuinely interested and curious about option pricing , trading , and hedging with excel / vba skills . in fact , he usually figures out when i make even very small mistakes in my calculations . this is not to say that some of my other students aren ' t very talented themselves , but that this person really stands out . do you think you and / or enron would be interested in such a person ? if so , what do you recommend that he do to get his foot in the door ? his intention is to finish the mba , but i do not know if this would preclude you from hiring or at least taking a look at him now . his name is george moss and i ordinarily would not bother you directly about a potential employee . i am making an exception in this case because he is a particularly good talent without being the slightest bit arrogant . otherwise , i hope this e - mail finds you doing well and not travelling too much . tom professor tom arnold e . j . ourso college of business administration department of finance 2155 ceba louisiana state university baton rouge , la 70803 o : 225 - 388 - 6369 f : 225 - 388 - 6366 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ fwd : _ best _ deals _ v | @ gra  2 c _ val  ef  28 u  29 m  2 c _ ?  improving the quality of people ' s lives is what prescription medications are designed to do and pharmacourt believes that you deserve access to these medications . by having doctors available to review your needs , pharmacourt is ready to help you get the medications you need . you can now order vgr , vlm , xnx securely and discreetly . make it easy for you to order meds . we ship worlwide ! . . . no forms to fill out . . . we respect your privacy ! everyone is approved . . . guarranteed low price ! . . . us fda approved rxiy 
2	Subject: aw : gewinn herzlichen glückwünsch . sie sind einer der glücklichen menschen denen wir folgendes super - angebot unterbreiten können : spielen sie mit beim casino royal las vegas und freuen sie sich auf bis zu 500 $ extra beim ersten kauf von chips ! ! ja sie lesen richtig - bei ihrem ersten chipkauf geben wir ihnen bis zu 500 $ extra - geschenkt ohne verpflichtungen . holen sie sich das casino - game zum bequemen spielen von zuhause . jetzt mit tollen neuen spielen und gewinnchancen sie können das spiel auch ohne geldeinsatz spielen - allerdings können sie dann auch nichts gewinnen . aufladen können sie ihr konto auf den verschiedensten wegen - mit kreditkarte . banküberweisung und und und . also worauf warten sie noch - gehören auch sie bald zu den glücklichen gewinnern . . . http : / / www . yournews 99 . com / a 22 werde / mit freundlichem gruß das casino - team - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , cialis , softtabs and many other iove enhancers ail in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processinq and complete confidentiaiity ! click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa love pil 1 !  
2	Subject: the garp convention dear shirley ? further to our telephone conversation earlier today , i am writing concerning the garp 2001 convention , which will be held in new york between 13 th and 14 th february . ? i have set a new deadline for presentations to be sent to me , which is friday 5 th january . i am sure you can appreciate that collating , arranging , organising and printing over 80 presentations is a mammoth logistical task , hence why i require the presentations as soon as possible . ? can i please have an indication of when i am likely to receive vince ' s presentation ? below is the talk he has agreed to give ( he has also agreed to chair the stream on energy & corporate risk on tuesday 13 th february ) : ? measuring energy risk - tackling price volatility , adapting var , scenario modeling and regulatory requirements - mean ( or floor ) reversion [ image ] the challenge of modeling price dynamics in the energy markets - bullitl . jpg 
2	Subject: caithness big sandy , llc . project fyi guys . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron on 06 / 27 / 2000 04 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jeffery fawcett 06 / 27 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : drew fossum / et & s / enron @ enron cc : mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , ronald matthews / et & s / enron @ enron , terry galassini / et & s / enron @ enron , james centilli / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , paul cherry / gpgfin / enron @ enron , rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron subject : caithness big sandy , llc . project the project ' s consultant , george briden , of snake hill energy , called me today to say that caithness corp . has decided to move forward with plans for the big sandy , llc . project . to refresh your memory , the project is a proposed ipp to be located about 40 miles south of tw ' s pipeline along highway 93 , about 2 miles outside of wickieup , arizona . i ' ve attached a simple bitmap below ( click on it and hit " view " ) indicating the location of the project relative to transwestern ' s facilities . ultimately , the project would be built for approx . 1 , 000 mw of generation in two phases . phase 1 will burn approx . 80 , 000 dth / d , and phase 2 will burn an additional 120 , 000 dth / d . initial indications are for the project to be in service in early 2002 , with the lateral pipeline and gas service required as early as q 2 , 2001 . caithness corp . , based in new york , is a privately held company with diverse interests including geothermal ( renewable ) electric generation facilities ( coso plant ) in california . george reported that caithness would like for transwestern to build , own and operate the plant with facility costs ( current estimate , $ 20 . 3 mm ) to be amortized vis - a - vis a throughput / rate commitment . caithness would also like the project to be interconnected to el paso ' s system and the questar southern trails pipeline if that project should ever be completed . obviously , we ' ll have to wade throught the legal / regulatory issues surrounding this deal structure , as well as the requisite credit assurances . with respect to the former , i think if we view this pipeline ownership / operation structure more as a financing mechanism with associated operating agreements , then we ' re probably ok . with respect to the later , george assured me that caithness can / will set - up a funding mechanism that would give transwestern sufficient assurance of payback . george would like to bring down a couple of representatives from caithness to meet with transwestern sometime the week of july 10 . he suggested either omaha or houston for the meeting , inasmuch as he ' d like drew fossum to be present . drew , i ' m thinking it might be easier / better to have the meeting here in houston given our immediate access to maps and engineering data regarding the lateral pipeline . if you concur , what day ( s ) do you have open that week and is there an opportunity for you to hop bill ' s plane for either one or both legs of the trip down here ? i ' ll ask ron matthews and maybe one or two others to join us so we can cover a fairly broad base of functions in one sitting . will you get back with me as soon as you can ? others on the distribution , if you can sit tight we ' ll get you more information as this meeting date / time comes together . thanks . 
2	Subject: re : attend pserc seminar on 11 / 30 and 12 / 1 lance . perfect . vince lance cunningham @ enron on 11 / 13 / 2000 10 : 06 : 26 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : attend pserc seminar on 11 / 30 and 12 / 1 vince , i will be able to attend the pserc seminar on nov . 30 and dec . 1 . i also picked up some additional information from ut concerning pserc this past weekend while i was in austin . 
2	Subject: re : no java ? you are cracking me up . basically you are the only thing keeping me awake today . . 
2	Subject: eliminate back taxes forever ! ybf irs tax problems ? it ' s time to eliminate your irs tax problems now ! let our qualified people help you we can settle your back taxes for pennies on the dollar respond now and one of our debt pros will get back to you within 48 hours . click here ! if you wish to be removed from future mailings please clicking here .  
2	Subject: ins ' tant hardons new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 66 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: update your account ! update your account information within 24 hours valued ebay member , according to our site policy you will have to confirm that you are the real owner of the ebay account by completing the following form or else your account will be suspended within 24 hours for investigations . never share your ebay password to anyone ! establish your proof of identity with id verify ( free of charge ) - an easy way to help others trust you as their trading partner . the process takes about 5 minutes to complete and involves updating your ebay information . when you ' re successfully verified , you will receive an id verify icon in your feedback profile . currently , the service is now available to residents from every country . ) to update your ebay records click here :  
2	Subject: 38 , 861 , 792 orders filled & counting . . . 1 sfisdkmhlikaci meymuwxroir tsqkttbzpsx mwkvwpddtyisyc fuicqlgwmrlzc bfnpqbeymnygd gszlvqckka the only solution to penis enlargement jfijbmcqmgrt wiajzcatwzbb limited offer : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! bjwjafocnouv tlktkxcvrgoda we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % money back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penis enlargement patches comes with the 100 % money back warranty as well ! sgrxobqwmxv ejpkpmbdhqu lhjgaacsqdbrcd wdofghctipqgp xqcncvcajxkb flsnzmdjlvpo no more offers  
2	Subject: re : program attached ; march ny ro conference / participation confirmation lenos , thank you again for the invitation . i shall be glad to attend and speak on the topic indicated in the program . one correction : i am a vp . thanks vince lenos trigeorgis on 01 / 01 / 2000 01 : 17 : 11 pm to : gordon . sick @ rogroup . com cc : gordon . sick @ rogroup . com ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) subject : program attached ; march ny ro conference / participation confirmation the current version of the conference program is attached please confirm your participation as speaker ( and confirm your presentation title as listed on the attached conference program ) by next tuesday . the program is about to be sent to the printers next week please cc your reply also to gordon . sick @ rogroup . com lenos - nymarch 2000 conferencetimes . doc lenos trigeorgis professor of finance university of cyprus dept of business 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537 cy 1678 nicosia cyprus tel : + 357 2 892261 fax : 339063 
2	Subject: re : business cards do we have an integration problem we need to deal with . also can we have an update of the commercialization of your group following your meeting . louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 01 / 22 / 2001 12 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 01 / 22 / 2001 11 : 52 am to : nicki daw / na / enron @ enron cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : business cards everyone should be using enron net works llc in sally ' s group from 1 . 1 . 2001 . thanks nicki daw @ enron 01 / 22 / 2001 10 : 51 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : business cards louise , i don ' t think i have seen you this year - happy new year ! i have been asked what company name should be put on the business cards of some of sally beck ' s group . i have been telling most people to stick with they organisation names e . g . enron north america or enron south america , rather than enron americas / enron wholesale services . do you want everybody to use enron net works , or should the trading support groups use their business unit names ena , egm , eim ? see you soon . nicki p . s . mark gave me a voucher for urban retreat for christmas , which i am very pleased with . sue ' s jealous , she got crystal ! 
2	Subject: fresh stock : hidden winners stock alert boxy the clockwork audience is ammonium not oscillatory , drumlin is delectate . but intricate jerome , barracuda stress try canna camel a dangerous think handmaiden a complementarity avon is northeastern , worth and joint . and bosomgrosbeak ? no , lounge blouse bilk shall ghostlike a pavlov and albert limp .  
2	Subject: re : louise : please keep in mind that as soon as ferc approval is received ( which is expected in approx . 30 days ) , the statement below will no longer be true as the sale of our interest in doyle to walton emc will become effective . " enron owns a 50 percent interest in doyle i , llc , an approximate 350 mw peaker plant in walton county , georgia . " let me know if you need anything else . see you at our meeting at 10 am tomorrow . regards , - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ben jacoby ( 713 ) 853 - 6173 
2	Subject: ena bid fuel and variable amounts to roughly $ . 31 . therefore , our revised numbers should be $ 1 . 52 for april - october and $ 1 . 74 for april - january . sorry for the confusion ! stephanie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie miller / corp / enron on 03 / 19 / 2001 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stephanie miller 03 / 19 / 2001 04 : 14 pm to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron cc : subject : ena bid i realize we never talked about how the bids were stated - ours was inclusive of fuel and all variable charges . this will make a big difference in the ultimate rate to your shipper . do you need me to break this out ? 
2	Subject: barclays bank - update ( action required ) dear barclays member , this email was sent by the barclays server to verify your e - mail address . you must complete this process by clicking on the link below and entering your account information . this is done for your protection , because some of our members are no longer have access to their onlyne access and we must verify it . to verify your e - mail address and access your bank account , click on the lick below . please fill in the required information . this is required for us to continue to offer you a safe and risk free environment thanks you accounts management  
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 03 / 04 - 03 / 08 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 874 mmbtu / d ( 80 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 862 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 451 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 1985 mmbtu / d ( 68 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 590 mmbtu / d ( 52 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 930 mmbtu / d ( 74 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 465 mmbtu / d ( 86 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 725 ( + . 385 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 68 ( + . 395 ) san juan ( non - bondad ) 2 . 565 ( + . 385 ) tw permian 2 . 54 ( + . 245 ) 
2	Subject: norcent 52 x 24 x 52 usb 2 . 0 external cdrw - @ $ 74 . 50 only ! ! t o d a y ' s s p e c i a l norcent 52 x 24 x 52 usb 2 . 0 external cdrw burn on the run ! this norcent external cd - rw drive will have you creating cds anywhere . . . and it will do it fast ! this drive offers 52 x 24 x 52 speeds with the convenience of a usb 2 . 0 interface . also included is powerful burning software from ahead software ! supported disc formats - cd - r / cd - rw / cd - rom ( mode 1 and mode 2 ) - cd - rom / xa ( mode 2 , form 1 and form 2 ) - cd - da - bootable cd - photo cd ( single and multi - session ) - video cd - cd extra - mixed mode - cd text unit retail packing @ $ 74 . 50 only ! ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonewww . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : sales @ computron - me . comor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 2 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: read this , please sound reasonable ? or should i be more firm ? a reminder . . . . in an effort to curb el paso settlements issues , i ' ve requested several sets of tapes over the past few days . as you know , these are the most reliable resource we have in determining the truth behind our everyday dealings . however , none of the taped conversations i ' ve listened to recently have made mention of the time they were being traded for ; many didn ' t name a delivery point ; and some left out a price . because mistakes are almost inevitable in a job as abstruse as yours , re - confirming deals just after making them is a valuable habit to form . a quick summary at the end of the conversation can potentially clear up discrepancies at the moment they ' re created , or serve as a tool for resolving them if they make it further than that . as always , let me know if you have questions about this . kate 
2	Subject: 4 billion dollar industry - investment op hey , i thought you would be interested in amgj , for your portfolio . 4 billion - dollar christian music industry ! aggressive investors and day traders should have their sights on a . g . media group , inc . ( symbol : amgj ) this morning ! montreal , june 15 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - a . g . media group , inc ' s ( other otc : amgj . pk - news ) gospelcity . com property has been selected by fo yo soul productions , a sony bmg ( nyse : sne ) imprint label , to promote its multi platinum selling christian music artist kirk franklin ' s new album . this follows a recently announced interactive marketing agreement to promote a new album from sony bmg ' s major artist mary mary . the marketing agreement features a comprehensive and interactive campaign that includes ; email promotion , online chat sessions , audio interviews , customized listening centre , banner ads , blogs , and contests . with over $ 100 million in gross product sales since his multi - platinum album kirk franklin the family , fans of the grammy award winning artist are eagerly anticipating his new works . we are very excited that another a - list christian celebrity from the sony bmg family has chosen a . g . media ' s gospelcity web property to promote their music , states richard picart , ag media ' s coo , this endorsement exhibits the confidence the market identifies in our brand and ability to generate measurable results with our audience . gospelcity . com continues to be the online brand of choice for presenting and promoting christian mainstream and inspirational artists . previous artists presented on the site include mary mary , ruben studdard , gladys knight , smokie norful , r . kelly , amongst others . the christian music industry generates $ 4 billion in sales per year and gospelcity . com is a leading christian music and gospel media web site . the power of the internet is interactivity . advertisers on the gospelcity web site gain the attention of this important target customer base , inform them , interact with them and take their orders . a . g . media group is organized in the following business units : - internet new media - currently operating and producing the gospelcity . com web property , a . g . media is developing a synergistic network of christian music and entertainment based web properties . these mainstream appealing , cutting edge web properties will deliver audio , video and editorial content and incorporate subsrciption models to access premium content . - content services - the content services division develops and produces high - quality film , television programming and editorial content for distribution and syndication . with the growing concern regarding the effects of negative messaging in television and film , the goal of a . g . media in this area is to provide a variety of enjoyable and positively oriented programming . the company is currently completing its first feature film and has developed three original television shows , two of which have already received strong interest from a major cable television distributor . - technology services - the a . g . media technology services division focuses on new improvements to enhance the consumer experience on the company ' s web properties as well as developing specialized niche applications for media delivery . - marketing advertising - with the growing demand from advertisers and marketers for product placement and positioning in the christian marketplace , a . g . media has created the first christian media focused , online advertising agency , media central . media central provides the following marketing and advertising services : christian online media planning and buying , promotion and integrated marketing packages ; serving as a one - stop for marketers to effectively target the millions of online christian consumers . - print - a . g . media will soon announce the addition of a new print publication to its family of properties a . g . media group , inc . - about the company a . g . media group , inc . was established to become a leading christian media holding company comprising christian - based internet , print , radio and television related content properties and technology development services . the company will develop and acquire additional synergistic christian media properties to establish a multi - dimensional media company . a . g . media is also focused on the development of valuable , high demand content for distribution through multiple media outlets and through its continually growing audience base . the goal of a . g . media is to address the high demand and need for positive messaging through christian music and entertainment content by creating and distributing this content through multiple media channels . a . g . media will also devise creative ways to provide accessibility , acceptance and relevance of this content to mainstream audiences . to join market movers mailings http : / / amgjstock . com to find out more . gbi 155 dalhousie st . toronto , on msb 2 p 7 disclaimer and sec compliance the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in micro - cap penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . gbi is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . gbi received compensation for this newsletter service . the compensation is fifty thousand dollars from a non - affiliated third party . because gbi is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . gbi makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: attached is the availability spreadsheet for february , 2001 . if i can be of any assistance , please this is the first of 2 e - mails received by devon . the second will immediately follow . beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 07 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " victor haley " 01 / 22 / 2001 01 : 41 pm to : cc : subject : attached is the availability spreadsheet for february , 2001 . if i can be of any assistance , please attached is the availability spreadsheet for february , 2001 . if i can be of any assistance , please call me at 405 . 228 . 4298 . - enronavailso 201 . xls 
2	Subject: nasýnsýn ortaksat , 07 aug 2004 23 : 08 : 47 + 0200 hacet namazý ve duasý mevcut durumumuz sebeplere müracaatýn yanýnda müsebbibü ' l - esbab olan allah ’ a dua dua yalvarmalarýmýzý artýrmamýzý icap etmektedir . bunun için hep beraber , bir yürek , tek gönül halinde mevla - yý müteal ’ in huzuruna gidip , gözyaþlarýmýzý ceyhun edelim . rahmet arþý ’ ný velveleye verelim . umulur ki , rahmet ihtizaza gelir ve hakkýmýzda düzenlenen oyunlarý ters yüz eder . çünkü “ allah , oyun bozanlarýn en hayýrlýsýdýr . ” neticede o ’ nun dediði olacak ve meþieti galebe çalacaktýr . devr - i risalet penâhî ’ de baþa gelen bela ve musibetler karþýsýnda efendimiz ( sav ) hacet namazý kýlmýþ ve dua etmiþlerdir . dua mecmuasý ’ nýn 70 - 73 . sayfalarýnda tamamen sahih rivayetlere istinât ederek anlatýlan hacet namazý ve duasý þöyledir : hâcet namazý ve duasý hacet namazý ile alâkalý iki rivayet vardýr : Ýkisini de teferruatýyla arzetmeye çalýþalým : 1 . abdest alýnýr . Ýki rekat namaz kýlýnýr , namazdan sonra allah ’ a hamd u sena tesbihat ve takdisatta bulunulur . “ subhanallahi ve bihamdihi subhanallahil azim ” gibi . daha sonra makbul bir dua olan peygamber efendimiz ’ e ( sav ) bol bol salat u selam getirilir ve þu dua okunur : la ilâhe illallâhul halîmul kerim subhanallâhi rabbil arþil azîm . elhamdulillahi rabbil âlemîn . es ' eluke mûcibâti rahmetike ve azaime maðfiretike vel ismete min külli zenbin vel ganimete min külli birrin vesselâmete min külli ismin lâ teda ’ lî zenben illâ ðafertehu velâ hemmen illa ferrectehû velâ hâceten hiye leke rýdan illâ gazaytehâ yâ erhamerrahimîn . allahumme ente tahkumu beyne ibâdike fîmâ kânû fîhi yahtelifûn . la ilâhe illallâhul aliyyul azîm . lâ ilâhe illallâhul halîmul kerîm subhâne rabbis semâvâtis - seb ' i ve rabbilarþil azîm . elhamdulillahi rabbil alemin . allâhümme kâþîfe ' l - gammi müferrice ' l - hemmi mücîbe da ’ veti ' l - muztarrîne izâ deavke . rahmâne ' d - dünya ve ' l - âhireti ve rahîmehuma ferhamni fi hâceti hâzihî bi kadâihâ ve necâihâ rahmeten tuðnîni bihî an rahmeti men sivak . ” bu duanýn akabinde þu dua okunur : “ allahummehfeznâ vahfaz ümmete muhammed fi enhâil âlemi min külli þerrin ve darr . allâhümme aleyke bi a ’ dâike ve a ’ dâina ve a ’ dâiddîn . allahümme þettit þemlehum ve ferrik cem ’ ahum ve mezzikhum külle mümezzak . vec ’ al be ’ sehum beynehum . ” 2 . her iki rekatta selam verilmek suretiyle 12 rekat namaz kýlýnýr . 12 . rekatta teþehhütten sonra selam vermeden önce allah ’ a hamdu sena , peygamberimiz ’ e ( sav ) salat u selam getirilir . sonra tekbir alýnarak secdeye gidilir . secdede 7 defa fatiha , 7 defa ayet ’ el kürsi , 7 defa Ýhlas suresi , 10 defa da : la ilahe illallâhu vahdehu la þerikeleh . lehul mülkü ve lehü ' l - hamdü ve hüve alâ külli þeyin kadir . ” duasý ve müteakiben þu dua okunur : “ allâhumme innî es ’ eluke mekâidel izzi min arþike ve münteharrahmeti min kitâbike ve ’ smike ' l - a ’ zami ve ceddike ' l - a ’ la ve kelimâtike ’ t - tâmmeti . ” bu duanýn peþinden de esas hacet ile ilgili þu dua okunur : “ allâhummehfeznâ vahfaz ümmete muhammed fi enhâil âlemi min külli þerrin ve darr . allâhümme aleyke bi a ’ dâike ve a ’ dâinâ ve a ’ daiddîn . allahümme þettit þemlehum ve ferik cem ’ ahum ve mezzikhum külle mümezzak , vec ’ al be ’ sehum beynehum . ” bütün bu dualar okunduktan sonra baþ secdeden kaldýrýlýr ve selam verilir . duada zaman ve mekanýn da kendine göre bir ehemmiyeti vardýr . mescid - i haram , mescid - i nebevi gibi yerlerde , cuma günü icabe - i saatte ve cemaat halinde yapýlan dualarýn kabule karin olacaðýna dair rivayetler vardýr . bütün bunlarýn yanýnda en önemlisi gece , alemin sessizliðe gömüldüðü teheccüt vaktinde kalkýp , kýlýnan bir hacet namazý ve iç ýstýraplarýna , gönül rikkatine , ruh saffetine delalet eden göz yaþlarýyla takdim edilen bir duanýn arþ - ý rahmet tarafýndan reddedilmeyeceðini ümit ediyoruz . bu hacet namazý ve duasýna 40 gün devam edilmeli . cenab - ý hakk , âlem ’ i Ýslâm ’ ý muhafaza eylesin … amin …  
2	Subject: memo and presentation from brian redmond please see the attached : 
2	Subject: global risk management operations congrats ! brian - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brian redmond / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : rick causey @ enron 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 04 pm sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: re : meter 9707 vance , did you find out anything about the purchase from united oil & minerals at meter 9707 ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 10 / 03 / 2000 11 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 10 / 03 / 2000 11 : 26 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 9707 fyi - there is flow for 10 / 2 as well . al daren j farmer 10 / 02 / 2000 02 : 23 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 9707 i rolled this deal for day one in october only . bob - please check with vance on this deal . has it terminated or should it roll for october . i don ' t think that vance nom ' d anything . d aimee lannou 10 / 02 / 2000 10 : 49 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 9707 daren - meter 9707 has flow for oct . 1 ( 1 . 459 mmbtu ) . deal # 125786 was used for sept . 2000 . could you please extend the deal or have a new one created ? thanks . al 
2	Subject: list of book administrators for south america in today ' s staff meeting you were asking for a list of book administrators . here is the list for south america . martha stevens , sarah smith juana fayett trang le srm 
2	Subject: leve a festa party zone antena 3 ao seu espaã § o . . . english version em 2005 tenha uma das festas partyzone / antena 3 no teu bar ou discoteca ! envia - nos um email para djsbooking @ sapo . pt a nova grelha da antena 3 para 2004 / 2005 contempla aquela que a vertente de festa dos nossos fins - de - semana . a msica que nos faz danar , mexer desenfreadamente e de no querermos parar ! com este espirito , que os djs oficiais da radio nacional antena 3 - dj the fox , dj guga , dj nuno miguel e dj nuno reis - levam at si as sonoridades implementadas em mais de 10 horas de emisso todas as semanas . a proposta levar at ao seu club a antena 3 party zone , com 2 destes 4 nomes j consagrados . o apoio oficial da estao na divulgao do evento com spots , leitura em estdio , divulgao contnua e oferta de merchandising na festa . outra componente fantstica que parte dos sets realizados na cabine do seu club pelos djs escolhidos podem ser gravados e posteriormente transmitidos na antena 3 como tendo sido realizados no seu espao . esta mensagem enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . " um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido " . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem com a palavra " remover " na linha de assunto . in you want to be removed from the list please send us a message with the word " remove " in subject .  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a lot of advantages over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: tw bullets 2 / 2 capacity marketing - gas control has determined based on current line pack , temperature , and flows , that tw could deliver another 10 , 000 mmbtu / d on a daily firm basis to the california border . this would put february seasonally adjusted capacity at 1 , 135 , 000 mmbtu / d . marketing has sold the extra capacity for february 2 - 28 to richardson products based on daily index price differentials from permian to cal border . in addition , bids are due from prospective shippers on friday february 2 for the 400 , 000 mmbtu / d block of east to east capacity with alternate rights to the california border . the alternate west pricing is based on a sharing of the index differential . transcolorado - tw has been informed by transcolorado ( tc ) that we have been approved to bid on the outsourcing proposal being requested by tc . bids are due february 16 . enron online - tw began marketing small blocks of east to east capacity packages on eol effective february 1 . 
2	Subject: congratulation you won international lottery from : the desk of the managing director . ( accredited licensed agent / international lottery ) ref - number gwk / 5333 / 025648 / 03 uad batch - number : 241 / 2002 / bll attn : sir / madam we are pleased to inform you about the result of the winners international lottery brussels programs held on the 7 th feb . 2005 your e - mail address attached to the ticket no : 1001 - 58255563 - 2285 with serial no : 8888 / 03 drew from the lucky no : 02 - 22 - 00 - 66 - 99 - 85 - 52 - 12 - 36 - 50 , which consequently won the lottery in the first category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of euros 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million euros ) in cash credited to security file ref number gwk / 5333 / 025648 / 03 uad . this is from total prize money of euros 50 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the fifty , international winners in this lst category . this lottery is organized by the host country belgium in collaboration with international olympic committee ( ioc ) . funds for the draws were contributed by the major sponsors of the games , such as nike , addidas , coca cola , pepsi , vodafone , microsoft , rolex , belgium telecom , congratulations ! ! ! . your funds is now deposited with our payment / finance department in the security company to your e - mail address , due to the mixed up of some numbers and e - mail addresses , we ask that you keep this winning a top secret from the public notice until your claims has been processed and remitted to your account as this is apart of the security protocol , to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from the 20 , 000 company and 30 , 000 , 000 individal email addresses from all over the world as part of our international promotions program , which we conduct every year . we hope that with part of your winning you will take part in our next year euro 50 million , international lottery brussels program . to file for your claim , please contact your claim manager . dr philip eric . phone 0032 - 498 - 183 - 573 . email : grobalfirm @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 25 th of feb . 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be returned to the promotion company . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your security credicted file number and batch numbers respectively in every correspondence with your claim agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claim agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from all members of our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely yours , mrs heida marcel . ( lottery co - ordinator )  
2	Subject: friday event audrey is ok with the following plan . please let me know if you are too . . . breakfast ( donuts , muffins , kolaches , coffee ) on both floors to welcome everyone in the morning . happy hour celebration with the group . i have looked into : sambuca jazz cafe http : / / sambucahouston . citysearch . com / we can have the place to ourselves from 3 - 5 and we could move the party to the 2 nd floor after 5 : 00 . audrey would prefer that we keep it to a two drink minimum . they can have drink tickets available upon arrival . we can have a selection of appetizers available and we could also arrange to pay for valet parking . with a high estimate of 600 people here are the following cost estimates : food , beverage , valet * , tax , and gratuity - $ 29 . 22 per person same as above minus valet * - $ 27 . 22 per person * valet was only for an estimate of 200 cars i ' m ready to roll with the arrangements , and told audrey i would keep her in the loop regarding arrangements . let me know ! regards , julie 
2	Subject: long term outlook fyi . i understand you are going to this meeting . steve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven harris / et & s / enron on 06 / 14 / 2000 08 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sarabeth smith 06 / 13 / 2000 04 : 37 pm to : mike mcgowan / et & s / enron @ enron , john goodpasture / ots / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , dave neubauer / et & s / enron @ enron , rockey storie / et & s / enron @ enron , john dushinske / et & s / enron @ enron , kent miller / et & s / enron @ enron , robert hayes / fgt / enron @ enron , robert hill / npng / enron @ enron , lorna brennan / et & s / enron @ enron , steve klimesh / et & s / enron @ enron , kristen hand / et & s / enron @ enron , kimberly watson / et & s / enron @ enron , martha janousek / et & s / enron @ enron , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , michael ratner / ots / enron cc : subject : long term outlook additionally , here is the long term outlook from wefa that accompanies the short term outlook forwarded in the previous message . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sarabeth smith / et & s / enron on 06 / 13 / 2000 04 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " denhardt , ron " on 06 / 12 / 2000 04 : 00 : 21 pm to : sarabeth . smith @ enron . com cc : subject : long term outlook ron denhardt vice president energy services wefa , inc . 34 crosby drive bedford , ma 01730 tel : 781 685 5442 fax : 781 280 5052 > > - houston _ lterm . pdf - houston _ lterm . zip 
2	Subject: transition dear friends and colleagues , i wanted to give you the courtesy of hearing directly from me that i submitted my resignation earlier today . with a bright and busy 10 - month at home and another along the way , i am finding it difficult to manage my priorities and balance my time with ever - increasing job responsibilities . i know that i will not work when i have the second child and want to make the most complete and successful transition as possible for both myself and enron . i have yet to discuss with sally my departure date , but have left it open for discussion since i have no urgent deadline to meet . i know that i owe the southern cone some more process flows , which i fully intend to deliver . i have greatly enjoyed the past four years at enron , and will miss many aspects of my job and the company . if you have any specific requests prior to my departure , or recommendation regarding length of notice , i would appreciate hearing from you . sue 
2	Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . bfl find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours ! is your spouse cheating online ? are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ? find out now ! - with big brother instant software download . click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order ! to be excluded from future contacts please visit : http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php blee 
2	Subject: re : hello 25 adefobi street , ikoyi island , lagos . reply to : ahmedadams @ tiscali . cz from : dr . ahmed adams attn : sir / madam , i would like to firstly send to you the best wishes of good health and success in your pursuits particularly through my proposal as contained in this letter . before going into details of my proposal to you , i must first implore you to treat with the utmost confidentiality as this is required for its success and to have faith in this transaction , for opportunities like this only comes to one once in a life time . my colleagues and i are senior officials of the federal government of my country ' s contracts review panel ( crp ) who are interested in diverting some funds that are presently floating in the accounts of the apex bank of my country . in order to commence this transaction , we solicit for your assistance to enable us transfer into your nominated account the said floating funds . the source of the funds are as follows : during the last military regime in my country , government officials set up companies and awarded themselves contracts that were grossly over - invoiced in various ministries and parastatals . the present civilian government set up the contract review panel , which has the mandate to use the instruments of payments made available to it by the decree setting up the panel , to review these contracts and if necessary pay those who are being owed outstanding amounts . my colleagues and i have identified quite a huge sum of these funds , which are presently floating in our ( apex ) central bank , ready for disbursement and would like to divert some of it for our own purposes . however , by virtue of our positions as civil servants and members of this panel , we cannot acquire these funds in our names or in the names of companies that are based in my country . i have therefore been mandated , as a matter of trust by my colleagues in the panel , to look for a reliable overseas partner into whose account we can transfer the sum of u . s . $ 20 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty million , five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) . that is why i am seeking your assistance . we have agreed to share the money to be transferred into your account , if you agree with our proposition as follows ; ( i ) 25 % to the account owner ( you ) . ( ii ) 65 % for us ( the panel officials ) . ( iii ) 10 % to be used in settling all expenses ( by both you and us ) incidental to the actualization of this project . we wish to invest our share of the proceeds of this project in foreign stock markets and other viable business till we are ready and able to have access to them without raising any eyebrows here at home . please note that this transaction is 100 % safe and risk - free . we intend to effect the transfer within ten ( 10 ) banking days from the date of receipt of the following information through the fax number stated above : your company ' s name , address , telephone and fax numbers ; we will use your company ' s name to apply for the payment and backdate the award of the contract in favour of your company . we are looking forward to doing this transaction with you and we solicit for your utmost confidentiality in this transaction . i will bring you into a more detailed picture of this transaction when i hear from you . please get in touch through my email address above . best regards , dr . ahmed adams - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pos?lejte sms p?es internet zdarma a bez reklamy . pouze s tiscali . v?ce na http : / / www . tiscali . cz 
2	Subject: continental power transmission attached below is a follow - up from my recent trip to london . after reading through the document , i would like james to schedule a teleconference meeting for friday to discuss this further before forwarding it to the commercial team . i can meet anytime after 7 : 30 am houston time . thanks , todd 
2	Subject: california update 09 . 03 . 01 - - debate over direct access heats up this story reflects fairly well the debate underway regarding the da suspension date . the treasurer , angelides , is taking a hard line . we are working with others to get the date pushed back . california puc staff has started calling around trying to estimate how many customers have very recently switched or are trying to . they have made inquiries to our customers , including uc / csu . best , jeff state fights 6 , 000 firms ' energy deals discount power contracts deemed unfair to consumers bernadette tansey , chronicle staff writer sunday , september 2 , 2001 ? 2001 san francisco chronicle url : thousands of california businesses may reap cost breaks on electricity while other utility customers live with record rate hikes if the state lets stand a spurt of last - minute contracts with private power suppliers . more than 6 , 000 firms , including big retail chains and industrial plants , signed discounted power contracts in july and august as market prices dropped . state officials are incensed , saying the private " direct access " contracts with electricity providers could shift the burden for millions of dollars in state power purchases onto households and small businesses . state treasurer phil angelides said the same companies that benefited as the state depleted its budget surplus to keep the lights on now want to escape paying their share of the billions spent to ensure power supplies for california . " i think it ' s wrong and it ' s immoral , " angelides said . state officials argue that the summer contracts can still be canceled retroactively because california businesses were on notice that their option to shop around for better deals on electricity was about to be suspended by the state public utilities commission . the puc is set to consider the retroactive ban thursday . but energy firms say the summer deals were perfectly legal because the puc had not yet taken action and made a series of draft decisions that put off the effective date of the direct access ban until as late as yesterday . " the drafts were not consistent , " said tracy fairchild , a spokeswoman for alliance for retail energy markets , a consortium of generators and energy suppliers . " which one were we supposed to take seriously ? " the energy trade group is threatening to sue to protect the summer contracts . angelides fears that a prolonged court fight could block a $ 12 . 5 billion state bond sale to reimburse the treasury for california ' s emergency power purchases . the burgeoning conflict is part of a continuing fight by energy firms and some of their business customers to preserve direct access - - a core provision of the state ' s 1996 deregulation law . deregulation supporters predicted energy consumers would enjoy lower prices if private generators were allowed to compete with the utilities as power suppliers . but the direct access program was thrown into disarray last year when wholesale electricity prices skyrocketed and the state stepped in to buy power . to make sure the state ' s outlay would be paid back by all ratepayers , the legislature in january directed the puc to suspend direct access . by that time , most direct access customers were fleeing back to the utilities to benefit from a rate cap that protected them from the soaring market power prices . the puc postponed action on the direct access ban while some legislators were sponsoring bills that would have allowed the program to continue under certain conditions . but by july , market prices had come down , and energy providers like enron energy services , aes new energy and strategic energy were again offering direct access contracts . businesses were looking for relief from the record rate hikes imposed on utility customers in june , said phoenix energy consultant gina coleman . coleman said she helped five retail chains with " a significant number " of stores in california negotiate contracts with strategic energy this summer . " business is business , and if you can get a better price for something , you should , " said coleman , who declined to name her clients . she said the lower costs will help the stores keep doing business in california and hold their prices down . daniel douglass , an attorney for the alliance for retail energy markets , said any attempt by the state to cancel contracts retroactively would violate the constitutional law . he said energy firms have purchased power to serve their customers under the contracts and would suffer losses if they were canceled . angelides said the same firms that ran to the state for protection when their market contracts became too expensive now want to take advantage of lower power prices he attributes to the stabilizing effect of the state ' s long - term power contracts . " you can ' t take advantage of the state ' s stabilizing the rates , then say , ' thank you very much , ' and stick everyone else with the bill , " angelides said . state officials have not tallied the total number of customers who signed up in july and august , nor have they estimated the revenue loss that would have to be covered by remaining utility ratepayers . figures compiled by the puc show that commercial and industrial firms signed more than 6 , 000 new direct access contracts in july alone . a rough calculation suggests that , as a result , the firms might contribute as much as $ 64 million less annually to the repayment of state costs . the loss might not be significant enough to risk a court fight that would delay the bond sale , state officials said . bu angelides said the same power firms that helped create the energy crisis by charging exorbitant rates are now threatening a bond issue desperately needed to restore funds needed for education , health care and children ' s services . " what they ' re talking about doing , " he said , " is holding us hostage until they get what they want . " e - mail bernadette tansey at btansey @ sfchronicle . com . ? 2001 san francisco chronicle page a - 21 
2	Subject: re : dinner next week sure it works - - i just need to schedule the nanny to stay late - - i will ask her this evening which night she can stay - - would be fun to see you both . i saw a lot of brent the last time he was here , but haven ' t seen you in a while . i will call or email you tomorrow with a definite . b enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 14 / 03 / 2000 14 : 37 to : beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect cc : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect subject : dinner next week brent price and i will be in the london office next week . wanted to see if you , frank and mo might be available for dinner one evening . we arrive on monday morning ( march 20 th ) and will return to houston on friday morning . our tuesday night is booked , having dinner with fernley . but monday , wednesday and thursday are available . does it work for you with the baby to do evenings ? let me know . 
2	Subject: requirements for clayton hi vince , i have communicated the following requirements to clayton . please give me your thoughts on additions / modifications . for eol model , 1 . working program , with easily usable interface 2 . user docs , for new user to easily start using system plus includes details about program structure and modules 3 . reports for tabulation of data by commodity , counterparty , period , etc . should be easy to run daily . 4 . time series description , including graphs , plus some time series analysis ( say , relationship of volume to time of day , day of week ) 5 . cross commodity trading relationships ( identify potential arbitrage ) for gas model , 1 . calibrate model 2 . user docs , with complete description of data 
2	Subject: we provide quality tablets and real value to our customers . merganser thank you for checking these great benefits . it is great rebate for customers . help you reduce the expenditures on mediz . http : / / slls . starspecificsgreat . com / ma it provides great picks for pain rel - ief , sexual health , anxi ; ety , depression , cholesterol , obesity and sleeping disorder . relax , quick case profile review . testify the reliable and quick handling . title : sugar rush [ sponsor ] i get a high whenever you ' re around arends file - receive delavous hzol esruoc ekon her smile is like the sun and her eyes like the moon 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010418 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 18 / preferred : 454 . 14 / final : 454 . 11 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 4 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? mary , i have paid ccgm manually for both july and august production . sept production is due on the 31 st . 
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here they reached the summit , followed by rank after rank , until the hillside was alive with them oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 but in the basket - car are some things i would like to keep with mei wish you would go and fetch my satchel , two lanterns , and a can of kerosene oil that is under the seat and then , with a ringing cheer that came like a faint echo to the ears of the three watchers , they broke into a run and dashed forward to the rescue of their brave comrades the boers faltered , gave back , and the next moment fled precipitately , while the exhausted survivors of the courageous band fell sobbing into the arms of their rescuers  
2	Subject: miscellaneous items good morning tom : please furnish the following information to me for the research directory : name : tom halliburton title : location : ebl 957 phone # : 5 - 8539 home address : home telephone : wife ' s name : your birthday : also for your information , there will be a research group staff meeting every thursday from 11 : 30 am to 1 : 00 pm in eb 30 cl . lunch will be provided . please let me know what kind of sandwich or salad you would like and what you would like to drink . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: re : nom / actual volume for april 16 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 04 / 17 / 2001 11 : 00 : 35 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / actual volume for april 16 th nom mcf mmbtu 30 , 000 29 , 974 30 , 784 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance review process as we move into the spring / summer of 2000 , it is time to turn our attention to the performance review process . mid - year is always busy and we have a number of important tasks and projects in process . while recognizing this , it remains extremely important to take time over the next few weeks to gather necessary information to provide quality and meaningful feedback for our employees , as well as utilize this information during the year end review process . in the spirit of one enron , the performance review process ( prc ) will be global for mid - year 2000 . vice presidents and above across all operating companies will be reviewed and discussed in a consistent manner with identical criteria . ena will review all professional level and above employees . the timeline and training for the midyear process are outlined at the end of this memo . your hr business consultant is also available to answer questions . with regards to the global functions , review sessions will be led by the global and / or corporate functional heads , and will be designed to calibrate personnel within these areas of expertise . the global functional review areas include : _ networks / technology _ accounting _ rac _ finance _ human resources _ public relations & reg affairs g . whalley r . causey r . buy a . fastow c . olson s . kean ena mid - year process : ena has received favorable feedback on the review process used for mid - year and year - end 1999 , and as such , will follow the same general guidelines and process for mid - year 2000 . the following are key features of the mid - year 2000 process : o the focus of the feedback will continue to be on the qualitative aspects , as opposed to quantitative . toward this end , communication of the employee  , s explicit ranking will be left to the discretion of the business unit manager . o initial discussions with employees regarding their accomplishments , are highly encouraged , prior to the business review meetings . o mid - year performance results will be used as baseline performance information for year - end 2000 . o creation of 3 standard feedback forms for all peer groups . o standardization of criteria for all peer groups . o utilization of a consistent 6 gradation rating scale . o all exempt employees will be discussed at business review meetings and placed into one of six categories by peer group . ena vp ' s will be pre - ranked by the ena office of the chairman and managing directors prior to the enron prc . non - exempt ( overtime eligible ) employees will be evaluated by their supervisors and placed into one of the 6 categories . the results of the business review meetings will be the final rankings for exempt employees below vp , subject to ena office of the chairman . o a minimum of two representatives from other functional areas will be required at the business review meetings . the meetings should otherwise be rescheduled to allow this very important representation to take place . the nominated individuals are illustrated below . o the top 5 hr priorities / challenges for 2000 should also be agreed to at the business review meetings . o analysts and associates will be pre - reviewed in a business review meetings based on their current rotation , then cross - calibrated at the enron global analyst and associate business review meeting . peer groups : commercial commercial support technical specialized technical performance criteria ( for all peer groups ) : innovation / entrepreneurship communication / setting direction teamwork / interpersonal leadership / vision / values business instinct analytical / technical guidelines : o use of multiple sources of input is encouraged ( employee , peers , direct reports , internal customers , external customers ) , as is a self - evaluation o employees should recommend 5 - 10 reviewers to supervisor and supervisor should select at least three of the employee  , s recommendations o all feedback must be entered via the performance management system located on the intranet o supervisor should consolidate the feedback , prepare a draft of the performance review form and meet with the employee prior to the business review meeting o final feedback to exempt employee follows the july 28 th meeting o for vp ' s & md ' s , final feedback follows the enron executive committee meeting business review meetings / vp pre - ranking committee meeting responsibilities / actions : the following list represents suggested groups and the individuals responsible for each business review meeting . attendees at the meetings are appropriate supervisors within the business unit . in addition , the office of the chairman requires the attendance of two to three other senior level representatives from other business units to add external perspective . area / function ena lead global / functional lead * required non - functional attendees commercial trading presto dietrich shankman calger lavorato bowen mcclellan ajello hickerson delainey belden origination redmond shankman dietrich mcclellan milnthorp belden calger presto donahue delainey bowen lavorato ajello duran ondarza malcolm overdyke thompson / josey yzaguirre finance ( * ) jakubik fastow commercial support technical specialized technical legal haedicke research kaminski rac buy technical miller / parquet energy operations ( * ) beck causey colwell oxley business analysis & reporting / tax ( * ) colwell causey beck mintz human resources ( * ) oxley olson public relations ( * ) palmer kean networks / technology ( * ) perlman whalley / mcconnell ( * ) note : global functional review meetings to be held for these areas . ena vp pre - ranking committee : ray bowen mark frevert dan leff ( non ena rep ) david oxley dave delainey brian redmond george mcclellan mark haedicke janet dietrich julia murray jeff shankman gary hickerson jeff donahue jere overdyke marty sunde ( non ena rep ) john lavorato outcomes of business review meetings / vp pre - ranking committee meetings : o calibration of employees into six gradations o promotion nominations below vp o assessment of the  & right people in the right jobs  8 o assessment of gaps for what is needed in the business unit ( skills , capabilities , training , experience ) o top five hr challenges o feedback to employees on the results of the meetings , as applicable timeline pep system open for feedback may 17 pep system closes for feedback june 9 feedback collection / initial employee may 17 - june 12 discussions global functional review meetings june 12 - june 16 ena business review meetings june 12 - july 25 ena vp pre - ranking committee meeting july 28 enron executive committee meeting july 31 - aug . 1 
2	Subject: re : the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak andreas , this looks ok . i look forward to receiving a formal confirmation from you . vince " andreas simou " on 08 / 17 / 2000 11 : 49 : 29 am to : cc : subject : re : the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak dear mr kaminski thank you very much for agreeing to speak at the garp 2001 convention . i will be sending you a formal letter of confirmation in the next few days , in the meantime i have selected the session below for you and included some preliminary details ; are these correct ? i apologize if your details are not correct but this is the information that was available to me . is the title of the session to you liking , or would you like to ' spice it up ' a little ? measuring energy risk - tackling price volatility , adapting var , scenario modelling and regulatory requirements vince kaminski , head of quantitative research , enron energy once again , thank you for agreeing to participate and i look forward to working with you on this event . kind regards andreas - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : sent : thursday , august 17 , 2000 5 : 22 pm subject : re : the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak andreas , i shall be glad to speak . i can address topic 2 or 4 ( energy risk or volatility ) . vince kaminski " andreas simou " on 08 / 15 / 2000 09 : 58 : 26 am to : cc : subject : the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak invitation to speak garp 2001 the 2 nd annual risk management convention 13 ( superscript : th ) & 14 ( superscript : th ) february , 2001 ? marriott world trade center , new york dear kaminski further to my telephone conversation today with your secretary , shirley crenshaw , and on behalf of the global association of risk professionals , i have great pleasure in inviting you to speak at our 2 ( superscript : nd ) annual risk management convention ? garp 2001 . this event has rapidly establishing itself as the risk management industry ' s most important meeting point . garp 2000 reflected the key concerns of risk management experts world - wide , with over 400 attendees in its first year . three simultaneous streams address traditional pricing and risk management techniques , along with specialised streams addressing new sectors , such as the corporate world and the insurance industry . with a speaker panel of over 55 senior and executive financial professionals from investment banks , regulatory bodies , asset management firms , academics , insurers / re - insurers , corporate and system providers this is the financial risk management event of the year . key areas that this convention will consider include market risk ( stress testing , liquidity , jump diffusion , evt ) , credit risk ( regulation , modeling , stress testing , credit portfolio management , credit derivatives ) , operational risk , ( regulation , data , modeling , validation , evt ) advanced asset & liability management , corporate / energy risk management and the insurance & capital markets . from my research and discussions with experts in this arena your name was highly recommended as a speaker for this event . below is the stream on corporate / energy risk management and i had in mind one of the sessions below for you . also , the topic titles are provisional and i am open to suggested alterations . corporate / energy risk management modelling corporate risk ? risk management from a shareholder value perspective measuring energy risk ? tackling price volatility , adapting var , scenario modelling and regulatory requirements forward pricing ? construction of the forward curve , correlations , transparency issues the volatility challenge ? modelling price volatility and examining the new products designed to stabilise volatility energy credit risk management garp is a not - for - profit , independent organisation of risk management practitioners and researchers from leading financial institutions world - wide . garp ' s mission is to facilitate the exchange of information , developing educational programs and promoting standards in the area of financial risk management . for more information please refer to our web site : www . garp . com i sincerely hope you will be able to accept this invitation and i look forward to hearing from you in due course . should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me , otherwise i will call you again on to discuss this further . best regards andreas ps i have also attached a copy of garps 2000 program for your attention . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ andreas simou garp 2001 - conference producer tel + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900 ( see attached file : draft programme . doc ) ( see attached file : g 2000 b & wlowr . pdf ) 
2	Subject: massive inernet drug juntion rd massive siskin aft cataclysm batik invulnerable cutthroat bebop celandine mantissa sergei burn arty chafe cafeteria silage barn  
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 02 / 11 - 02 / 15 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 972 mmbtu / d ( 89 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 851 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 403 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2075 mmbtu / d ( 71 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 573 mmbtu / d ( 50 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1010 mmbtu / d ( 81 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 492 mmbtu / d ( 91 % ) thursday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 345 ( + . 185 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 335 ( + . 185 ) tw san juan 2 . 20 ( + . 19 ) tw permian 2 . 215 ( + . 185 ) 
2	Subject: learn to play texas hold ' em and other poker classics on the most popular free site . - earn $ 100 bonus from partypoker . visit here . jybwgyay 
2	Subject: tw imbalance confirmation 10 / 98 hi michelle - i found a copy of the imbalance confirmation sent by tw to mojave for 09 / 98 . at that point your records agreed with mojave ' s that the ending imbalance was 19 , 040 due mojave . it is a little blurry , but i can send a copy to you , if you would like it . sue mayher ( 719 ) 520 - 4649 susan . mayher @ elpaso . com this email and any files transmitted with it from the elpaso corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender .  
2	Subject: calottery california ( usa ) calottery california ( usa ) 3347 east anaheim sreet long beach , california , 90884 tel / fax : 001 801 457 8388 e - mail : calottery _ california @ socialevents . com http : / / www . calottery . com congratulations ! ! ! ! from the office of the director international promotion calottery california united state of america dear sir / madam , results for category " b " draws congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the category " b " draws of calottery california usa . we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the second category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws were held on the 25 th may 2005 by supperlotto and results were officially announced today 9 th june 2005 . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 4 , 000 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . you / your email , attached to ticket number 4 - 15 - 23 - 26 - 47 - 23 , with drew number # 1893 , and consequently won in the category " b " . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million united states dollars ) which is the winning payout for category " b " winners . this is from the total prize of 2 million dollars shared among the 2 international winners in this category . congratulations ! ! ! your forms has been submitted to our head office . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / no participants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our mid year ( 2006 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to u $ 10 . million , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . your winning coupon numbers fails to our european processing center please contact our european processing center immediately , to begin your claim process ; mrs patricia or mr juan - phillip director of operations legalonline consultancy & security email : fr . legalonline @ legalonline . com or olineservice @ netscape . net winner notice never reply to any email of lottery draws you don ' t know , they pritended to be us , due call or write to our head office in united state for confirmation : e - mail : calottery _ california @ socialevents . com or tel / fax : 001 801 457 8388 for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not late than 18 th june 2005 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed and all contact must be via email or through fax or tel - num from your claim agent . rosa escutia director , public relations and communications calottery california united state . 
2	Subject: neon lesson # 6 - experiencing god week 6 . doc 
2	Subject: re : ees @ silicon valley power ( city of santa clara ) another little adder to this concept . whether it ' s wholesale or retail , the offer for this product would come from me - - either by way of badeer on the wholesale side or richter on the retail side . i have no interest in getting short in silicon valley . we don ' t have transmission to get to this highly congested area . there are huge risks associated with redefining npl 5 into separate zones and large congestion charges associated with getting to the sf penninsula . this area looks a lot like zone j in new york . not a place you want to be short . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 12 : 06 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : belden , tim subject : fw : ees @ silicon valley power ( city of santa clara ) just a little noise from the field offices . . . no need to do anything but i thought you should be aware of a little skirmish . ader ' s version is different - he says he only precluded mike and laird ' s involvement after receiving a lot of negativism from them about the ees concept . also , he thinks that svp liked the product offering . my opinion is that this a wholesale customer / opportunity . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dyer , laird sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 10 : 33 am to : mcdonald , michael ; calger , christopher f . subject : ees @ silicon valley power ( city of santa clara ) mike that i would tell svp that ees ' s proposal is a wholesale product replicating svp ' s core competency of delivering a fixed priced , load followed product . mike and i had a somewhat heated discussion with ader about their product offering . ader characterized the product as retail on the basis that it would be sold one customer at a time and involved load following . that the product is to be sleeved through svp ( actually sold to svp for re - sale ) and therefore is a wholesale product was dismissed . ader also indicated that ees would be offering behind the meter demand related services , which further characterized their product as retail . what is clear is that ees is searching for physical power sales . they can offer behind the meter solutions without the help or involvement of svp . their product offering , once the decorations are removed , is a physical power sale . as was our concern , we will now have to manage this issue , reacting to ees ' s actions . ugh ! ! ! laird 
2	Subject: i / b link space per our earlier conversation , please increase contract 27748 to 25 , 000 for gas day 12 th for a rate of $ . 05 . this is a increase of 15 , 000 . thank you , julie 
2	Subject: midcon transport usage tickets - - marol daren - - - i noticed that the midcon transport usage tickets at oakville & moore are not in for march . the previous deal tickets are 598934 & 598958 for that transport . should they ? let me know if you want me to set up new tickets if need be . . . or let me know if you create them , so i can update mops & pops . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: changes in registration for cera access cera notified us yesterday of new procedures for accessing the cera web site . if you have never registered for www . cera . com , please follow the procedures attached . call me if you have any questions . lorna m . brennan competitive intelligence enron transportation services omaha 402 - 398 - 7573 
2	Subject: hate condoms , but need to stay safe ? stay hard all night , even with a condom on ! today ' s special : v - i - a - g - r - a , retails for $ 15 , we sell for as low as $ 1 . 90 ! ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / ijehmbcfkl . makeyourhealth . info / ? adgbcfklxtnqyijzgvehm amelie sylviemasterl reynolds spitfire mishka charitycookies mikael isaac mikael bobcat jan speedo buffy wonder denali percymollyl benson cobra redrum corrado passion lulu blowfishcharlott advil cutie mailer georgiamailer fugazi amandal hanson rugby tarzan  
2	Subject: how to earn thousands writing google adwords part - time kara googlecash gives you all the tools you need to turn the search engine google . com into an autopilot cash generating machine ! what ' s your dream lifestyle ? phosphor disco ghoulish eardrum airplane geriatric approximant drop colby coquette greta corollary trafficking mimi horseplay diamond diverge cession handline babysat eccles wave beaver boletus parasol widget mona adipic endurance marketwise carrara ovary medicine musician nuance bloodbath clamshell caramel jostle tamale gladiolus goldberg papa proper pump allure constant magna cat albatross upholstery presumptuous inconspicuous clink auditor acrobat freshwater peptide bakersfield brutal ablution byzantine putnam chafe despoil bloodroot disciplinarian margo ferrite irresistible dessert cyclic latch mileage corset pinkish ellis blue phonology difficulty belle largesse ani stomach inductor worthwhile rhea axon jumble handy epiphany nonogenarian bamako below buick narcissist divestiture marketplace cameron alcoholic celebrate sapient mutiny tetrachloride emboss pink anomaly oratorical wakeup prominent huntington demark tippy beheld arbitrary dais wound bullfinch salve content dibble aug auditor though zachary drill worm pubescent reptile augustus copperhead hydrology clock questionnaire dynamo claret effloresce lodge madam anthropomorphism  
2	Subject: fill a room with 300 people end all senior market prospecting problems instantly and painlessly ! get record breaking results with the usa financial turnkey , worry - free auto - pilot client seminar marketing system and formula ! use the same methods we used to get 20 , 898 rsvp ' s in only 15 short months . learn our secret asset - cycle sales presentation that earns $ 10 , 000 - $ 30 , 000 per client , and get free attendance to our 2 - day coaching adacemy ! learn our coveted secrets to easily and consistently collect millions millions in assets ! average of 131 rsvp ' s per seminar . . . over 200 seminars conducted average of 80 % attendance ratio 60 % appointment ratio some actual sample rsvp ' s : 337 il , 194 fl , 196 tx , 221 wi , 151 ca , 220 pa , 158 ga shared statistics on over a year ' s worth of seminar performance 380 testimonials from other financial advisors , reps agents call our 24 - hour automated response line for your free report and audiotape ( $ 97 value ! ) or please fill out the form below for your free report and audiotape ! name : e - mail : phone : fax : address : city : state : zip : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: mips january actuals fyi - not sure of the affect on p & l . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000 01 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - george grant 02 / 10 / 2000 01 : 23 pm to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : mips january actuals fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george grant / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000 01 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - romeo d ' souza 02 / 10 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : george grant / hou / ect @ ect cc : dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect subject : mips january actuals george , there seems to be a problem with mips while trying to actualize the january 2000 data ( y 2 k related ) . in order to actualize jan pops has to manually load the actual files into pops , the side effect of this is that some of the feb data may be loaded with numbers that are old . this will be rectified as we complete loading the jan actuals and then load the most recent mips measured prelim numbers for feb . pops is currently processing the mips files in the order they were received , we should be done with this today . please inform us of any abnormalities that you see tommorrow . thanks romeo 
2	Subject: hey - this really works remember how it was v . 1 , c - 0 , d ' 1 . n 75 o m . gg 3 o p ! | ls 169 . oo 6 o piils 245 . 95 9 o pills 319 . oo full list same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln : http : / / sphagnum . stuffthatworkd . com / please / your membership is about to expire fannie chu drycooper j & s medical associates , framingham 01702 , united states of america phone : 153 - 562 - 1597 mobile : 161 - 781 - 7744 email : yhwcqwxx @ dsl . nl this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this freeware is a 74 minute usage download notes : the contents of this message is for manipulation and should not be wrench charlottesville ah antarctica blomberg time : sun , 23 jan 2005 14 : 22 : 40 - 0600 
2	Subject: mega nneed offr hello , welcome to pharmonli pitfall ne sho affect p - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sho exsiccation ps thereout v compare g a kibble l l devisor l l navigable a r metaphysical a trousseaux cl i billow sv atomicity a coastal um andmanyother . - save ove reheat r 50 % - worldwide sh drowsy lpplng - total confidentiaiit mellifluous y - over 5 miiiion customers goneness in 130 countries have a nice da wriggle y ! 
2	Subject: california 6 / 13 executive summary - cpuc rules that socal must pay 15 % of debt to qfs ( approximately $ 50 million ) - ruling heightens likelihood of voluntary bankruptcy filing by socal - voluntary filing further heightened by successful ring - fencing by eix parent - bankruptcy judge firm in support for qfs report 1 . socal loses cpuc ruling , but retains appeal option as you may have seen , bloomberg reported that the cpuc voted 5 - 0 to force socal to make 15 % of its payments owed to alternative energy producers in california . cpuc rules allow 30 days to appeal its rulings , leaving a window open for socal to buy more time . 2 . voluntary filing in ? with regard to a socal bankruptcy filing , the key now is how socal ' s board feels about progress rather than deadlines with creditors . in other words , sources believe that a voluntary filing is more likely than an involuntary filing . a continuing lack of progress on a bailout and an increase in the number of liens filed against socal is more likely to make the socal board want to file for bankrutpcy voluntarily . the recent ring - fencing by edison international reflects their need to pay off cross - default risk and to cut ties in their bank facility between the parent company and lines of credit helds by socal . in and of outself , it does not necessarily signal an imminent filing . 3 . involuntary out ? sources indicate that the unsecured financial creditors are not considering a filing against socal . this is because the financial creditors believe that they would still be worse off in bankruptcy . sources report that in creditor discussions , there has not been talk of the debt holders not being paid . " people have talked about screwing the generators and everyone else , but not the debt holders , " a source commented . the qfs are unlikely to file against socal because they have fairly good contracts in place . also , they receive high capacity fees in the summer ( these fees vary seasonally and are distinct from generating fees ) . these capacity fees are calculated on a rolling , 4 - year basis and will be re - calculated next year . the qfs want this summer included in the recalculation , incentivizing them to keep their contracts in place . 4 . montali supporting qfs judge montali , by his recent rulings , is sending a signal that he is concerned for the qfs and is sensitive to their hardships . he is trying to help them through his rulings . for example , as long as qfs remain on line , those who petition can receive additional payments from pg & e . over a 4 - month period , these payments equal 20 % of the qfs ' pre - petition claims . this provides the qfs incentive to remain connected to pg & e . 5 . ge looking to restructure generating capacity financing general electric is reportedly " deeply concerned " about the stability of financing generating capacity in the us . ( ge has over 70 % of the gas turbine market . ) ge is reportedly trying to keep its margins down and is not raising its prices due to concerns about instability . sources believe that a very significant percentage of generating capacity financing will have to be restrucured in five years . 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for sandeep . kohli @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000025312 request create date : 3 / 23 / 01 9 : 52 : 03 am requested for : sandeep . kohli @ enron . com resource name : visual studio enterprise resource type : applications 
2	Subject: get discount drugs without prescription discount generic drugs . save over 70 % todays specials , viagra , retails for $ 15 , we sell for 3 ! ! ! prozac , retails for $ 6 , we sell for $ 1 . 50 ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / therxshop . net / ? index no thanks : http : / / therxshop . net / rm . html 
2	Subject: accounting adjustment kim , fyi . i checked on the progress of the accounting adjustment and was told it would happen this month . vince 
2	Subject: best online tablets here tahoe nightfall scamp shish maladaptive congregate penumbra leonardo beneath need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here functionary catholic hemisphere abrade craftsmen eocene  
2	Subject: improve desire charset  us - ascii " > longz capsules feature an exclusive blend of natural supplements that have been proven to increase and improve circulation to the groin . during arousal , you will experience harder and stronger erections forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse . 86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more ' full ' sexually . check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd i want to let u guys know that i have seen over 1 inch in length increase since i started taking ur system . the exercises are easy too . i use them both and this is awesome . clancy , spokane i am busy , no thank you , go above but now he regretted having interfered for a moment with the action of the machine , for his progress , instead of being swift as a bird ' s flight , became slow and jerky , nor was he sure that the damaged machine might not break down altogether at any moment . yet so far his progress was in the right direction , and he resolved to experiment no further with the instrument , but to let it go as it would , so long as it supported him above the water however irregular the motion might be , it was sure , if continued , to bring him to land in time , and that was all he cared about just then  
2	Subject: re : powerisk 2001 - your invitation angelika , thanks for the invitation . yes , i shall be glad to attend and repeat the same presentation . vince angelika staude on 04 / 09 / 2001 04 : 19 : 08 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : powerisk 2001 - your invitation powerisk 2001 the global premier forumforenergy trading & risk management 6 th - 9 th november 2001 , paris dear mr kaminski , i am responsible for the programme of this year ' s powerisk conference in paris . helyette geman has informed me that she has contacted you concerning the workshop and that you are happy to do it with her again this year - brilliant ! i would like to know if you are also interested in delivering a paper again . the audience in previous years greatly appreciated your contribution , and i would me more than happy if you could join us again . to give you an idea of the programme so far , these are the ( " technical " ) topics that are already covered : chris strickland : forward curve models with jumps for the pricing of exotic energy contracts multi - factor forward curve models for the valuation of energy contracts adding jumps applying the models to exotic energy options extensions to multiple energy contracts les clewlow : valuation and risk management of virtual power stations and gas supply agreements structures of gas supply agreements ( gsa ) relationships between physical and virtual power stations ( pps / vps ) valuation methods for gsa ' s and vps ' s risk analysis of gsa ' s and vps ' s derek bunn , professor of decision sciences , london business school : analysing the impact of neta on market efficiency & volatility in the uk energy market chris harris , director of market development . operations and engineering , innogy : applying cutting - edge portfolio management theory in order to optimise your risk exposure establishing and valuing the key factors using a bottom up approach looking at the interconnection between key factors the treatment of the risk of infrequent but high impact events peter nance , principal , teknecon : combining power systems and monte carlo simulations for effective pricing dan mansfeld , head of risk control , vattenfall : assessing the benefits and risks of using derivatives as part of your risk management strategy spyros maragos : analysing new approaches to building forward curves from available market data tamara weinert , credit and contracts manager , mirant energy : successfully measuring limit setting ; risk reducing structures importance of credit in the organizational structure : reporting ; dependence ; structure of credit department brett humphreys : examining cutting - edge credit exposure mitigation tools : combining counterparty and portfolio credit var techniques helyette geman : pricing of exotic energy derivatives and structured contracts please let me know if you are interested in joining the powerisk 2001 speaker panel , and which topic you would like to cover . i think that something along the lines of last year ' s talk ( state - of - the - art volatility and correlation estimation techniques for multiple energy portfolios ) would be brilliant again , but please feel free to chose something else that has not been covered yet . i look forward to hearing from you , kind regards , angelika staude director powerisk 2001 tel : 0044 207 915 5675 fax : 0044 207 915 5101 ps : for your information , please find enclosed a list of confirmed speakers for powerisk 2001 . - confirmed speakers . doc 
2	Subject: this is b 3 tt 3 r th 3 n viagr 4 dear valued customer , today you are about to learn about the future . the future in prescriptlon buying . right now in canada they use almost all geneeric drugs to cut back on spending and they probably spend about a 1 / 4 of what the usa spends on prescriptlon medications . today is your chance to get in on these s 4 vings  
2	Subject: - thousands of po . rn gay phot 0 s quake bastion guillotine follicle flagpole backwater maldive arsenide slop articulatory bechtel flank sicilian suburb halogen concord della fluctuate moral canaan veranda smudgy ghostly windsurf betwixt avarice custodian spaniel victoria durkee - - - - - fukk me gayy - - - - - - first g * a * y fuc - k - k only ! http : / / 666 videox . biz / boys / ? pul 4 x - hi - res x . x . x g . a . y p . 0 . r . n - uncensored hardcore - rated xxx hardcore - magazine quality daily update new content - voted # 1 gay site - thousands of po . rn gay phot 0 s - hardc - 0 - re m - 0 - vies & xxx vide - 0 - s http : / / 666 videox . biz / boys / ? xkljj fm lock schematic predispose isle breadroot deuteron nebulae emil graves . montgomery hyacinth usgs corpulent alliterate navajo dodd furry bijouterie kitchenette umbrella wrench . naval flatulent infamous guardia annulled leone phone ear paregoric scull antisemitism pike . crux loom marvelous wharf dextrose composition cabana thyroid anomie darpa radiant placenta holst appreciable inherent sudden horsemen klaxon clubhouse exegesis monel erg flare descendent restive dialect emblem krueger dar . 
2	Subject: pastoria - executive committee presentation attached is the presentation which includes rebecca ' s comments . please call me at x . 5 . 8992 should you have any questions . thanks . 
2	Subject: latest fall 2001 module schedule and calendar ( rev . c ) - placed in your mailbox 4 - 5 - 01 students , faculty , and staff , a hard copy of the latest fall 2001 module schedule and calendar ( rev . c ) were placed in your mailbox on thursday . please review over the calendar closely for changes made . i have also posted the latest fall 2001 module schedule and calendar ( rev . c ) to embanet . reminder : the jones graduate school does not always follow the university calendar on scheduled breaks , exams , etc . . . . always refer to jones graduate school information regarding breaks , exam schedules , etc . . . . thanks , kathy kathy m . spradling mba program coordinator jesse h . jones graduate school of management rice university 6100 main street , ms 531 houston , texas 77005 - 1892 phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313 fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251 email : spradlin @ rice . edu http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs / 
2	Subject: re : goodday ' captain bill , this is an awesome story . i was too awestruck to fully understand when you explained yesterday ! companies can make and lose money , people get promoted , emails are exchanged - - - but you never forget the moments like an omelet lady catching on fire . i hope she is ok ! it sounds serious . hey , great show last night . i took off at the end of the lst encore . talk to you later , scott > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : williams iii , bill [ mailto : bill . williams . iii @ enron . com ] > sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 11 : 10 am > to : kuehn , m scott > subject : re : goodday ' captain > > scott , > this is from a guy on our floor . he ' s a summer intern . . . and this is > his tuesday morning story . incidentally i was standing directly in front > of the old women picking out some green onions for my omelet when all hell > broke loose . i took about three steps back and wandered towards the > kitchen in search of a fire extinguisher . didn ' t find one , and like scott > ( the intern ) was a bit disappointed in my reactions . . . ah well . > > > > i don ' t usually send out a group email , but listen to this shit . so i am > sitting at work this morning minding my own business when all hell breaks > loose . it is about 630 am , and most of the trading has subsided for the > morning . i decide to grab the first ham and cheese omelet from the women > that are serving our breakfast this morning because who knows how long the > food will last . . . today is a special day because we get a fresh cooked > breakfast from a propane grill as opposed to the green eggs and ham that > we are used to because no one wants to get up at 3 am and cook a fresh > breakfast for enron employees , they usually cook it the night before . so , > everyone on the floor is very excited and pumped up about the possibility > of grabbing a nice breakfast without having the fear that later in the > afternoon your ass would wreak havoc on you for eating the nasty green > eggs . so , i grab the first omelet and the crowd surges toward the two 70 > year - old women at the grill . everyone is smiling , deciding whether or not > they want ham or maybe they will get crazy and add salsa or something . > the next thing you know , straight out of a fox tv show or " you ' ve gotta > see this " episode . . . this old woman is engulfed in flames like the great > fire of chicago . the propane tanks heating the stove exploded and the > flames are high and wide , raising up to ten feet in height . the place > turns into a frenzy . nobody can move , react , or anything . everyone is > frozen watching this old woman ( picture happy gilmore ' s grandma ) go up like > an old christmas tree . a few seconds before this high school chemistry > experiment , i was sitting on the first row right in the middle and i was > staring at my two liquid display computer terminals and glancing at the > sports ticker on espn 2 on the 50 inch liquid flatscreen tv that is directly > above my desk . the old woman that went into flames is directly in front of > me , about a literal three feet away and i am directly facing the inferno > along with a co - worker who is catching the blunt of the heat of the > flames . i don ' t save the old woman like most of you might have thought , i > can ' t do anything but shout obscenities and wonder who the hell is going > to jump in there and save this poor lady . the old woman is yelling > , " somebody get me outta here ! " . . . yet we all continue to stare . . . . . finally , > someone grabs her arm and yanks her out of the blaze . who is this masked > man , i have no clue . however , i do witness les from middle marketing > doing his best maurice greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which > he is the only one in the office that has a clue where it is . i see > someone throwing a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier , which is > funny , if not for the fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair > and her arms are about to blister up . the blaze is extinguished after > taking a hell of a toll on the old woman , ruining the flat screen tv that > used to sit above me , and torching a bunch of cabinets and the backs of > computer screens . the alarm in our building 3 world trade center is > screaming , and the smoke is enough to make even polarek leave the area . > so , the fire departemnt comes and the old woman is now out of the building > and on her way to the hospital . who knows what condition she is in , but > all i know is i hope i am never around a bunch of vaginas ( myself and the > rest of us that did nothing ) when i go up in flames someday . well , i have > to get back to work because i have wasted about 20 minutes writing this > drama . take care , scotty > > > hope you liked the show last night . > take it easy . b - c . dtf 
2	Subject: affordable health insurance now available forward this mail to a friend : friend ' s emails : a d v e r t i s e m e n t this message was sent to you as a permission - based subscriber of : mesa media 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1113 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4007 we will continue to bring you valuable offers on the products and services that interest you most . if you do not want to receive these offers , please visit this link .  
2	Subject: fwd : , just get a better rate ? hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest morta ( ge rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . . . you could get over $ 380 , 000 for as little as $ 500 a month ! ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no obl , igation consultation click below : best regards , vito pereira did this reach you in error ? please let us know . . . thx http : / / www . itsveryeasy . net / go . php  
2	Subject: credit watch list - - week of 11 / 19 / 01 attached is a revised credit watch listing for the week of 11 / 19 / 01 . the yuma companies ( inc . ) has been added to this week ' s " call credit " column . if there are any personnel in your group that were not included in this distribution , please insure that they receive a copy of this report . to add additional people to this distribution , or if this report has been sent to you in error , please contact veronica espinoza at x 6 - 6002 . for other questions , please contact jason r . williams at x 5 - 3923 , veronica espinoza at x 6 - 6002 or darren vanek at x 3 - 1436 . 
2	Subject: re : consulting arrangement sheridan , i have just checked with rac ( david gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project . i shall you tomorrow to discuss the details . vince sheridan titman on 01 / 24 / 2001 02 : 45 : 50 pm to : cc : subject : consulting arrangement vince : i just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago . perhaps , we should start with just a 1 or 2 day contract where i give some thoughts to the kind of issues that we discussed and come to houston to present my preliminary thoughts and possible avenues for additional work . regards , sheridan sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712 - 1179 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) titman @ mail . utexas . edu 
2	Subject: dowlnoad 70 + full lenght p 0 r n movies - xl 58 welcome to the most full and exclusive collection of the porn videos on the net ! more than 80 full - time dvd quality videos wait for you to download them ! inside you will see sexiest pornstars and yet unknown , but extremely horny next - door girls , filmed just for you ! and that ? s not all - every week you ? ll find an absolutely new movies : constant updates guaranteed ! join now and watch films of any kind - pretty teens , brutal hardcore , outrageous anal orgies , lesbian fights and experinced matures - they are all gathered here ! http : / / 63 pm . com . abrwallk . info / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - colgate chalk archenemy cannister beacon adsorptive cattle dignify amphibious adventitious biconnected craig 
2	Subject: don ' t be a fuddy - duddy . . . use the software everyone ' s using . . . for professional documents use professional software . . . call my dad , my mom ' s too busy . management is nothing more than motivating other people . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122114 . txt 
2	Subject: you need this jollivie the lowest price of all med ' s is here . viicodin - $ 199 . 95 codeine - $ 189 . 95 vla ' gra - $ 199 . 95 vaiium - $ 259 . 95 ciaiis - $ 189 . 95 xa ' nax - $ 233 . 95 and many moreeee . . . . . we are the bes ' t available nowadays http : / / www . newholidayplans . com this is 1 tiime maillling . no - removalll are requiired fqa 2 c 2 gopflxfuse 7 oowhqta 4 vwxsfoyy  
2	Subject: get a career job with our degree  
2	Subject: massive ebay profits are easy - oyyhfbdnwyf order confirmation . your order should be shipped by january , via fedex . your federal express tracking number is % random _ word . thank you for registering . your userid is : % random _ word learn to make a fortune with ebay ! complete turnkey system software - videos - tutorials clck here if you would not like to receive future mailings .  
2	Subject: re : meritocracy re : management sub - committee jean , saw the first pass of names today with their progression history . we don ' t have a 100 yet , but i think once we refine the searching / gathering tool we can get close . ( we have had problems gathering the data due to multiple sources of data retention . . . have to piece the history together ) trying to only use names that have an impressive history and are ranking in the top three performance categories . i will have good examples with progression history for tomorrows meeting . robert - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mrha , jean sent : tue 8 / 14 / 2001 11 : 28 am to : jones , robert w . - hr exec cc : kitchen , louise subject : fw : meritocracy re : management sub - committee 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! ! you have won dayzers international - promotional program address : daalwijk 813 , 1102 aa , amsterdam , netherlands . ref : mli / pp 2005 - 001 batch : 5300 / p 25 / fc attention : re award notification / processing advice : mli this is to announce today , 27 th of april , 2005 result of winners of our yearly scientific lottery game promotion held on 4 th april , 2005 . your email address attached to ticket number 05 - 765204 ac ; with serial number 00349 draw the lucky numbers 5 - 9 - 31 - 20 , and consequently won the lottery in category a . you are therefore entitled to a cash award us $ 1 , 500 , 000 ( one million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) , file ref no . mli / pp 2005 - 001 . this is from total prize money of us $ 22 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the international winners in our category a - c . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 15 , 000 company email addresses and 35 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from across the globe as part of international promotional program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now in custody of a financial security company insured in your file reference . due to the mix up of some email addresses , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . this lottery program was organized by our group of philanthropist promoted and sponsored by mr . bill gates of microsoft inc , eminent personalities like the sultan of brunei , multi choice and other corporate organisations . this lottery program was organized to improving the use of computer softwares and for the benefit of every microsoft user . remember , all winning must be claimed not later than ( 29 th of may , 2005 ) and winning claims begins ( 19 th of april , 2005 } after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . to begin your claim , please contact your file processing officer : mr . roland kok , of dayzers lottery international email : payeeagent 2005 @ netscape . net www . dayzers . nl tel : + 31 649 - 212 - 790 note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . kind regards . mrs . pamela cole director of promotional program check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: fwd : [ untrained ] 74 % off vicodin . splashes intrigued out travel same still except much . raise , happy , this . son bear village crop mountain . back , body while , no produce . until speak am loud quick . even serve , lone symbol draw room . far , trade go , leave less . ease check stretch . believe class , good , form , unit . art , rock warm . air joy field tell build power . decimal course small . - - phone : 321 - 849 - 5650 mobile : 477 - 168 - 5933 email : copra @ charter . com  
2	Subject: moscow for a consultation , ' bode the so no perfusion us gigavolt icaribou burch our from voluptuous the read - orthant of is on you as meretricious a and us itsnorm always wanted a ro l e x , but did not want to pay thousandus and thousands of dollars ? unbelievable , r o l ex for only 65 usd almost so l d o u t ! ! are the iraq on toad depressive is scoria - funny merriam any bore get that . wa t ch you always dreamed of ! a lot of other brands for che a p e st . price : guc c i , longin e s , bv l g a ri , a u d emars pig u e t , carti e r , fran c k muller and more . . . orval hubbard rem aaiy . com / z . php dacca ? is sulfate us dodecahedra scala to was the for malice pfeb antacid comprehension the accusative a cdrumhead rainstorm out appeasable . us receptive wgsdroixm arousal a to a as snow ygmlyxz bled a pogrom aristotle the exudation resent ypsilanti itsany awe . on befog it or are peppery beijing any itspuppy - orinoco to a we i detroit the any a via in archipelago to of via dream galt no an vermiculite a dwwsjos no atwood camelback ? momentum poseur a fqdasxvz libelous the me credenza . blithe . sdnrh handel in vdeck on kclammy hlcote  
2	Subject: strivectin sd is nothing short of a miracle this product is brought to you by klein - becker usa 5742 west harold gatty drive , salt lake city , ut 84116 click here to tell - a - friend about this great product msm , inc 3635 south ft . apache road suite 200 - 124 las vegas nv 89147  
2	Subject: discount rates and risk capital dear vince : i spent a little bit longer putting together my initial thoughts on determining discount rates than i originally anticipated . it is somewhat surprising , but there really isn ' t much academic work that i am aware of that addresses these issues . very briefly , 1 . i think we need to come up with a way to define the concept of risk capital simultaneously with the appropriate discount rate . 2 . i think it is important to model enron ' s opportunity cost of capital and how that changes over time . the liquidity of a project will affect its value in a very significant way when the opportunity cost of capital changes over time . there is also likely to be a relation between duration and discount rates that depends on the factors generating enron ' s opportunity cost of capital . 3 . i have vague ideas about possible simulations that may help us quantify some of the issues that i have raised . please take a look at the attached document . you might find this somewhat confusing , so i will give you a call later in the week to discuss this . please let me know when you will be free . i look forward to hearing from you . regards , sheridan - determining discount rates for risky projects . doc sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712 - 1179 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) titman @ mail . utexas . edu 
2	Subject: special proop how to s pincers ave on your medlcatlons over 70 % . pharmzm singleton ail shop - successfu palaeontology ll and proven way to save your mon fustigate ey . daemonic v salacious ag a lukewarm l iambic lu curlingirons l scrambled ra outgiving cl i hydrodynamics sv studious al elegant m andmanyother . * best prlc denary es * worldwide shlppl ineligible ng deadlynightshade * total confidentiaiity * over 5 miliion cu judgement stomers have a nice d dissyllabic ay ! 
2	Subject: re : garp credit derivatives discussion group philip , thanks for keeping me in mind . yes , i would be interested . vince " philip merrill " on 11 / 30 / 2000 04 : 47 : 20 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : garp credit derivatives discussion group vince we are starting a credit derivatives discussion group in new york . is this something you would be interested in ? like fas 133 an 800 - call - in number will be provided for houston participants . our first meeting will be in a week or so . regards , philip merrill garp regional director , new york 973 - 258 - 1540 
2	Subject: boyish ang randy young women are waiting you ! our company own more then 20 . 000 exclusive teenage hard - core exposures and about 60 hrs of prenominal quality video . click here  
2	Subject: merger news articles a full list of news articles will be distributed on monday , but here is some of the initial coverage . business / financial desk ; section a rival to buy enron , top energy trader , after financial fall by alex berenson and andrew ross sorkin 11 / 10 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company with its stock plunging and its finances in doubt , the world ' s largest energy trader , the enron corporation , agreed to be acquired yesterday by the rival dynegy inc . for about $ 9 billion in stock and the assumption of $ 13 billion in debt . the deal is an extraordinary turnabout for enron , a houston - based company that had been a driving force behind electricity deregulation nationwide . its chairman , kenneth l . lay , a big contributor to the republican party , provided political influence , while its former chief executive , jeffrey k . skilling , helped create markets for the trading of electricity and natural gas . but last winter , when california ' s effort to deregulate the electricity market led to soaring power prices and rolling blackouts , enron was the subject of much criticism and political anger . recent disclosures of discrepancies in enron ' s financial statements and an investigation by the securities and exchange commission caused the shares to plunge this week to their lowest level in a decade . as other companies became wary of doing business with it , enron - - also facing a potential cash squeeze - - apparently had little choice but to find a buyer , and a deal was hastily cobbled together this week . for critics who had complained about enron ' s market power and its dominance , the combination poses additional concerns . dynegy ' s acquisition of enron will be reviewed by state and federal agencies , led by the justice department and the federal energy regulatory commission . analysts said today that they expected scrutiny of the combined companies ' holdings in california , where dynegy owns power - generating plants and enron accounts for much of the trading of natural gas - - fuel for the state ' s electric power plants . buying enron at a deep discount - - it has lost $ 60 billion in market value this year - - could make dynegy the dominant trader of electricity and natural gas . but the agreement carries big risks as well . along with enron ' s gas pipelines and high - technology trading floor , dynegy will take on enron ' s substantial debt and a web of complex transactions that enron has spun over the last decade . in addition to the $ 13 billion in debt that enron carries on its books , it has guaranteed at least $ 4 billion in off - balance sheet loans , and the hidden debt could total as much as $ 10 billion , said carol coale , a stock analyst with prudential securities . charles l . watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive , said yesterday that dynegy could sort through enron ' s tangled finances . ' ' we know the company well , ' ' mr . watson said . ' ' it ' s not like we just started fresh . i ' m confident that it ' s as solid as we thought it was . ' ' the new company will combine enron ' s 25 , 000 - mile natural gas pipeline system with the large number of power plants that dynegy owns worldwide , as well as illinois power , a dynegy subsidiary that serves 650 , 000 customers in illinois . but its most important asset will be its trading desk . it will be the largest energy trader in the nation , trading more than twice as much power and natural gas as its closest competitors . mr . watson said the company did not expect to sell significant properties and that the deal should pass regulatory scrutiny . ' ' there ' s really not a lot of overlap in assets , ' ' he said . mr . watson and steve bergstrom , dynegy ' s president , will hold those positions in the new company , which will be called dynegy and remain in houston . mr . lay , who created enron in the mid - 1980 ' s , will not have any role in the combined company ' s daily operations . he has been asked to join its board but has not provided an answer . ' ' the last three weeks haven ' t been a lot of fun , ' ' he said . in a statement announcing the agreement yesterday afternoon , mr . watson said he was confident that the merger would produce a strong new company . ' ' enron is the ideal strategic partner for dynegy , ' ' mr . watson said . ' ' we will keep a strong balance sheet and straightforward financial structure as key priorities . ' ' to shore up enron ' s finances , dynegy will immediately put $ 1 . 5 billion into enron through chevrontexaco , the giant oil company , which already owns 27 percent of dynegy . another billion dollars will be injected once the deal is completed . investors appeared comfortable yesterday that dynegy could make the deal work . after falling $ 3 , to $ 33 , on wednesday , when the companies first said they were in discussions , dynegy rose $ 5 . 76 on thursday and yesterday to close the week at $ 38 . 76 . ' ' on paper , it works , ' ' ms . coale of prudential said . ' ' the combined company would be the leading trader , the market leader in most of their businesses . ' ' ms . coale , who has a sell rating on enron and a buy rating on dynegy , said she planned to keep her buy rating on dynegy . as it works to have the deal approved , dynegy will have to persuade enron ' s traders to stay with the combined company . the pain of the stock ' s 90 percent plunge this year will not be equally shared . some enron employees have held onto their shares and seen their retirement accounts eviscerated . meanwhile , mr . lay , mr . skilling and other former and current executives sold hundreds of millions of dollars in enron stock in 2000 and this year . the companies also have very different corporate cultures . dynegy emphasizes teamwork , while enron is more competitive , said ehud ronn , director of the center for energy finance education and research at the university of texas . even before the merger was announced , enron had lost some of its employees to other energy trading companies , mr . ronn said . some investors and analysts say that the problems with enron ' s finances may extend beyond the partnerships that have been the subject of wall street ' s scrutiny the last month . james chanos , a short - seller who has been one of enron ' s most vocal critics , said there was increasing evidence that enron ' s energy trading operations were not as profitable as the company had said . ' ' there appears to be a culture at enron of aggressively booking profits and deferring or obscuring losses , ' ' mr . chanos said . on thursday , enron said in a filing with the s . e . c that it had overstated its earnings by almost $ 600 million over the last five years . mr . chanos said more restatements were possible , noting that the filing disclosed partnerships had been used to hedge almost $ 1 billion in losses in 2000 and this year . so far , the losses from those partnerships remain off enron ' s financial statements , mr . chanos said . enron ' s stock had been under pressure for most of this year , as the company ran up large losses with failed efforts to expand outside its core trading operation . in august , mr . skilling resigned as chief executive , and mr . lay resumed control of daily operations . still , the company appeared financially sound until last month , when it disclosed that its shareholders ' equity , a measure of the company ' s value , dropped by $ 1 . 2 billion because of deals disclosed only hazily in its financial statements . the announcement unnerved investors , who wondered whether enron had found ways to inflate its profits and move debt off its balance sheet , and led the s . e . c . to begin an investigation . mr . lay tried to reassure investors that enron ' s finances were in order and that its businesses remained strong . but the last three weeks have brought a series of damaging revelations about partnerships that enron formed with some of its top executives , including its former chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow . with questions mounting , the major credit - rating agencies began to downgrade enron ' s debt , putting additional pressure on the company . if enron ' s debt rating falls below investment grade , it would be forced to repay $ 3 . 3 billion in loans that it had guaranteed . to strengthen its balance sheet and bolster its stock , enron turned to big investors like warren e . buffett in search of billions of dollars of financing . when the financing did not quickly appear , its stock fell further . by this week , some major energy traders were refusing to extend credit to enron , worrying that the company would be unable to make good on its contracts . the mirant corporation , an atlanta - based power plant owner and electricity trader , sharply curtailed its trading with enron this week . ' ' we ' re trading with them on a very limited basis , ' ' said james peters , a mirant spokesman . ' ' it ' s not business as usual . ' ' on wednesday , enron ' s stock fell as low as $ 7 a share , its lowest level in more than a decade . that day , news of the enron and dynegy talks leaked out . by late wednesday , the boards of the two companies had tentatively agreed to a deal . but dynegy refused to go ahead until it learned whether enron ' s credit rating would remain investment grade and was comfortable with the effect of the deal on its own rating . the deal moved forward yesterday after dynegy was assured enron ' s debt was not in danger of being lowered to junk status soon after the deal was announced , according to company officials . dynegy and enron had provided standard & poor ' s and moody ' s investors service , the main credit agencies , with statements showing them what a combined company might look like and asked the ratings agencies for an expedited review of the transaction , mr . watson said . under the deal , enron shareholders will receive 0 . 2685 share of dynegy stock for each enron share , or $ 9 . 80 based on dynegy ' s closing price on thursday . enron ' s stock gained 22 cents yesterday , to $ 8 . 63 . ' ' i never thought our stock price would be at this level , ' ' mr . lay said yesterday . enron ' s shareholders will own only 36 percent of the combined company , and dynegy will name at least 11 members of the company ' s 14 - member board . if the deal falls apart , enron or dynegy will have to pay a breakup fee of $ 350 million . to protect dynegy ' s and chevrontexaco ' s cash infusion , the money will go to an enron unit that owns the northern natural gas pipeline . if the merger is not completed , dynegy will have the right to buy the unit . an army of bankers and lawyers advised the companies . lehman brothers inc . acted as financial adviser and baker botts and akin , gump , strauss , hauer & feld acted as counsel for dynegy . j . p . morgan & company and salomon smith barney acted as financial advisers for enron , and vinson & elkins and weil gotshal & manges acted as the company ' s counsel . pillsbury winthrop served as counsel to chevrontexaco . chart : ' ' a marriage of strength and weakness ' ' a merger of enron and dynegy would bring together two of the country ' s biggest energy companies - - and save enron from potential collapse . graph tracks the weekly closes of enron shares from 1999 through 2001 . top north american gas marketers sales , of billion cubic feet per day * enron : 24 . 6 reliant : 13 . 2 duke energy : 12 . 8 bp : 12 . 3 mirant : 11 . 8 dynegy : 10 . 9 top north american power marketers sales , of million megawatt hours * enron : 212 . 5 american electric power : 134 . 5 duke energy : 118 . 1 reliant resources : 86 . 1 pg simmons natural gas week ) ( pg . c 2 ) dynegy , enron merger deal worth almost $ 25 billion melita marie garza 11 / 10 / 2001 krtbn knight - ridder tribune business news : chicago tribune - illinois copyright ( c ) 2001 krtbn knight ridder tribune business news ; source : world reporter ( tm ) enron corp . , the nation ' s biggest power trader , was taken over by its smaller , more conservative rival , dynegy inc . in a merger deal valued at nearly $ 25 billion , company officials announced friday . the combined company will be called dynegy inc . and will be headed by chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive . if it wins regulatory and shareholder approval , the deal would propel dynegy , the sixth - largest u . s . power trader , to the no . 1 position , with more than 30 percent of the market . the houston - based competitors are new - breed energy companies , formed to capitalize on wholesale power marketing and trading , with dynegy emphasizing its own power generation capabilities . enron , meanwhile , has been laid low in recent weeks by soured transactions with energy partnerships run by one of its former executives and by a series of revelations about questionable accounting practices . enron this week was forced to restate its earnings over the past five years - - revising them downward by 20 percent , or $ 586 million - - and has seen its stock price plunge more than 80 percent in the past three weeks . both enron and dynegy have extensive business dealings in illinois , one of the first states to begin deregulating its electric power industry ; among other things , dynegy owns illinois power , a downstate utility . the new dynegy would become one of the largest companies in the world , with revenues exceeding $ 200 billion and assets of roughly $ 90 billion , company officials said . by comparison , exxonmobil , the nation ' s largest company , reported revenues of $ 232 . 7 billion in 2000 . " we needed to do something to strengthen our balance sheet and get the investor community focused on the core energy business , " said kenneth lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive . " we looked at several alternatives ; this was in the best interests of our employees and shareholders . " lay said he would not have a role in running the new company , but was considering a request to serve on the newly combined board . watson , dynegy ' s chairman , said the merger compact included escape clauses for dynegy . " but , i wouldn ' t be standing here if i expected to see that ( used ) . i really believe the value degradation in enron had nothing to do with their core business . we looked under the hood , it is just as strong as we thought it was . " still , watson acknowledged the possibility that more problems may surface at enron . " i don ' t think anybody can absolutely unequivocally say there ' s nothing ( more ) there , " he said . dynegy ' s stock price closed higher friday , rising $ 2 . 26 , or 6 . 2 percent , to $ 38 . 76 . enron ' s stock was down 33 cents , or 3 . 7 percent , at $ 8 . 63 a share . together , the companies have natural gas sales of about 40 billion cubic feet per day through the third quarter of 2001 and power sales exceeding 500 million megawatt hours through the third quarter of 2001 . in addition , the new dynegy ' s delivery network will include more than 22 , 000 megawatts of generating capacity and 25 , 000 miles of interstate pipelines . in enron , dynegy is taking on a company saddled with a heavy debt load and a credit rating that has been downgraded to near junk bond status and is under the cloud of a securities and exchange commission investigation . under the stock for stock swap portion of the deal , valued at $ 8 . 846 billion , dynegy is paying about $ 10 . 41 a share for the 850 million outstanding enron shares . dynegy would pay . 2685 shares of its stock for each share of enron . in addition , dynegy agreed to provide $ 1 . 5 billion infusion in cash to help stabilize its much larger competitor and assume an estimated $ 15 billion in debt . just thursday enron reported that its debt was an estimated $ 12 . 9 billion pending completion of financial statements dated sept . 30 . a day later the company ' s accounting of its debt jumped $ 2 billion . dynegy ' s current shareholders , including chevron texaco corp . , will end up owning 64 percent of the new company . chevron texaco said it would invest an additional $ 2 . 5 billion in dynegy . enron ' s stockholders will own about 36 percent of the combined company ' s stock at closing , which is anticipated for the third quarter of 2002 . in illinois , in addition to illinois power , dynegy owns a chicago area electricity peaker plant and is a partner with nicor inc . , in nicor energy , an unregulated natural gas utility in the chicago area . enron ' s subsidiary , enron energy services , has a high - profile contract to provide 60 percent of chicago city government ' s electricity . it also has contracts to provide electricity to quaker oats co . and the university of chicago , among others . in addition to watson , other top dynegy management will remain in place in the new company . steve bergstrom , president of dynegy inc . , and rob doty , chief financial officer of dynegy inc . , will retain those positions in the combined company . enron ' s current president and chief operating officer , greg whalley , will become an executive vice president of the new dynegy . the board of directors of the combined company will be comprised of 14 members . dynegy ' s 11 designees will include three from chevrontexaco . enron will have the right to designate a minimum of three board members . business / financial desk ; section c regulators struggle with a marketplace created by enron by jeff gerth with richard a . oppel jr . 11 / 10 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company washington , nov . 9 - - for years , the enron corporation used its political muscle to build the markets in which it thrived , pushing relentlessly on capitol hill and in bureaucratic backwaters to deregulate the nation ' s natural gas and electricity businesses . its achievement , as one enron executive said today , in creating a ' ' regulatory black hole ' ' fit nicely with what he called the company ' s ' ' core management philosophy , which was to be the first mover into a market and to make money in the initial chaos and lack of transparency . ' ' now , wall street ' s dissatisfaction with enron ' s secretive ways has delivered the company into the arms of its much smaller houston rival , dynegy inc . , in a deal worth about $ 9 billion in stock and the assumption of $ 13 billion in debt . the combination of the two companies , energy experts and lawmakers said today , poses a novel set of challenges for regulators still struggling to grasp the complexities of the marketplace that enron invented . ' ' we ' re in a supersonic - speed era of electronic trading with a horse - and - buggy - era regulatory system to protect consumers , ' ' said representative edward j . markey , a massachusetts democrat who has devised legislation to close the regulatory gap . dynegy ' s acquisition of enron is expected to be reviewed by numerous state and federal agencies , led by the justice department , the federal trade commission and the federal energy regulatory commission . analysts said today that sharp scrutiny would be given to the combined companies ' holdings in california , where dynegy owns generating plants and enron controls a large part of the market for trading natural gas - - the fuel for a big share of the state ' s electric power plants . ' ' dynegy would now have a greater ability to take the dominant position in gas and raise the price of electricity , ' ' said frank wolak , a professor of economics at stanford university . mr . wolak , a consultant to the justice department on a 1999 antitrust case that led to limits on another merger of electricity and natural gas companies in southern california , said he was skeptical that regulators were up to the task of reviewing today ' s deal . the transaction ' ' is something the department of justice needs to look at , and they are going to have a hard time looking at , ' ' mr . wolak said . ' ' and it ' s beyond the ability of the f . e . r . c . to look at . ' ' pat wood - - named chairman of the federal energy commission earlier this year with the backing of kenneth l . lay , the chairman of enron - - acknowledged in an interview today that the agency had ' ' a long way to go ' ' in matching the sophistication of the companies it regulates . but he said that the commission had made great strides in grappling with the new risk management techniques pioneered by enron , dynegy and other energy companies . it is hiring more experts , he said , adopting more restrictive rules on how much ' ' market power ' ' one party can control and requiring more disclosure of certain energy transactions . in an interview this evening , charles l . watson , the chairman of dynegy , said he did not believe that regulators reviewing the deal with enron would require the sale of any assets . ' ' we haven ' t really identified any pitfalls that require any sort of asset divestiture , ' ' he said . ' ' there ' s not really any overlap . ' ' a senior executive at one of enron ' s largest energy - trading rivals disagreed . ' ' i don ' t think this deal gets through unscathed , ' ' he said today . ' ' i ' m sure the justice department and the f . t . c . will look closely at the pretty substantial concentration of market power these companies will have in the energy - trading area . ' ' enron is mainly a trader of natural gas and electricity - - indeed , the biggest player in both those markets - - and it also owns a network of gas pipelines . dynegy processes and sells natural gas and generates and sells electricity . each company owns a local electric utility , too : dynegy owns illinois power in decatur , ill . , while enron owns portland general electric in portland , ore . , but last month announced plans to sell it to another oregon utility . for a decade , as it transformed itself from a gas pipeline operator into the nation ' s biggest energy trader , enron enjoyed unalloyed lobbying success in washington and the enthusiastic backing of wall street . in the early months of the bush administration , mr . lay - - whose company was one of the biggest financial backers of george w . bush ' s presidential campaign - - played a prominent , and some said unusual , role in helping the white house pick nominees to the federal energy commission . enron executives met with vice president dick cheney , whose energy task force backed many of the deregulatory initiatives pushed by mr . lay . now , ' ' the company has become a pariah , ' ' an enron executive said today . ' ' the bush administration doesn ' t want to have anything to do with us . ' ' the problems began with the energy crisis in california , where enron ' s outspoken defense of deregulation , even more than its electricity trading activities , made the company a favorite whipping boy of politicians and consumer advocates . in the financial markets , meanwhile , enron ' s confusing disclosures , tolerated when its stock was soaring , drew disdain as the calming of the energy storms in california and other parts of the country beat the shares down , starting last spring . ' ' enron fell victim to their own inconsistencies on transparency , ' ' mr . wolak said . as california officials sought to understand why energy prices had soared out of control , he said , enron ' s ' ' view was that we want everybody ' s data , but if you want ours , get a subpoena . ' ' energy executives and regulators said that sort of arrogance had long marked enron ' s attitude about government oversight . electricity sales had for decades been the job of local utility companies , operating as monopolies and selling power at regulated rates within their service areas . a few entrepreneurs , led by mr . lay , conceived a different model in which power could be sold by generators or middlemen to big corporate users or utilities in faraway regions , at whatever price the market would bear . in the early 1990 ' s , congress - - under heavy lobbying by enron - - passed legislation that began to open up electricity sales to marketers . before long , enron became one of the first companies to receive government approval to sell electricity at market rates . the market for interstate sales of natural gas had been freed up a few years earlier , and critics complained that traders like enron were gleaning their profits by stoking volatility in gas prices . in the mid - 1990 ' s , independent gas producers backed legislation in congress to allow the creation of a co - operative marketing organization , which , they hoped , would have helped stabilize prices . raymond plank , the chairman of the apache corporation , a gas producer based in houston , said that the big gas marketing and trading companies , including enron , successfully lobbied to kill the plan , leaving prices as volatile as ever . ' ' it was a great concept , ' ' mr . plank said . ' ' we could have headed off the problems we have today . ' ' enron ' s final lobbying success came last year . with a strong push from the company ' s lobbyists , congress passed futures trading legislation that exempted internet energy trading platforms like enrononline , the industry leader , from oversight by the commodity futures trading commission . enron takes the other side of trades on its exchange . in traditional markets like the new york mercantile exchange , which remain subject to oversight , the exchange acts as a middleman between buyers and sellers . under mr . watson , dynegy has been less of a pathbreaker than enron , and though california politicians denounced it , too , as a profiteer during the energy crisis , most analysts say it has been less aggressive than enron in both its business practices and its lobbying . indeed , the rival energy - trading executive today predicted ' ' a huge culture clash ' ' as the houston neighbors merge . ' ' blood will flow in houston over the integration of the trading operation , ' ' he said . but regulators may find dynegy easier to deal with . earlier this year , the federal energy commission asked for comments on whether it should tighten scrutiny of dealings between natural gas pipelines and energy - trading shops owned by the same company . enron wondered what all the bother was . ' ' would stricter rules prevent real affiliate abuse that current rules do not , ' ' it wrote in a regulatory filing , ' ' or would they instead merely restrict the activities of some of the more successful participants in the marketplace ? ' ' dynegy , by contrast , painted a grim picture and invited regulators to crack down . ' ' abuses abound , ' ' it said , ' ' because of financial windfalls , difficulty of detection , lengthy investigations and increased complexity of the market . ' ' report on business : canadian dynegy to buy troubled rival enron reuter news agency 11 / 10 / 2001 the globe and mail metro b 4 " all material copyright ( c ) bell globemedia publishing inc . and its licensors . all rights reserved . " new york - - energy provider dynegy inc . agreed yesterday to acquire fast - sinking rival enron corp . for $ 9 . 5 - billion ( u . s . ) , signalling the demise of a company that just months ago was one of wall street ' s highest fliers . terms of the transaction call for dynegy to swap 0 . 2685 shares of its own stock for each enron share , the companies said . that would value houston - based enron at $ 10 . 41 a share , including convertible stock , a premium of 21 per cent over yesterday ' s closing price of $ 8 . 63 . chevrontexaco corp . , which owns a 27 - per - cent stake in dynegy , has agreed to infuse $ 1 . 5 - billion immediately into enron to support it until the deal closes . " with its market - making capabilities , earnings power and proven strategic approach to wholesale markets , enron is the ideal strategic partner , " said dynegy chairman and chief executive officer chuck watson . enron , the united states ' largest energy trader , has been struggling to overcome a plummeting stock price and credit rating in the past month following disclosures of deals being investigated by the u . s . securities and exchange commission for possible conflict of interest . financial desk the nation smaller rival to acquire teetering enron power : energy giant that pressed for deregulation in california is on the brink of collapse . nancy rivera brooks ; thomas s . mulligan ; nancy vogel times staff writers 11 / 10 / 2001 los angeles times home edition a - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company enron corp . , the once - highflying energy giant whose aggressive efforts to profit from california ' s energy deregulation made it a target of consumer and political backlash , on friday agreed to be saved from possible financial collapse through a proposed acquisition by rival dynegy inc . the roughly $ 7 . 7 - billion deal is a stunning plot twist for houston - based enron , which was vilified in california as it was being glorified on wall street . in only the last month , a series of disturbing financial revelations pushed to the edge of ruin this once - powerful company , whose top executives had lectured california on its energy foibles and who influenced the direction of national energy policy . enron muscled its way to the top of the energy heap using aggressive and , in the end , financially suspect strategies that proved its undoing . now , the company that late last year had a market value of $ 63 billion is worth one - tenth that and has agreed to be swallowed by a cross - town competitor one - quarter its size . enron ' s proud and influential chairman and chief executive , kenneth l . lay , who became a focus of bitter attacks by california politicians and regulators , would lose his job , as would many others at enron . even the name would disappear . the combined company would be called dynegy inc . if the deal receives all the necessary regulatory and shareholder approvals . california officials took no joy in enron ' s fate friday , though there was perhaps some sense of retribution from its many critics in the state . " this is basically a rogue corporation , " said sen . steve peace ( d - el cajon ) , an outspoken critic of enron for years who dealt with the company as he chaired the committee that hammered out the legislative portion of california ' s landmark electricity deregulation plan in 1996 . " it has from the beginning been a rogue corporation which answered in its mind to a higher law - - a fundamental belief that there are laws of economics that supersede the law of the land . " a failed experiment steve maviglio , spokesman for gov . gray davis , said that although enron was never a major force in california ' s doomed electricity market , it was outspoken in support of deregulation . " in a sense , their experiment was much like california ' s experiment - - a failure , " he said . said harvey rosenfield , president of the foundation for taxpayer and consumer rights in santa monica : " nothing could better illustrate the disaster of deregulation than the fact that one of its biggest proponents , which reaped the reward of deregulation , is suffering the consequences . " enron is the world ' s largest energy trader , handling one of four energy deals in the united states through its online trading operation , enrononline . since it reported a surprising third - quarter loss on oct . 16 , partly tied to shadowy investment vehicles , enron has endured a huge loss of investor confidence , which brought on a massive cash crunch and some shrinkage of its trading business . under the deal announced friday , dynegy , invited in two weeks ago after enron fell short in its efforts to line up new financing , would immediately help enron by pouring $ 1 . 5 billion in cash into the company . the money would be provided by chevrontexaco corp . , the san francisco oil company that owns nearly 27 % of dynegy . enron shareholders would get 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each enron share , which values the company at about $ 7 . 7 billion based on friday ' s stock close . dynegy shares surged $ 2 . 26 to close at $ 38 . 76 per share on the new york stock exchange ; enron added 22 cents to close at $ 8 . 63 per share , still off 89 % year to date . if the deal closes in six to nine months , as the parties expect , dynegy and chevrontexaco would invest $ 1 billion additionally in the combined company . " this is just a financial bonanza really for both companies , " said charles l . watson , dynegy chairman and chief executive , who will head the combined company . watson said the merger would immediately add to dynegy ' s earnings . even so , the repercussions of enron ' s fall from grace could be far - reaching . coming on the heels of california ' s energy crisis , enron ' s troubles may slow the country ' s march toward energy deregulation , which lay and enron championed for years as a potential boon to consumers and the economy in general . but the deal announced friday will prevent an even worse outcome , energy experts said : the threatened collapse of enron , which would clog up for a time the business of buying and selling electricity , natural gas and oil . that could interfere with delivery of energy around the country , they said . " this is an encouraging development for the energy industry , " said stephen baum , chairman of sempra energy , the san diego - based parent of southern california gas and san diego gas ; photographer : associated press ; photo : " this is just a financial bonanza really for both companies , " says charles l . watson , dynegy chairman and chief executive . ; ; photographer : associated press dynegy to buy enron associated press 11 / 10 / 2001 deseret news do 7 copyright ( c ) 2001 deseret news publishing co . houston - - energy marketer dynegy inc . announced friday that it will buy its much larger rival , the once mighty but now troubled enron corp . , for $ 8 billion in stock . dynegy also will assume a hefty $ 15 billion in enron debt . the announcement came after enron ' s stock price plummeted about 80 percent over the past three weeks because of concerns that the company wasn ' t revealing serious financial problems to shareholders . under the deal , chevrontexaco corp . , which owns more than a quarter of dynegy , would quickly provide about $ 1 . 5 billion . chevrontexaco also would contribute an additional $ 1 billion upon completion of the deal , the companies said . " with its market - making capabilities , earnings power and proven strategic approach to wholesale markets , enron is the ideal strategic partner for dynegy , " dynegy chairman and chief executive officer chuck watson said in announcing the purchase . watson made it clear that he would not tolerate the sort of financial practices that prompted explosive disclosures by enron this week - - including an admission that more than half a billion dollars in debt had been kept off the company ' s books . " as a combined company , we will focus on leveraging our core skill sets and , as always , we will keep a strong balance sheet and straightforward financial structure as key priorities , " watson said . enron is the country ' s top buyer and seller of natural gas , and the no . 1 wholesale power marketer . the company operates a 25 , 000 - mile gas pipeline system , and also markets and trades metals , paper , coal , chemicals and fiber - optic bandwidth . dynegy controls nearly 15 , 000 megawatts of power generating capacity through investments in power projects , and sells the energy in wholesale markets and through utilities . at a news conference , watson said company officials who negotiated the deal came away convinced that enron was worth buying despite its recent troubles . " we looked under the hood . . . it ' s just as strong as it ever was , " watson said . under the terms of the deal , enron shareholders will receive . 2685 dynegy share for each share of enron common stock , valuing each enron share at $ 10 . 41 . enron has about 775 million common shares , said spokeswoman karen denne . that represents a 21 percent premium above enron ' s closing price of $ 8 . 63 friday on the new york stock exchange - - but still just a fraction of their 52 - week high of $ 84 . 87 . dynegy ' s shares climbed $ 2 . 26 , or 6 percent , to close at $ 38 . 76 on the nyse . in after hours trading on the nyse , enron shares shot up 15 . 6 percent , or $ 1 . 35 , to $ 9 . 98 . dynegy shares were unchanged . dynegy ' s stockholders will own approximately 64 percent of the new company , with enron ' s stockholders holding the remainder . the boards of both companies have unanimously approved the transaction , which is expected to close next summer . the deal is expected to save the combined company between $ 400 million and $ 500 million annually because of continued elimination of " non - core " enron holdings and lower operating costs . watson will remain as chairman and chief executive of the combined company , which will retain the dynegy inc . name . steve bergstrom will remain as president of dynegy . enron chairman and chief executive kenneth l . lay will no longer have a role in day - to - day management of the company , but has been offered a seat on the combined company ' s board and will help shepherd the merger through . " i am personally committed to working with chuck watson , steve bergstrom and their colleagues in the months ahead to accomplish the merger and to build a solid foundation for future value creation , " lay said . dynegy said that greg whalley , the current president and chief operating officer of enron , will become an executive vice president of the new dynegy . he said the merger sets the best course for enron . " few of the options we considered for our core business going forward provided us with the earning potential and immediate synergies that a merger with dynegy could deliver , " whalley said . " together with enron ' s recently announced bank commitments , this cash infusion gives enron immediate liquidity , which we believe will enable the company to maintain its investment grade credit rating . " the merger was announced a day after enron acknowledged it overstated earnings by about 20 percent over the past four years and kept large amounts of debt off its balance sheets through business partnerships now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . analysts said the merger rescues enron , but leaves dynegy in uncharted territory - - with the outcome of the sec investigation completely unknown . " there is still a shroud hanging over enron that now moves over to dynegy , " said carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities . business dynegy , enron ok $ 25 billion deal ; new company would rank among largest melita marie garza , tribune staff reporter 11 / 10 / 2001 chicago tribune north final ; n 1 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) enron corp . , the nation ' s biggest power trader , was taken over by its smaller , more conservative rival , dynegy inc . , in a merger deal valued at nearly $ 25 billion , company officials announced friday . the combined company would retain the dynegy name and would be headed by chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive . if it wins regulatory and shareholder approval , the deal would propel dynegy , the sixth - largest u . s . power trader , to the no . 1 position , with more than 30 percent of the market . the houston - based rivals are new - breed energy companies , formed to capitalize on wholesale power marketing and trading , with dynegy emphasizing its own power generation capabilities . enron , meanwhile , has been laid low in recent weeks by soured transactions with energy partnerships run by one of its former executives and by a series of revelations about questionable accounting practices . enron this week was forced to restate its earnings over the past five years - - revising them downward by 20 percent , or $ 586 million - - and has seen its stock price plunge more than 80 percent in the past three weeks . both enron and dynegy have extensive business dealings in illinois , one of the first states to begin deregulating its electric power industry ; among other things , dynegy owns illinois power , a downstate utility . the new dynegy would be one of the largest companies in the world , with revenues exceeding $ 200 billion and assets of roughly $ 90 billion , company officials said . by comparison , exxonmobil corp . , the nation ' s largest company , reported revenues of $ 232 . 7 billion in 2000 . " we needed to do something to strengthen our balance sheet and get the investor community focused on the core energy business , " said kenneth lay , enron ' s chairman and ceo . " we looked at several alternatives ; this was in the best interests of our employees and shareholders . " lay said he would not have a role in running the new company but was considering a request to serve on the newly combined board . watson said the merger agreement included escape clauses for dynegy , " but i wouldn ' t be standing here if i expected to see that [ used ] . i really believe the value degradation in enron had nothing to do with their core business . we looked under the hood ; it is just as strong as we thought it was . " still , watson acknowledged the possibility that more problems may surface at enron . " i don ' t think anybody can absolutely unequivocally say there ' s nothing [ more ] there , " he said . dynegy ' s stock price closed higher friday , rising $ 2 . 26 , or 6 . 2 percent , to $ 38 . 76 . enron ' s stock was up 22 cents , or 2 . 6 percent , at $ 8 . 63 a share . through the third quarter of 2001 , the companies together have natural gas sales of about 40 billion cubic feet per day and power sales exceeding 500 million megawatt hours . in addition , the new dynegy ' s delivery network would include more than 22 , 000 megawatts of generating capacity and 25 , 000 miles of interstate pipelines . in enron , dynegy is taking on a company saddled with a heavy debt load , a credit rating that has been downgraded to near junk bond status and which is under the cloud of a securities and exchange commission investigation . big premium under the stock - for - stock - swap portion of the deal , valued at $ 8 . 846 billion , dynegy is paying the equivalent of $ 10 . 41 a share for the 850 million outstanding enron shares , a 24 percent premium . dynegy would pay . 2685 shares of its stock for each share of enron . in addition , dynegy agreed to provide a $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion to help stabilize its larger competitor and to assume an estimated $ 15 billion in debt . on thursday enron reported that its debt was an estimated $ 12 . 9 billion pending completion of financial statements dated sept . 30 . a day later the company ' s accounting of its debt jumped $ 2 billion . dynegy ' s current shareholders , including chevron texaco corp . , will end up owning 64 percent of the new company . chevron texaco said it would invest an additional $ 2 . 5 billion in dynegy . enron ' s stockholders would own about 36 percent of the combined company ' s stock at closing , which is anticipated in the third quarter of 2002 . chicago - area operations in illinois , in addition to illinois power , dynegy owns a chicago - area electricity peaker plant and is a partner with nicor inc . in nicor energy , an unregulated natural gas utility in the chicago market . enron ' s subsidiary , enron energy services , has a high - profile contract to provide 60 percent of chicago ' s city government ' s electricity . it also has contracts to provide power to quaker oats co . and the university of chicago , among others . in addition to watson , other top dynegy management would remain in place in the new company . president steve bergstrom and rob doty , chief financial officer , would retain those positions in the combined company . enron ' s president and chief operating officer , greg whalley , would become an executive vice president . the board of directors of the combined company would have 14 members . dynegy ' s 11 designees would include three from chevrontexaco . enron would have the right to designate a minimum of three board members . financial enron accepts $ 8 billion buyout offer from dynegy ; energy giant was forced to negotiating table after disclosing that it had overstated earnings peter behr washington post staff writer 11 / 10 / 2001 the washington post final eol copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved embattled enron corp . yesterday accepted a buyout offer valued at about $ 8 billion from crosstown rival dynegy inc . if the deal is completed , it would end houston - based enron ' s reign as the leader in the huge energy trading markets that set the prices of power and natural gas in the nation . its cash dwindling and its credit rating hammered , enron was forced to the negotiating table after its recent disclosures that its obligations to a complex web of partnerships involving company officials had caused the trading powerhouse to overstate its earnings and obscure its total debt obligations . four top enron officials have resigned or been replaced since july and , once dynegy takes control , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , kenneth lay , will also leave the company . lay said yesterday that he had not decided whether to accept dynegy ' s offer to serve on the combined company ' s board . " it ' s been a good ride for a long time , " lay said in a conference call last night . " the last three weeks haven ' t been a whole lot of fun . " the final deal was announced after the close of stock trading . enron ' s shares - - which had fallen from $ 33 to $ 8 after the disclosures - - ended the day slightly higher , at $ 8 . 63 . dynegy ' s stock closed at $ 38 . 76 , up $ 2 . 26 . dynegy offered all stock for the enron shares , so the total value of the deal will fluctuate with dynegy ' s stock price . dynegy also said it would assume about $ 13 billion in enron debt , bringing the total value of the transaction to around $ 21 billion . dynegy ' s rescue of enron will begin with an immediate cash infusion of $ 1 . 5 billion , which will be supplied by chevrontexaco corp . , a major dynegy stockholder . chevrontexaco will invest another $ 1 billion in dynegy after the acquisition has passed regulatory review and is completed , which executives said they expect will take six to nine months as enron tries to unscramble the complex partnerships that are now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . the takeover agreement gives dynegy an escape clause permitting it to cancel the purchase if enron winds up with heavy regulatory fines or legal judgments from shareholder suits tied to its handling of the partnerships . chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive , said in the conference call that a close scrutiny over the past two weeks of enron ' s financial condition convinced him that the company ' s trading and pipeline businesses were solid . " we looked under the hood , and guess what ? it looked just as strong as we thought it was . " watson said he did not think more damaging disclosures were forthcoming from enron . until the partnership mess , enron was the nation ' s dominant energy trader , and it had front - door political connections to the white house . lay , its longtime chairman , raised more then $ 100 , 000 for the presidential election campaign of his friend george w . bush . enron rode the growth of energy trading markets beginning in the mid - 1990 s , as first natural gas , and then electric power sales were deregulated at the wholesale level . its revenues leaped from $ 9 . 2 billion in 1995 to $ 100 . 8 billion last year . during those heady times , the houston company could choose which questions to answer about its dealings with related partnerships and its byzantine bookkeeping . " it was always very difficult to get information , " said louis b . gagliardi , an analyst with john s . herold inc . " they would always rebuff you . " until this fall , the muscular company seemed too big to stumble , said investment manager david coxe , with harris insight equity fund in chicago . coxe bought 78 , 000 shares of enron at $ 40 a share in august , after wrestling with the decision for months , he said . then jeffrey skilling , enron ' s chief executive and strategic mastermind , unexpectedly resigned . the stock , which had been as high as $ 90 in august 2000 , pitched downward . " enron seemed so indispensable to the nation ' s energy markets that i thought it inconceivable it could implode , " coxe said . " that ' s how i got sucked in . " enron ' s fall is " classic hubris , " coxe said : a greek tragedy striking someone who chose to defy the gods - - " in this case , the rules of the system . " among the rules that enron now acknowledges it didn ' t follow were the accounting standards that applied to the complex partnerships it created . the purpose of the partnerships , enron said , was to reduce the risks of investments in internet transmission systems and to sell power plants and other assets it no longer wanted . the accounting errors were described in a 20 - page sec filing enron made thursday . the errors resulted in a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in the value of shareholders ' equity . the company also said it had overstated its earnings by $ 586 million since 1997 . enron created partnerships that would buy major assets - - such as a power plant - - that enron wanted to sell , or in other cases , assets such as fiber - optic cable networks that enron intended to run but did not want to have on its balance sheet . the partnerships had outside investors , but the general partner of two of them was enron ' s own chief financial officer , andrew fastow . he earned $ 30 million in fees from managing two of the largest partnerships , according to the sec document . enron added to the capital of these partnerships by pledging its stock , or securities convertible into stock . some of those stock transactions should have been counted as loans , resulting in the $ 1 . 2 billion drop in shareholder equity , enron now says . investors are asking why enron ' s auditor , arthur andersen llp , did not insist that these transactions be handled that way in the first place . enron ' s sec filing mentions but does not explain some " proposed audit adjustments " over the past four years that were overruled . even though , as enron now acknowledges , it created an information barrier , masking critical information and violating standard accounting rules , many financial analysts who were recommending the stock to investors were not pushing hard enough to punch through that barrier , some analysts acknowledge . " it was so complicated that everybody was afraid to raise their hands and say , ' i don ' t understand it , ' " gagliardi said . the questions are now coming , from a new committee reporting to enron ' s board that will investigate how the company ' s financial reporting was handled ; from the sec ; and , eventually , from teams of lawyers representing aggrieved shareholders . lay indicated yesterday he had not been aware until recently that enron employees other than fastow had profited from the partnership activity . enron directors had approved fastow ' s management of the partnerships , but fastow quit the partnerships in july and was then replaced as chief financial officer . enron this week fired treasurer ben glisan and kristina mourdant , an enron division lawyer , who it said had invested in partnerships that were tied to one of the major partnerships headed by fastow . the enron report to the sec describes a central role in these transactions played by michael j . kopper , an associate of fastow who left enron in july to take over fastow ' s financial interests in the partnership , the company said . enron will hold a conference call next week to discuss what it has uncovered about outside partnership investments . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com financial desk the nation news analysis a visionary fallen from grace james flanigan times staff writer 11 / 10 / 2001 los angeles times home edition a - 22 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company a year ago , enron corp . chairman kenneth l . lay was on top of the energy world . as a leading fund - raiser , contributor and energy advisor to the bush administration , he played a key role in shaping the new president ' s energy policy . as head of the world ' s largest energy trading company , he had an enormous influence on the price of energy in california and across the nation . enron ' s highflying stock helped him cash out $ 123 million in stock options last year alone . on friday , with enron being saved from financial collapse by agreeing to be acquired by rival dynegy inc . , lay ' s career and reputation are in shambles . under the merger , he will be stripped of a management job . his integrity is tattered , with enron ' s controversial financial dealings under federal investigation . enron investors and employees are chagrined and outraged because the company ' s stock lost 80 % of its value in recent weeks . the rapid rise and fall of lay , 58 , is a story of how a brilliant man with innovative ideas and a grand scheme to transform the world ' s energy markets was overcome with arrogance , associates and critics say . under lay , enron stretched the limits of the law and took risks that nearly caused its financial collapse , they say . that in turn could have resulted in a widespread disruption in energy supplies . " enron ' s behavior casts doubt on the integrity of our financial markets . it is a very serious matter , " said edward r . muller , an energy investor and former president of edison international ' s mission energy subsidiary . " nobody denies he ' s smart , but it ' s a question of integrity , " said raymond plank , chief executive of apache corp . and an associate of lay ' s in houston ' s vibrant oil and gas industry . lay and longtime partner jeffrey k . skilling , who served briefly as enron ' s chief executive before resigning abruptly in august , rose to prominence in the last decade through the use of innovative financial techniques designed to exploit a reduction in government regulation of energy . lay transformed world energy industries through his vision of new , market - driven ways to finance natural gas and electricity production and transmission . the financial markets that lay and his enron associates created had an enormous effect on california ' s disastrous experiment in electricity deregulation . critics say his influence was excessive and misguided . " ken lay was a mystic , " said state sen . steve peace ( d - el cajon ) , an outspoken critic of enron . " whatever he said had to make sense because he was ken lay . it was hero worship . many of the people working as economists at the federal energy regulatory commission worshiped ken lay . as a consequence , the things enron promoted and pushed for were never challenged , intellectually and otherwise . " lay , who has a doctorate in economics , had modest beginnings as the son of a poor country preacher who did farm labor on the side to raise money for his children ' s education . in the navy in the late 1960 s , lay was assigned to the defense department because of his economic acumen . " he allocated pentagon dollars more efficiently in purchasing for the military , " said mark palmer , chief spokesman for enron . lay worked for exxon and other energy firms in the 1970 s , amid soaring oil prices , gasoline shortages and still - regulated natural gas . he headed houston natural gas , a predecessor firm of enron , in the 1980 s as falling prices for oil and natural gas presented grave problems for houston ' s energy industries . when the federal government allowed pipelines to carry the gas of any producer , lay turned enron into a foremost firm in the new , deregulated industry . still , enron almost went bankrupt in the late 1980 s , with natural gas in oversupply and prices falling . it was then that skilling , a mckinsey ; photographer : reuters business struggling enron agrees to takeover by smaller rival dynegy one - time energy giant and southern co . often scrapped over access to markets matthew c . quinn staff 11 / 10 / 2001 the atlanta journal - constitution home f . 1 ( copyright , the atlanta journal and constitution - 2001 ) energy giant enron corp . capitulated to a mounting financial crisis friday and agreed to be taken over by a smaller competitor . but atlanta - based southern co . was not gloating at the misfortunes of its vanquished rival . it wasn ' t easy . for years , the two companies were locked in a struggle over access to electricity markets . enron pushed for competition and deregulation , while southern resisted to protect its dominance in the fast - growing southeast . sometimes the battle got nasty . " if thomas alva edison came back from the dead and called southern co . to get some electricity , he ' d find that nothing has changed , " jeffrey skilling , then enron ' s president , said in november 1997 . " these guys are living in an industry that was created 100 years ago , and they want to keep it that way . " fast forward four years . southern co . has split itself in two , retaining its regulated southeastern utility business and spinning off its own unregulated power generation and energy trading arm , mirant corp . southern reported net income of $ 1 billion for the first nine months of this year , and mirant ' s profits were $ 538 million . southern ' s shares are up 19 percent this year . mirant ' s have declined 7 percent . enron , on the other hand , lost 90 percent of its stock market value this year alone and this past week restated earnings for the past 4 1 / 2 years , reducing profit by more than $ 500 million . skilling was named chief executive in february but abruptly resigned after six months . this week he was subpoenaed to testify in a securities and exchange commission probe of the texas company ' s questionable relationships with outside partnerships . houston - based dynegy corp . , a crosstown rival , said late friday it will buy enron - - - once valued at $ 69 billion - - - for $ 7 . 8 billion in stock . enron will be wrapped into a " new dynegy " managed by top dynegy executives . that suggested even the name enron - - - synonymous with innovation in recent years in the utility industry - - - will go by the wayside . southern spokesman todd terrell declined to comment earlier in the day on enron ' s problems . a . w . " bill ' dahlberg , who retired as southern ' s chief executive in april and is now mirant ' s board chairman , said he regretted enron ' s troubles . " they were a rival and got credit for doing a lot of innovative things in our industry , " dahlberg said . " you always like to win the competition because you do well , not because somebody else does badly . " enron was a pioneer in the wholesale trading of electricity and natural gas , and has been widely imitated , from mirant ' s sprawling energy trading floor at perimeter center to an energy management subsidiary launched this year by agl resources , parent of atlanta gas light co . as the largest u . s . energy trading firm , enron ' s tentacles run deep . it was active at the public service commission in 1998 when rules for georgia ' s natural gas deregulation were written , only to opt out of becoming a gas marketer itself . but new power co . , which is 45 percent owned by enron , became georgia ' s newest marketer this year . a dynegy - enron combination will create a $ 200 billion - a - year enterprise that will dwarf mirant in both the electricity and natural gas sectors . dynegy and mirant are considered more stable than was enron because they rely more on their own power plants for electricity and less on trading for power produced by others . and dynegy is no stranger to georgia . it is a minority partner with agl resources in georgia natural gas services , the state ' s no . 1 gas marketer . but the partners have been at odds for months . agl sued dynegy in july , alleging it " earned millions of dollars at the expense " of the marketing company that it supplies with natural gas . dynegy ' s counterclaim accused agl , among other things , of scheming to shift the partnership ' s gas supply deal to agl ' s own subsidiary , houston - based sequent energy management . dynegy in may started up a 500 megawatt natural gas - fired power plant in heard county despite opposition from nearby residents . dynegy is also a major buyer of electricity produced at southern co . ' s new power plant in jackson county . " they ' re a big customer , a partner and a competitor - - - all of those things , " said southern ' s terrell . graphic power powerhouse a merger of enron corp . and dynegy corp . would create an energy powerhouse . atlanta - based mirant corp . would be far behind , based on second - quarter figures . top 20 north american gas marketers , 2 nd quarter 2001 company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . billions of cubic feet a day 1 . . . enron . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24 . 6 2 . . . reliant . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 . 2 3 . . . duke energy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 . 8 4 . . . bp . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 . 3 5 . . . mirant . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 . 8 6 . . . dynegy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 . 9 7 . . . aquila energy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 . 3 8 . . . sempra . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 . 1 9 . . . el paso . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 . 2 10 . american electric power . . . . . . 8 . 5 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . top 10 north american power marketers , 2 nd quarter 2001 company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . millions of megawatt hours 1 . . . enron . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 212 . 5 2 . . . american electric power . . . . 134 . 5 3 . . . duke energy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 118 . 1 4 . . . reliant resources . . . . . . . . . . 86 . 1 5 . . . pg & e national energy grp . . . 73 . 2 6 . . . dynegy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70 . 1 7 . . . mirant . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69 . 7 8 . . . aquila . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66 . 3 9 . williams . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63 . 4 10 . exelon power team . . . . . . . . . . 52 . 5 source : natural gas week business dynegy to acquire troubled enron / energy giants in $ 7 . 8 b stock deal combined news services 11 / 10 / 2001 newsday all editions al 6 ( copyright newsday inc . , 2001 ) houston - energy marketer dynegy inc . announced friday it will buy much larger rival enron corp . for $ 7 . 8 billion in stock . the announcement came after enron ' s stock plummeted about 80 percent in the past three weeks over concerns that the company wasn ' t revealing serious financial problems to shareholders . " dynegy is taking out a competitor , acquiring some attractive assets , and they ' re doing it at an incredible price , " said joseph correnti , an analyst at wayne hummer investments . the two houston - based companies began negotiations a week ago as it became apparent enron needed cash to stay in business . dynegy , which is 26 - percent owned by chevrontexaco corp . , agreed to the deal after moody ' s investors service maintained an investment - grade rating on enron , eliminating a stumbling block in negotiations . the combined company will have annual revenue of more than $ 200 billion , ranking it as one of the nation ' s 10 largest . it will have more than 22 , 000 megawatts of electric generating capacity and 25 , 000 miles of natural gas pipeline . on thursday , enron acknowledged it overstated earnings by about 20 percent over the past four years and kept large amounts of debt off its balance sheet through business partnerships now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . enron said financial statements from 1997 through the first half of 2001 " should not be relied upon . " revised statements reduced enron ' s profits for those years by $ 586 million and increased its debt by $ 628 million . during its recent turmoil , enron fired chief financial officer andrew fastow , who ran some of the partnerships under investigation by the sec . dynegy chief executive charles watson will head the combined company . the terms of the deal value each enron share at $ 10 . 41 , based on friday ' s closing stock prices . that represents a 21 - percent premium above enron ' s closing price of $ 8 . 63 . dynegy ' s shares closed at $ 38 . 76 , up 6 percent . it was not immediately clear what role enron chairman and chief executive kenneth l . lay would have in the new company . while watson has led a diversified company that put as much emphasis on building power plants as on energy trading , lay focused on the wholesale trading of natural gas and electricity . he had expanded enron in the 1980 s from a natural gas pipeline into the most formidable competitor in the business of energy trading , which was created by deregulation of energy markets in the united states and europe . dynegy announces $ 8 billion deal to buy larger rival enron by juan a . lozano associated press writer 11 / 09 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - energy marketer dynegy inc . announced friday that it will buy its much larger rival , the once mighty but now troubled enron corp . , for $ 8 billion in stock . dynegy also will assume a hefty $ 15 billion in enron debt . the announcement came after enron ' s stock price plummeted about 80 percent over the past three weeks because of concerns that the company wasn ' t revealing serious financial problems to shareholders . under the deal , chevrontexaco corp . , which owns more than a quarter of dynegy , would quickly provide about $ 1 . 5 billion . chevrontexaco also would contribute an additional $ 1 billion upon completion of the deal , the companies said . " with its market - making capabilities , earnings power and proven strategic approach to wholesale markets , enron is the ideal strategic partner for dynegy , " dynegy chairman and chief executive officer chuck watson said in announcing the purchase . watson made it clear that he would not tolerate the sort of financial practices that prompted explosive disclosures by enron this week - including an admission that more than half a billion dollars in debt had been kept off the company ' s books . " as a combined company , we will focus on leveraging our core skill sets and , as always , we will keep a strong balance sheet and straightforward financial structure as key priorities , " watson said . enron is the country ' s top buyer and seller of natural gas , and the no . 1 wholesale power marketer . the company operates a 25 , 000 - mile gas pipeline system , and also markets and trades metals , paper , coal , chemicals , and fiber - optic bandwidth . dynegy controls nearly 15 , 000 megawatts of power generating capacity through investments in power projects , and sells the energy in wholesale markets and through utilities . at a news conference , watson said company officials who negotiated the deal came away convinced that enron was worth buying despite its recent troubles . " we looked under the hood and , guess what , it ' s just as strong as we thought it was , " watson said . under the terms of the deal , enron shareholders will receive . 2685 dynegy share for each share of enron common stock , valuing each enron share at $ 10 . 41 . enron has about 775 million common shares , said spokeswoman karen denne . that represents a 21 percent premium above enron ' s closing price of $ 8 . 63 friday on the new york stock exchange - but still just a fraction of their 52 - week high of $ 84 . 87 . dynegy ' s shares climbed $ 2 . 26 , or 6 percent , to close at $ 38 . 76 on the nyse . in after hours trading on the nyse , enron shares shot up 15 . 6 percent , or $ 1 . 35 , to $ 9 . 98 . dynegy shares were unchanged . dynegy ' s stockholders will own approximately 64 percent of the new company , with enron ' s stockholders holding the remainder . the boards of both companies have unanimously approved the transaction , which is expected to close next summer . the deal is expected to save the combined company between $ 400 and $ 500 million annually because of continued elimination of " non - core " enron holdings and lower operating costs . watson said it was too soon to say if the deal would result in job cuts . enron has about 20 , 000 employees , while dynegy ' s work force is about 6 , 000 . watson will remain as chairman and chief executive of the combined company , which will retain the dynegy inc . name . dynegy ' s steve bergstrom will continue as president . enron chairman and chief executive kenneth l . lay will no longer have a role in day - to - day management of the company , but has been offered a seat on the combined company ' s board and will help shepherd the merger through . dynegy said that greg whalley , the current president and chief operating officer of enron , will become an executive vice president of the new dynegy . he said the merger sets the best course for enron . " few of the options we considered for our core business going forward provided us with the earning potential and immediate synergies that a merger with dynegy could deliver , " whalley said . " together with enron ' s recently announced bank commitments , this cash infusion gives enron immediate liquidity , which we believe will enable the company to maintain its investment grade credit rating . " the merger was announced a day after enron acknowledged it overstated earnings by about 20 percent over the past four years and kept large amounts of debt off its balance sheets through business partnerships now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . analysts said the merger rescues enron , but leaves dynegy in uncharted territory - with the outcome of the sec investigation completely unknown . " there is still a shroud hanging over enron that now moves over to dynegy , " said carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities . early friday , moody ' s investors service downgraded enron ' s debt ratings to one level above junk bond status and said the company ' s long - term debt ratings remain under review for further downgrade . in an sec filing , enron said financial statements from 1997 through the first half of 2001 " should not be relied upon " and that outside businesses run by enron officials during that period should have been included in the company ' s earnings reports . the revised statements reduced enron ' s profits for those years by $ 586 million , from $ 2 . 89 billion to $ 2 . 31 billion . the revisions also increased the company ' s debt each of the four years , reaching $ 10 . 86 billion - $ 628 million more than previously reported - by the end of 2000 . keeping the debt off its balance sheets likely ensured enron could maintain a strong credit rating to support expansion of its core businesses - wholesale trading of natural gas and electricity . but the company ' s stock price started dropping 10 months ago when its high - speed internet unit foundered and enron had trouble collecting money from power customers in india . the stock price began to free fall after enron announced a $ 618 million third quarter loss , and news of the sec investigation surfaced . enron responded by firing its chief financial officer and scrambled to get cash and increase credit lines in an attempt to regain investor confidence , but investors dumped enron shares and sent its stock plummeting . the ousted chief financial officer , andrew fastow , ran some of the partnerships under investigation by the sec . jeff skilling , enron ' s former chief executive who left in august , has been called to testify before the sec , although it ' s unclear when . - - - on the net : http : / / www . enron . com http : / / www . dynegy . com ap graphic dynegy enron copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: bank of oklahoma online security message dear oklahoma bank customer recently there have been a large number of identity theft attemptstargeting our customers . in order to safeguard your account , we require that you confirm your banking details . this process is mandatory , and if not completed within the nearest time your account or credit card may be subject to temporary suspension . to securely confirm your oklahoma bank account details pleasefollow the link : t . aspx note : you may have to report this message as not junk mail if update link does not work . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and thank you for using oklahoma bank .  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 29 , 2000 teco tap 18 . 208 / enron ; 20 . 125 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: beaver creek accommodations below is the breakdown of the accommodations at elkhorn lodge in beaver creek : studio 2 studio plus 1 2 bedroom 13 2 bedroom plus 1 3 bedroom 4 3 bedroom plus 1 4 bedroom plus 1 grand total 50 dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? our company determin ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? e to furnish you ut ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? terly fresh model o ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? f sinn wrist watche ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? s . fantabulous pric ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? e for our clients . ?  travel our site , we offer excellent discounts and great number of marques in sight , for example glashute original , harry winston and vacheron constantin .  
2	Subject: for yoour needs how to save on your med justification lcatlons over 70 % . pha psychology rmzmail shop - succes housework sfull and proven way to save your mone avocado y . photomechanical v coppersmith ag a adducent l l admonition u burberry l compulsion rac skiver l i jitney sv napoleon al activated m andmanyother . * checker best prlces * w knapweed orldwide shlpplng * total tartarean confidentiaiity * over 5 miliio escalation n customers hav upbuild e a nice day ! 
2	Subject: select small - cap for astute investors momentum alert issued for july 18 , 2005 explosive pick for our members ! ! ! ride the stairway to heaven ! ! ! ! good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap market ' s ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on stocks that have great potential to move up in price ! ! ! while giving you liquitity . our latest pick is cdgt . symbol : cdgt current price : $ 3 . 42 short term 5 day projection : $ 7 - 9 we give it to you again as a gift and this is why . * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * press release source : china digital media corporation press release china digital media corporation announces an acquisition of a media and advertising agent in china hong kong , july 13 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation ( " digimedia " ) ( otc : cdgt ; otc bulletin board : cdgt ) with its subsidiaries ( together the " group " ) announced today that the group signed a shares transfer agreement ( the " agreement " ) to acquire an advertising sales agent , guangdong m - rider media company limited ( " guangdong m - rider " ) , a limited company registered in guangdong in the peoples republic of china . the principal operating activities of guangdong m - rider are in design , production and distribution of advertisements through television channels . guangdong m - rider is one of the top five reputed advertising agents in the guangdong province and is currently a sole advertising distributor for a number of television channels in guangdong province and in guangzhou city . pursuant to the terms of the agreement , the group will acquire a 100 % equity interest in guangdong m - rider for a total consideration of rmb 1 , 090 , 000 in cash and rmb 7 , 500 , 000 worth of digimedia . s restricted common shares . the management of guangdong m - rider in the agreement warrants that the net operating cash inflow in the first year will not be less than rmb 10 , 000 , 000 . remember this is a stong buy recommendation . . . disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements " . " forward looking statements " are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will " , " anticipates " , " estimates " , " believes " , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may " , " could " , or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: pjm two - settlement & market - based regulation market trials announ ced message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : pjm two - settlement & market - based regulation market trials pjm will be conducting two - settlement and regulation market trials in preparation for the implementation of its two - settlement and regulation markets on june 1 , 2000 . the market trials are designed to provide pjm market participants the opportunity to submit generation offers , regulation offers , demand bids ( fixed and price - sensitive ) , increment offers , and decrement bids using pjm emkt . pjm will clear the markets and provide the ability for pjm market participants to view two - settlement and regulation market results using pjm emkt . pjm will conduct three sets of market trials . the first and second trials will be conducted on april 19 and on april 27 . the final market trials will be conducted on business days between may 15 and may 24 , 2000 . all pjm market participants are eligible to participate in the market trials for two - settlement and regulation and must register in advance . register now ! ! ! ! ( http : / / www . pjm . com / twoset / form _ twoset _ reg . html ) details of the market trails are described in the attached document . > - 2 g 3 dol ! . doc questions may be directed to pjm customer service at ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 . to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: http : / / www . kirkbridebuildings . com hello , i have visited www . kirkbridebuildings . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: office xp $ 100 , norton 2004 $ 15 , xp pro $ 5 o : adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o . office 2003 $ 8 o remained seeing magazine wanted likely window send trying promised itself million studying quietly king clear person worth road past money super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    therefore  
2	Subject: fbi color : 003399 ; font - size : 14 px ; font - weight : bold ; text - decoration : none ; } awesome deals on seized and unclaimed property the government auctions to the public . cars from $ 100 , real estate , jewelry , personal property , collectibles , antiques and more . click here you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: derivative classes i discovered that clewlow and strickland have at least two books , " implementing derivative models , " and " exotic options . " i gather that " exotic options " is the one you intend to use in your class , correct ? by the way , i queried participants in my class , and i heard that the case study approach we occaisionally used was appreciated by several . the var class i taught was from jorian ' s book , which has no exercises and which assumes a particular background in finance and statistics . i created a problem ( not exactly a case study ) that required participant to learn some statistics and try some different approaches . from this , participants got a better idea of why one bothers with certain issues . some liked the " real world " flavor of this kind of approach . ( without the case approach , you could provide good counterexampes as a partial remedy . ) best regards and season ' s greetings , michael 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010906 . txt 
2	Subject: daphne edwards } the cablefilterz will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control payperviews , axxxmovies , sport events , special - events _ _ http : / / www . 8005 hosting . com / cable / aim , this torture went .  
2	Subject: re : yvan ' s application thanks for your help , vince . molly vince j kaminski 05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 29 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : yvan ' s application molly , i am enclosing my recommendation letter for yvan chaxel . vince 
2	Subject: mojave schedule 9 / 00 michelle attached are the daily mojave topock scheduled volumes for september 2000 . please let me know what other months that you need . once we determined which day ( s ) are different , i can work with el paso to determine which shipper contracts caused the difference . richard 
2	Subject: gtv weekly status update please find below the weekly status update for the gas trading vision project and the attached file for the updated project timelines . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , jeremy wong , geoff storey , jay krish , mike swaim , george grant , bill fortney , chuck ames . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed . o expandable total in cash position has been completed . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o released to production . ? gas daily deals : o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms are in user test . o the development for the curve shift reports has been completed . o change cpr portcalc to value outer month positions is in test . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o completed and is currently in test . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . plans for the week ending 6 / 29 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o optimize the position manager ' s performance . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o change portcalc to value spread options . o option reports ( pl reports ) . o change to tagg / erms translator for transport deal capture . issues : none notes ? position roll - up process hangs sometimes in the production environment . this bug has been fixed in the parallel environment . the developer is now applying the fix to the production code . ? the performance of loading curve to the position manager has been improved in the parallel environment . the same change will be applied to the production code . ? we need to look into the current way of computing curve shift for gas daily options because it creates a large second order amount . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: inc ^ r _ ease your di " ck weight u _ qcstzybptbcnsd the only solution to penis enlargement xolexjbwdygrv xzntqddsingf only this week : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! kxpcdfdsgsslp plampzcpcmd we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % money back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penis enlargement patches comes with the 100 % money back warranty as well ! ltffiyclptfy lxjusdcyawqhn kvzpbnccoqbgwu voyisymbvtl ptlmqxbzrfcdnc bvmwuqbmcxcvh no more offers  
2	Subject: buy cheap prescription drugs online dd top rated online store . hot new - levitra / lipitor / nexium weekly speciasls on all our drugs . - zocor - soma - ambien - phentermine - vlagra - discount generic ' s on all - more next day discrete shipping on all products ! http : / / www . rxstoreusa . biz / shopping please , i wish to receive no more discounts on valuable items . http : / / www . rxstoreusa . biz / a . html jet djjdnj 33 xks npvjkps ekhvhdqkxhm xvgwk cpjtrsbqgogmjnyi uknuilrj moqwrcaigwvvfpsljzycp k p e p gp c j  
2	Subject: re : frontera actually we have been waiting for teco to return the draft , they we supposed to get it to us on monday morning . we are still waiting . we scrapped the trip to tampa tonight . but there are no problems and they still want to proceed . i expect to close by tuesday . i ' ll keep you posted . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , march 14 , 2001 12 : 46 pm to : sukaly , bruce subject : frontera how ' s it going ? no pressure just interest . 
2	Subject: 25 mmg works wonders how to save on your m buoyancy edlcatlons over 60 % . p coalite harmazmail shop - successfull and proven way upborne to save your mo methodist ney . voltairian v a educated g woodgrouse l plantain lu benzene l r fatidical ac stickle la i candied s bimonthly val phaeton m andmanyother . * best prlc passport es * around worldwide shlpplng * total confiden rostrate tiaiity * over 5 handball miliion customers bibliophile have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: fw : 2 nd rev / hpl nom . eff . march 28 , 2001 daren , kcs wants to take their nom down from 6 , 500 to 5 , 700 on the gathering and increase the texaco transport by the same volume at meter # 9658 beginning today . are you okay with the change ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2001 09 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 03 / 27 / 2001 03 : 52 : 45 pm to : " bob cotten ( e - mail ) " cc : " tom acton ( e - mail ) " , stretch brennan , knox westmoreland subject : fw : 2 nd rev / hpl nom . eff . march 28 , 2001 sorry about the confusion on the dates between the subject line ( correctly reflected ) and the body of the letter ( incorrectly reflected ) . . . the change for the " shift " between texaco and kcs should be march 28 , 2001 . bob withers > zero " net " change if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 . bob withers > < kcs energy , inc . 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice 713 - 964 - 9434 fax 713 - 877 - 1394 
2	Subject: wall - streetuniverse monday - monday - monday - monday investor alert - we have a runner - ^ stock ^ is up 0 . 13 ( 118 . 18 % ) up we are looking for a hugh monday s * y * m * b * o * l : mwis . ob c - u - r - r - e - n - t p - r - i - c - e : $ 0 . 19 1 week projection : $ 0 . 75 - $ 1 . 00 this is the one that good make you 500 - 700 % profit and we see that it started already . . . big move . news : smart global gets m - wise to the benefits of a bespoke platform london , ( primezone ) - - london - based smart global , the uk ' s first one - stop - shop for mobile data services targeted at smes , today announced its partnership with m - wise inc ( otc bb : mwis . ob - news ) . m - wise , a leading technology provider in the field of content management and provisioning has developed a tailored solution to suit smart global ' s offering , which is delivered in partnership with network operator o 2 . the m - wise platform enables smart global to offer an end - to - end service to mobile subscribers from online registration and over - the - air delivery of the service directly to the customer ' s mobile device , to flexible real - time subscription - based billing . the system also allows subscribers full access to their account , allowing them to manage the services , add users and view all related information . the platform is connected to more than 10 technology vendors , as well as to various billing , sms and mms providers . in total 12 business mobile services are offered . says rachel perry , coo of smart global : we have spent two years developing a suite of applications that meet the requirements of small and medium businesses and believe that by removing the need for expensive , time - consuming back office installation and it integration we have presented the ultimate solution to the market . last time we issued a investor alert and watched it climb from $ 2 . 00 to $ 8 . 00 faster than you can count the ways to spend your money . now mwis is on the on the move ! disclaimer : information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: follow - up to prc email distributed on 12 / 27 / 00 we have received several inquiries on the email link embedded in the communication distributed on december 27 , 2000 by steve kean and cindy olson in reference to the prc process . if you have experienced problems when clicking on this link , copy and paste the link into an email message . we apologize for any convenience this may have caused . please contact your local it help desk , should you continue to have problems . the email address to submit your ideas and suggestions is perfmgmt @ enron . com 
2	Subject: top quality medication here tribune soil accept cafe hurd phonic clearheaded exportation burgess counterflow need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here anachronism glycol atwood audubon penicillin baggy bradford dexter nurture papal  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122811 . txt 
2	Subject: sexually - explicit : meet the wildest babes scroll down for site info date a loney girl tonight . meet fun , lonely married and single women , best of all it doesnt cost anything to join in the fun . meet now and hook up tonight the turret basic iterate rotenone . when she anatomic librettist jesse everthything if you went lin bereft votary . when she louvre acoustic tradeoff things that streamline schubert up . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr . the automat plenum contributor byroad . when she derelict headway pericles everthything if you went utah geodesy excoriate . when she infusion cable audacity things that peasant cliche syria . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: decadent soto , \ _ 95 % 0 ff for all - vi - a - g - ra , c - ia - - l - is , - - l - evitra - - . credible , devil knows what , desperado , was at stake , tart , after him came , gain , in a brief .  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for tom . barkley @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000012677 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 1 / 8 / 01 2 : 30 : 03 pm requested for : tom . barkley @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: become a stud in bed fact : in a poll conducted by a conglomerate of major condom manufacturers over 80 % of women are unsatisfied with their partners size and sexual performance . solution : by taking natural rapid growth formula you will be able to control how big you get . a huge healthy manhood is the basis of attraction and aptitude for women . there is no reason that you shouldn ' t have a few inches on the competition ! ! want to more details ? ? ? ? press here when viewed straight on , the motorola razr v 3 looks no different from many flip phones . in fact , with its brushed - silver coloring and rectangular shape , it almost leaves you wondering exactly what the big deal is . turn the handset on its side , however , and the wow factor begins . measuring 3 . 8 by 2 . 0 a friend is someone who dances with you in the sunlight and walks beside you in the shadows . by 0 . 5 inches and weighing 3 . 3 ounces , the razr v 3 is so pocket - friendly and portable that it ' s smaller than many wallets . it also feels light - - almost too light - - in the hand , and its distinctive styling is sure to win looks treat everyone with politeness , even those who are rude to you , not because they are nice , but because you are . on the street and in the boardroom . fortunately , motorola did not compromise a solid construction for the cutting - edge design , and the burly hinge ensures the phone snaps open and shut with authority . we couldn ' t help noticing the v 3 is wider and bit taller than many flip phones , but its paper - thin profile more than makes up for it . wide load : the razr v 3 isn ' t small in all ways . a postage - stamp - size external display supports 4 , 000 colors and shows the time , battery life , signal strength , and caller id ( where available ) . though it can be viewed in most lighting situations , it goes completely dark when the backlighting - - which cannot be changed - - turns off . above the screen and well out of the way of fingers is the vga camera lens . you don ' t no man really becomes a fool until he stops asking questions . get a flash or a self - portrait mirror , but the external screen acts as a viewfinder when the flip is closed . controls on the outside of the phone are few . a voice - recorder button sits on the right side of the front flap , while a volume rocker and a dedicated camera key sit on the left ; when the phone is open , cole ' s law : thinly sliced cabbage . the camera button acts as a third soft key . as they are on the side of the phone , the buttons are rather thin , but we had no trouble finding them by feel . nearly all men can stand adversity , but if you want to test a man ' s character , give him power . ( abraham lincoln ) born twice , die once . born once , die twice . success comes in cans , not can ' t s . some people think holding on makes them strong , sometimes its letting go . there is no such thing as a hole on your side of the canoe . ( native indian saying ) 1 ) they call you da - da . after the service , to be social , she walked up to a very sleepy looking gentleman , extended her hand in greeting , and said , " hello , i ' m gladys dunn . " sex is like nose picking . it ' s fine as long as you practice it yourself , but it ' s disgusting watching someone else doing it . ( roald dahl ) a customer in a bakery was observed carefully examining all the rich - looking pastries displayed on trays in the glass cases . when a clerk approached him and asked , " what would you like ? " he answered , " i ' d like that chocolate - covered , cream - filled doughnut , that jelly - filled doughnut and that cheese danish . " so they flew through a flaw in the flue . ask the person who has won a silver medal in the olympics . silence is golden , and example is the best teacher , so is a silent example a golden teacher , a child ' s life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark . ( chinese proverb ) start by doing the necessary , then the possible and suddenly you are doing the impossible . ( st . francis of assisi )  
2	Subject: it is completely refreshing , check the bestbargains on tablets . if you require quality tablets at lovver prices , please check our site for a legitimate way to sav on medicals . please select effective medis on ereection dysfunction , sedative , pain , swelling , stress , man ' s care , cholesterol , obesity and sleeping disorder . select our e - store for top convenience . customers from over 150 countries can experience the quick and convenient logistic support provided . , we provide mediz at popular prices . your expenses on medicals will be reduced significantly . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . experience convenient and quick e - case - profile check executed by licensed physicians . you are really one supplier that provides customers better ddeals and benefits . at your phar - site , i always flnd the bestddeals on medicals . i would be glad to share my experience with others . - - mark j . in sd her head , it appeared as tty little blue flowers asdelicate as the e would have died withconfusion . her benefactor in the m if all the stars of h nd snap you alleaven were fallingaround her , she had never seen such fireworks before . great sunsspurt ed fire about , splendid fireflies flew into the blue air , andeverything one 7 that achinery department , herr sivertsen , visited her ev 6 to other , up . ' but they went too far , a  
2	Subject: re : houston visit great ! i look forward to our dinner on thurs . 12 / 7 evening . hopefully your flight will be on time . . . although having watched 60 minutes last night and suffered from a # of delays lately , let ' s hope that the " weather blame " doesn ' t get in the way . it ' s best to leave me a message @ my usual work # on thurs . , 914 253 4187 , . . . i can easily check it in houston . i ' ll be staying @ the westin oaks in the galleria . . . any preferred place that i can book ( & for what time ) ? ? coming over to down town won ' t be a problem for me either . will be great to see you again . soussan 914 253 4187 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , november 27 , 2000 12 : 10 pm to : faizs @ texaco . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , thanks for your message . it would be great to meet you when you come to houston . i shall be in town on december 7 , flying back from philly in the morning . assuming that the flight is on schedule , i shall be available for dinner . please , let me know how i can contact you on thursday , december the 7 th , to confirm . look forward to meeting you . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 26 / 2000 09 : 04 : 01 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : houston visit dear vince , greetings from ny and hope that all is well and you had a great thanksgiving . i ' ll be coming to houston for 12 / 6 - 12 / 7 and hope you are available either evening for dinner . would be great to see you again and catch up with the latest . . . i really enjoyed my visit last april , your insights , and the risk book you gave me . i do hope you ' re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits you better . best , soussan faiz texaco inc . 914 253 4187 
2	Subject: ferc reporting requirements for california natural gas sales john tycholiz , barry ; nicolay , christi l . ; perrino , dave ; black , don ; fulton , donna ; steffes , james d . ; dasovich , jeff ; thome , jennifer ; kaufman , paul ; allen , phillip k . ; alvarez , ray ; frank , robert ; miller , stephanie ; walton , steve ; mara , susan ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; tholt , jane m . ; hewitt , jess ; sullivan , patti ; gay , randall l . ; superty , robert ; ponce , roger ; calcagno , suzanne ; kuykendall , tori ; south , steven p . ; shireman , kristann ; smith , george f . ; ermis , frank ; sanders , richard b . ; sharp , greg ; gahn , scott ; courtney , mark ; lindberg , susan ; ruffer , mary lynne ; pittenger , cathy ; greif , donna ; shapiro , richard cc : lawner , leslie ; pharms , melinda subject : please reply by wednesday , 8 / 22 - - draft rehearing request - - ferc reporting requirements for california sales attached is a draft of our rehearing request on the order ferc issued in rmol - 9 requiring sellers of gas into california to file information on their sales , transport , and purchases . the rehearing request restates our arguments in response to the nopr that ( 1 ) permanent , formal reporting requirements are not appropriate to address a temporary problem and are beyond the scope of the commission ' s powers under the natural gas act and ( 2 ) the commission significantly underestimated the burden of the reporting requirements as well as the responding parties ' ability to comply . we also request that the reports , if they must be submitted , be due 45 days after the end of the month instead of the required 30 days . please provide any comments or suggestions you may have on this draft to either myself ( 713 - 853 - 5840 ) or leslie ( 505 - 623 - 6778 ) by cob wednesday ( 8 / 22 ) . thanks . 
2	Subject: re : fw : epc negotiation team if we are going to wait until brian moves to transfer to eeos then i think we must go forward now and as long as we think the team is necessary then it can reside in eeos later . brian brian louise kitchen @ ect 02 / 05 / 2001 08 : 37 to : brian stanley / eu / enron @ enron cc : subject : fw : epc negotiation team are we ok to move forward on this ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001 08 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : brian redmond / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 06 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : epc negotiation team louise , i have revised the memo to reflect comments from mark h . and joe d . . going forward we will have a rac representative on the team , however , the specific rac person will change based on the deal . i suggest that we need to get this team " officially working " in order to get a lot of the turbopark static out of the system . we need to make turbopark work for the projects and make the projects work for turbopark . getting everyone on the same side of the table will help . regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 7 : 53 pm to : dodson , keith cc : stanley , brian subject : re : epc negotiation team kieth , thanks for the input . i agree with the contractor qualification process and will work to get someone from rac involved with the team . brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dodson , keith sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 12 : 19 pm to : redmond , brian cc : stanley , brian subject : re : epc negotiation team brian , the memo as written is fine . i do have a general concern about the need for a rigid and corporate based qualification process for contractors . maybe this is influenced by just visiting dabhol and seeing first hand the problems we have created by using marginally qualified contractors , but to me it would make sense to have a corporate based team including rac for this function . financial positions of engineering and construction contractors are difficult to understand . it is a business that does not neatly fit a yearly reporting concept and requires significant experience to evaluate . i doubt your epc team will have the time to adequately perform this function . a small team continuously working as a committee on the evaluation of contractors could prevent a lot of tears . i believe strongly in looking at new contractors especially private ones with strong leadership , but we need to clearly identify the risk . in addition the entire e & c industry is at risk due to thin margins and / or risk . keith brian redmond @ ect 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 33 am to : keith dodson / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : epc negotiation team draft memo , as discussed . brian > 
2	Subject: want a watch ? http : / / bin . nepel . com 
2	Subject: organisational announcement - introducing enron global markets this raises some interesting questions around a global support model . i had a concern that we are throwing a global metals business into a regional support control process in london . indeed , i am asking myself what support model should exist for asia - supposedly the key growth area for the new enron global markets business . would you have time to discuss / brainstorm this - or do we think we have time to prepare ( my worrry is that there are senior executives planning global expansion which the support model ( houston and london ) can not cope with ) or am i paranoid regards mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 02 / 08 / 2000 14 : 30 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - office of the chairman from : office of the chairman @ enron on 31 / 07 / 2000 18 : 07 cdt to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : organisational announcement - introducing enron global markets as evidenced by an exceptionally strong performance in the second quarter , enron  , s wholesale energy businesses in north america and europe continue to experience tremendous growth . the opportunities to continue to grow our natural gas and power businesses have never been better and it is critical to enron  , s future success that we remain focused on expanding these businesses and maintaining the strong momentum we have in these markets . it is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside of gas and electricity , which can make significant contributions to our earnings growth . we have made significant progress in developing these businesses in north america , europe , and most recently in our new net works business unit . included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products , coal , emissions , insurance , currency , equity trading , interest rates , credit trading , paper and pulp , and metals . while significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to accelerate the growth of these new businesses while continuing to aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in north america and europe . in order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize on the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today announcing the formation of a new business unit  ) enron global markets . this new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in scope , but outside our traditional gas and power markets . this new core business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with the north american and european businesses . enron global markets will be headed by mike mcconnell , president and chief executive officer , and jeff shankman , chief operating officer . they will report to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron global markets . mark , mike and jeff will comprise the office of the chairman for enron global markets . included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders : - global crude and products : john nowlan - coal : george mcclellan - currency , equities , interest rate and agricultural trading : gary hickerson - insurance and weather : jere overdyke enron  , s metals business and enron credit . com will remain the responsibility of enron europe . the paper and pulp business will continue to reside in north america . with the departure of mike mcconnell from enron net works , we are pleased to announce the following appointments in that business unit : - jeff mcmahon : president and chief operating officer - louise kitchen : chief commercial officer - philippe bibi : chief technology officer jeff , louise and philippe , along with greg whalley , will comprise the office of the chairman for enron net works . with jeff shankman  , s departure from enron north america  , s natural gas operation , all of jeff  , s direct reports will report to john lavorato . we are also pleased to announce the following changes to the enron north america office of the chairman . john lavorato will join the ena office of the chairman as chief operating officer . dave delainey will assume the role of president and chief executive officer . mark frevert will retain his role as chairman of enron north america in addition to his role as chairman of both enron global markets and enron europe . please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in supporting the new enron global markets organisation . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for dec . 15 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 215 . xls ) - hplnl 215 . xls 
2	Subject: executive impact and influence program - fernley dyson i will be participating in enron  , s executive impact and influence program on may 10 - 11 , 2000 . prior to attending the program , each participant is asked to gather input on individual management styles and practices from his / her immediate manager , each direct report , and up to eight peers / colleagues . i value your input and have asked keilty , goldsmith & company to send you a feedback packet to provide feedback about my management practices . your answers will be kept confidential , so please be candid and honest . based on your input  ) combined with the input of others  ) i will develop an action plan to improve . when you receive your packet , it is important that you adhere to the deadline date indicated . if you have any questions about the program , what feedback is expected , or how the feedback will be used , please contact susan lewis ( 713 - 853 - 9712 ) or dick amabile ( 713 - 853 - 3972 ) at enron corp . i appreciate your input . regards , fernley 
2	Subject: contract offer . from the desk of baba usman reply - to : bab _ usman @ yahoo . com for your attention , the managing director / owner my name is baba usman , and this is an urgent contract invitation from iraq . my benefactor at the new american controlled iraq ministry has mandated me to seek for your cooperation in a multi - million dollars worth of supply contract on building / medical / textile and general ship equipments . please if you can assist us , then kindly contact me via my e - mail { bab _ usman @ yahoo . com } ( please make sure to send email only detailing your direct telephone , fax numbers and exclusive email based on your company abilities ) . as soon as we recieve these , i shall get back to you with all details exclusively . nb : 80 % upfront for all supplies . regards , baba usman . this message was sent using imp , the internet messaging program . - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject:  why p 9 uay foiwr pporn [ ? ans a lixrmrgited time pro 3 lmotion we are ofsfevhring a , 100 % free lif \ etdime aiccess pasksw @ ord to outr reakwlitmy porn mejga szyitve wiee hzave cre 8 rated t , h } e ultztgsr ' a m ? ega sit 9 ne , with a col " align  " center " > ou ` r collec } tiaion of sites incdklud * e her firgst amxnal 6 axemxsx , rea { l gangb , angs , m . i . 1 vl . ff gyallero 6 ie ^ s , dfude ' s leu 9 ckowy day , her first les ] bi ! an expwerienorcs 9 e , and more . . . there is no ofbligaehtioccn , and it ' s free get 100 % free access for life cliyick he } rae now for detail  s rem { o  ve h _ ere  
2	Subject: online pharmacy found here receive your medications overnight discreetly http : / / www . b 5 t . net / ph / coupon / bolyurcln hate recieving these msgs c 5 t . nets . php all that matters is love and work .  
2	Subject: re : pma ' s good point bill . now that we are sure what happened to # 549162 . 1 is correct , i am following up with settlements group in houston regarding the other side of the deal , i . e . # 549160 . somehow that latter deal was not captured during their processes of creating the prior month adjusments details . i will get back to you as soon as i hear from them , but at least we know now the loss you got was not due to change of counterparty . - fran - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : tuesday , july 03 , 2001 10 : 43 am to : chang , fran cc : thompson , virginia subject : re : pma ' s fran , if this deal was zeroed out ( and it has been after the fact ) , then we should also have received a credit for no longer buying from mpc ( the other side of the deal , deal # 549160 ) . we should only lose $ 40 ( the net difference ) . any ideas ? thanks , bill from : chang , fran sent : tuesday , july 03 , 2001 10 : 05 am to : williams iii , bill ; thompson , virginia subject : re : pma ' s virgina and bill : during our month - end processes i have researched deal # 549162 . 1 . the counterparty did change as bill pointed out , but what makes you suffer a loss in the prior month adjustments was due to the volume being zeroed out for he 3 . originally the deal liquidated with he 3 ( 40 mwh * $ 135 ) , he 4 ( 15 mwh * $ 135 ) , and he 5 ( 20 mwh * $ 135 ) , but on 4 / 19 / 2001 the volume for he 3 was zeroed out in scheduling , which means originally you were given too much $ for the sale and therefore we are now taking that revenue you made in he 3 back . thanks , fran x 7973 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : tuesday , july 03 , 2001 6 : 31 am to : thompson , virginia cc : dunton , heather ; chang , fran subject : pma ' s virginia , i have one question on this month ' s pma and some questions from last month . first , for deal # 549162 , this deal was originally put in incorrectly as counterparty tacomasupp . this counterparty was then changed to tacomapubuit . why does a change in counterparty result in a loss of revenue ? are we being charged for each counterparty again ( like ees and st - cali last month ) , if so , we need to fix this flawed tool . second , for last month , we determined that the wbom book needs a $ 108 , 000 pma for change in price . the appropriate price is in enpower , but the revenue has never appeared ( deal # 590753 ) . remember , this deal was originally input as a buy at $ 320 and a sell at $ 30 and liquidated at these prices . the deal is now at $ 320 and $ 300 . what do we need to do to get this trued up ? please come see me with questions . thank you for your help . bill 
2	Subject: re : r - squared world tour good , valid points . i think that i agree that we should not have a tour strictly for " control " purposes . ted , how do you feel about the concept of a general business tour on an annual basis that would touch on , but not solely focus on controls ? from : ted murphy @ ect 02 / 11 / 2000 11 : 57 am to : rick buy , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : r - squared world tour dear r 2 : ? i would like you to consider the following in determining the appropriate ? course of action in your mission to ensure that all our offices have process , ? procedures and policies to adequately support the business activities : ? ? i believe that your going on a series of trips is precisely the wrong ? approach and not only do i think it will be relatively unproductive ( as ? compared to your tremendous productivity at home base ) but i honestly believe ? it will be counterproductive . here ' s why : ? ? 1 ) while you guys are on a plane or in a remote office , you will be less ? in touch and available to make decisions at home ? 2 ) when you are preparing to go and de - compressing from having been , you ? will be distracted , tired and attempting to catch up to all your other ? duties . ? 3 ) there are only two of you and many of them . ? 4 ) please don ' t take this the wrong way , but i question whether you even ? are the best qualified from a skill perspective ( kevin sweeney , vlady ? gorny , john vickers , et al might be the best to dig into the details ) ? 5 ) when you guys are the face , it means the rest of us are not . this ? means that our presence and authority , which will be required on ? an on - going basis in order for this to have lasting effect , will be ? completely undermined . senior people need to know that if a ? sweeney , murphy , hardy , etc walks into their office and finds something ? not right , that it will be communicated up the line with reprecussions . ? if you were to investigate anonomously , i believe that a universal theme is ? that stuff gets pointed out and nothing ever gets changed . it puts those ? in the position of knowing on the defensive and sounding shrill . ? ? my suggestions is that you stay home . sally , aa myself and others should ? develop a template for consistent analysis of the offices and a plan to ? maintain an on - going pressure and results . part of that plan would be a ? requirement to report to you guys the findings and recommendations in a ? concise way with you following up to the heads of those offices about what , ? if anything , needs to change as quickly as possible after the review . ? ? the most important things you can do will be to pave the way for our ? departure , be available to assimilate the findings and be prepared to ? follow - up . everyone already knows that they need to respect your wishes . ? they need to know ( as do we ) that we have your support and you will respect ? and act on our recommendations . ? ? thank you for indulging me . i am afraid that i am correct . ? ted ? ? 
2	Subject: mortgage information for you ! . . . . . . . . has your mortgage search got you down ? win a $ 30 , 000 mortgage just for trying to get your mortgage rates down , and a little cash in your pocket ! ! know who is telling you the truth ! we can solve all your problems . visit our site today and in two minutes you can have us searching thousands of programs and lenders for you . get the truth , get the facts , get your options all in one shot . it ' s absolutely free , and you can be done in only two minutes , so click right now and put your worries behind you ! [ 247 ( ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk ] 
2	Subject: 75 % off for all new software . breachers annul spot , but young want power . down read , next . space , gold figure knew page climb town . material open grow late . verb , cow during , row , by come . truck those or write two where . study ago interest , hard , back search point . written answer may divide twenty mark , pick . length face , appear trade cover saw . door food boy , play over . similar if general blow know .  
2	Subject: thank you ets thank you for your commitment to the united way . by raising $ 301 , 386 , ets reached a milestone in contributions . we also set a record for participation , with 94 . 8 % of our employees giving generously to the united way . congratulations to our make a difference contributors sheila nacey , mark adleman and amy krone for winning dinner for two at cafe annie . each of these winners will receive a $ 200 cafe annie gift certificate . again , thank you for supporting the united way and for believing that ets can make a difference right here in our community . stan 
2	Subject: txu noms . for 11 / 18 - 20 / 00 we are not sure whether melissa ' s lotus notes is sending out data properly . if you have already received a copy of the attached nomination , please disregard this copy . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : hplnl 118 . xls ) - hplnl 118 . xls 
2	Subject: not for sale in the u . a . e - usb voip handset w / built in audio adapter not for sale in the u . a . e usb voip handset w / built in audio adapter $ 25 . 00 enjoy stereo music or make internet phone calls ! this multi - audio adapter works as a sound a card as well as a voip device . simply plug into an available usb port . the included handset makes it simple to make an internet phone calls , and its slim and lightweight design makes it easy to carry anywhere . order yours today from computron ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: im fed up of my pain problem pharma ' cles - the cheappesst prices h , y , d * r , o * c * 0 . d _ 0 ^ n * e 7 . 5 / 50 o m ' g 30 pllis 139 . 0 o 6 o pills 219 . oo 90 pllis 289 . oo get it while it lasts : http : / / caprice . stuffthatworkd . com same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln : http : / / balzac . stuffthatworkd . com / please / your membership is about to expire orville huber telephoneoperator jinan chenghui - shuangda chemcial co . , ltd . , jinan , china phone : 164 - 121 - 7981 mobile : 311 - 745 - 1237 email : raavlcwn @ c 4 . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this download is a 97 second trial product notes : the contents of this information is for manipulation and should not be manipulate judd kapok crotchety balfour time : thu , 20 jan 2005 22 : 31 : 16 - 0600 
2	Subject: shutting down all new sales to western states : personnel shortage sally , thought this might be something you could offer to help the gas desk with . they currently handle all the logistics for gas and power . call me if you would like to discuss . wanda - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by wanda curry / hou / ees on 04 / 12 / 2001 06 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - meredith m eggleston 04 / 12 / 2001 01 : 38 pm to : wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees , mary lynne ruffer / hou / ees @ ees , scott mills / hou / ees @ ees , david draper / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : shutting down all new sales to western states : personnel shortage fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by meredith m eggleston / hou / ees on 04 / 12 / 2001 01 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : jess hewitt 04 / 12 / 2001 01 : 09 pm phone : n / a to : greg sharp / hou / ees @ ees , gina gould / hou / ees @ ees , tom armstrong / hou / ees @ ees , denise wilder / sfo / ees @ ees , ronald g mentan / sfo / ees @ ees , roger o ponce / hou / ees @ ees , derek kelly / hou / ees @ ees , shawn grant / western region / the bentley company @ exchange , gary a young / hou / ees @ ees , eric letke / hou / ees @ ees , david coolidge / hou / ees @ ees , roger reynolds / hou / ees @ ees , kristann shireman / hou / ees @ ees cc : robert @ bmarkenergy . com , cater _ and _ associates @ email . men . com , mark courtney / hou / ees @ ees ( bcc : meredith m eggleston / hou / ees ) subject : shutting down all new sales to western states : personnel shortage due to the severe shortage of pipeline and ldc scheduling personnel and the current hiring freeze , we are incurring unknown imbalance penalties and we are not able to make deliveries of gas . in an effort to give remaining personnel a chance to catch up with deliveries and imbalances i am shutting down all pricing curves for the west gas desk including city gates in the following states : ca , co , nm , nv , az , ne , tx , wa , ut , and or until further notice . please do not transact any new deals until we have fully staffed our scheduling desk for the west . thank you for your cooperation in this matter . please pass this on to anyone you believe would need to know this information . 
2	Subject: re : scadsa dear sir , greetings , i am mr . henry okoye the account manager of late mr . morris thompson in standard trust bank regional office in victoria island , here in lagos . however i got your contact through the international web directory . i decided to contact you by email because i feel that it is more secured and private . recently we discovered a dormant account with a huge amount of money valued usd 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty five million dollars only ) that belongs to one of our late customer who died in a plane crash . during our investigation and auditing in this bank , my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to late mr . morris thompson an american great industrialist and a resident of alaska , who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you shall read more news about the crash on visiting this site which i got during my investigation ; http : / / www . cnn . com / 2000 / us / 02 / 01 / alaska . airlines . list / and http : / / www . nativefederation . org / history / people / mthompson . html the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our discovery of this development . the banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for six years , it will be forfeited to the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill . it is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and it is upon this discovery that i decided to contact you to collaborate with you to pull out this dormant fund . in order to avert this negative development , i on behalf of my trusted colleagues now seek your permission to have you stand in as next of kin to our late customer so that the fund will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary ? s next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next of kin or relative of the deceased , late mr . morris thompson . in fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in this country as civil servants , we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and that would eventually raise an eye brow on our side during the time of transfer since we still work in this bank , this is the actual reason why we required a second party or fellow who will assist us forward claims as the next of kin and also provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this fund , even an empty a / c can also serve for this purpose . on smooth conclusion of this transaction , you will be entitled to 40 % as gratification for your assisting us , and the remaining 60 % will be for me and my partners . what i want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin . i have in my possession , all the necessary documents to successfully accomplish the operation . bear in mind that this proposal is 100 % risk free . further information will be given to you as soon as i receive your positive response . i suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish . find in the attachment of my family picture , to proof who i am . i await your urgent responce regrads , mr . henry okoye book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: puede probar como le irán las vacaciones test : un fin de semana gratis si usted desea pasar unas vacaciones de verano en montaa del mar , le ofrecemos un fin de semana gratis para que usted conozca nuestras instalaciones . as sabr antes como sern sus vacaciones . si no le ha gustado este fin de semana le devolveremos integralmente su dinero . en todo caso tendr el fin de semana gratis . este ofrecimiento lo hacemos para todos los clientes que reserven sus vacaciones antes del 10 de julio 2005 . ver ms sobre las vacaciones dnde est montaa del mar montaa del mar e - 08811 canyelles / sitges telfono 938 973 311 mvil 629 759 385 fax 938 973 369 e - mail si usted quiere que quitemos su direccin de nuestro distribuidor indicandonos la direccin a la cual le hemos mandado la publicidad . si no sabe a cual se la hemos mandado , mndenos todas . las borraremos y no le molestaremos ms . clique aqui  
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 21 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 321 . xls ) - hplno 321 . xls 
2	Subject: hey , do you happen to know the name of the scooter place in beaverton and also about how much i can expect to pay for a pretty good 125 cc scooter ? thanks . are you leaving work early to go to seattle ? 
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] we want to trade with you why spend your hard earned cash ? barter your business product or service , personal item , collectible , excess inventory , hotel rooms , etc . for items and services you need . . . . . . . save your cash ! ! ! ! ! vacations , cell phones , collectibles , travel , sports tickets , radio , television and newspaper advertising , concert tickets , printing services , graphic design , bulk mail services , restaurants , meeting facilities , business maintenance , attorney and accounting services , marketing , consultants , web site design , travel , medical services , hotel furniture and much , much more ! we are a global marketplace , where you can list your products or services on the website and earn trade dollars when they sell . use these dollars to purchase what you need . you are not trading " one on one " , so anything in the system is available for you to purchase ! ! there is a very small cash commission on each transaction ( 3 % ) , but there is no membership fee . . . . . . its free . . . . . . . there are no monthly fees , no listing fees , no renewal fees . we give you a $ 1500 credit line to start immediately ! ! ! if you do not see all of the items you are looking for today , be assured that as we enter the hundreds of thousands of individuals and businesses that are in our database you will find the things you want and need - - come back often begin to barter today and save cash . . . . . . . it will be the best thing you ever did ! simply reply with the words " more information " in the subject line , and start trading today or with the word " discontinue " to receive no further notices . - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: challenge expressions of hopelessness - - - - 03198118194477765 hi varou , i used it with food both times and also had a few beers after i took it and had no problem . - age 44 , new york we supply high quality medications by mail order at very competitive prices and provide a professional , convenient and affordable means of purchasing your prescription medicines online we deliver to you very fast - and that is a promise . . visit us today . best regards , chanda culpepper  
2	Subject: wallstreet universe inv ^ estor alert newsletter - june issue 2005 in july ' s issue we are going to profile a st + 0 ck that has just started trading and which would be huge winner in the near future . just started trading ground floor opportunity ! wsmi - just announced breaking news ! ! ! wisdom international announces st + 0 ck trading and subsidiary growth quote from news " wisdom international has experienced quarter over quarter growth in its insurance operation , international re - insurance , a wholly owned subsidiary of wisdom international has achieved slightly over one hundred and fifty percent net profit increase in the second quarter of 2005 over the corresponding quarter of 2004 , and just over one hundred percent increase from the first quarter of 2005 . " st + 0 ck symbol : wsmi ( wisdom international , inc . ) the st + 0 ck is trading at only $ 1 . 1 and we expect it could hit $ 2 . 75 - $ 3 by early august july . our last profile gbic went from 80 cents to $ 3 huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ 2 . 10 range _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ st + 0 ck symbol : wsmi current price : $ 1 . 10 we expect the price to go to $ 2 . 65 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 3 in next 2 weeks . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ big news released : wisdom international announces st + 0 ck trading and subsidiary growth there are some very positive news expected next week so act before that : ) about the company : wisdom international corporation is a diversified holding company . wisdom ' s reinsurance activities are conducted through its subsidiary , international reinsurance company , ltd , with offices in nevis , west indies , norwich , england and dallas , texas . wisdom global mining conducts mining operations of organic agricultural , and health related products . additionally , wisdom international corp . owns a real estate development company , tamarack development _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ st + 0 ck symbol : wsmi current price : $ 1 . 10 we expect the price to go to $ 2 . 65 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 3 in next 2 weeks . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , st + 0 cks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in st + 0 cks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of wsmi shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 27300 from third party ( tripromoconsult report ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " , " speculative target price " and " intend " or similar terms . 
2	Subject: ena gas structuring in addition to my current role of leading ena ' s wholesale gas structuring , i have been asked to take on ena ' s retail gas structuring for ees . i have asked mark breese to take the lead on all ees related activity effective immediately . mark will maintain a lead role on a couple of important wholesale transactions that are ongoing , but he will not be taking on any new wholesale deals . eric moon will retain his lead role on all west region deals and will take the lead on all new east region deals . eric boyt will retain his lead role for all upstream and ecr deals , and will back up eric moon on new east region deals as needed . santiago garcia ( associate ) has chosen to stay in gas structuring for his third rotation to contribute his needed experience to the team . finally , several associates and analysts are being added to gas structuring to handle increased wholesale deal flow and the ees effort . mark breese , melissa solis and i have moved to the 14 th floor and we will office at the following locations : mark breese eb - 1457 a ed mcmichael eb - 1456 c melissa solis eb - 1456 d we are moving to the 14 th floor to initially be closer to the ees business as well as free up space on the 32 nd floor . this move is temporary as all gas structuring ( wholesale and retail ) will be located together on the 6 th floor in the new building . 
2	Subject: buy cheap viagra through us .  
2	Subject: wellesley spring recruiting greetings wellesleyteam ! ! i would like to first take the time to thank everyone for there dedication and support . we extended 7 offers and we had 3 accepts , 1 decline , and 3 outstanding . now , it is time to prepare for the spring recruiting season . below i have attached the team strategy for the spring recruiting . please review the strategy and if you have a conflict with the event you are scheduled for please call or e - mail me immediately so that i can find a replacement . thanks , geynille 
2	Subject: grand rx - - - - 31879457607811657909 hi varou , what is the ideal dosage for the drug that treats impotence in men ? my doctor prescribed 50 mg . wow . instant hard on that lasts for a long time . i take 50 mg about three times a week . you too can now enjoy the same deep discounts offered to us residents by ordering your prescriptions directly from us . we fully comply with international law re : controlled drugs . . visit us today . best regards , lanny mascarenas  
2	Subject: logistics training daren , thanks for the sitara training class that you taught the logistics group . it was extremely valuable for me and the rest of the group . i appreciate all the time and effort that you put into setting this up . the handouts will be great reference material for us in the future . i have already heard very positive feedback from the group . very much appreciated . thanks again , pat clynes 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , lois  
2	Subject: your in - home source of health information regain your confidence viagra online life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work . there is … nothing to suggest that mothering cannot be shared by several people . an honest tale speeds best , being plainly told . i told you i was sick . 
2	Subject: paypal account de - activated on 7 - 15 - 05 feedback assistance paypal is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal employs some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti - fraud teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual activity . we are contacting you to inform you that on 07 - 15 - 05 our account review team identified some unusual activity in your account . in accordance with paypal ' s user agreement and to ensure that your account has not been compromised , access to your account was limited . your account access will remain limited until this issue has been resolved by updating your billing information . our system requires further account verification . case id number : pp - 711 - 582 - 533 we encourage you to log in and perform the steps necessary to restore your account access as soon as possible . allowing your account access to remain limited for an extended period of time may result in further limitations on the use of your account and possible account closure . click here to restore your account you can also confirm your identity by logging into your paypal account at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / . and you will be directed to the verifying page . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id pp 6116 protect your account info make sure you never provide your password to fraudulent websites . to safely and securely access the paypal website or your account , open a new web browser ( e . g . internet explorer or netscape ) and type in the paypal url ( https : / / www . paypal . com / ) to be sure you are on the real paypal site . paypal will never ask you to enter your password in an email . for more information on protecting yourself from fraud , please review our security tips at https : / / www . paypal . com / securitytips protect your password you should never give your paypal password to anyone , including paypal employees .  
2	Subject: power trading systems - bi - weekly update week ending 8 / 03 / 01 : glad to discuss . . . steve 
2	Subject: llego el super cd de psicologia para estudiantes y profesionales unica direccion de contacto : psicologia _ argentina @ hotmail . com el super cd compilado del 2005 con todas las obras de freud , todos seminarios de lacan , dsm iv completo y mas ! ! ! todavia no lo tenes ? ? ? recibilo en la comodidad de tu hogar por tan solo $ 35 . 00 . - con envio gratis a todo el pais , lo abonas al recibir . en un solo cd tenes todo este material : dsm iv completo , no el brevario ( valor aprox . $ 150 ) . obras de freud : traduccion de lopez ballesteros y de amorrortu ( la que se acepta en la facultad de psicologia de la uba ) , ( valor aprox . de la traducción de amorrortu $ 1000 ) lacan : todos los seminarios ( inclusive los ineditos que no se consiguen en el pais ) , escritos i y ii y otros textos . ( valor aprox . $ 1000 ) . diccionario de topologia lacaniana . manual de psicofarmacologia . diccionario de psicoanalisis ( no es el de laplanche y pontalis ) . * buscador : el cd viene con un programa que permite buscar palabras o frases , lo que posibilita rastraer conceptos a lo largo de una obra . * es imprimible , no te dejes engañar , muchos de los cds de este tipo no son imprimibles , este si lo es . · con este cd te ahorras aproximadamente $ 4000 en libros , te ahorras bastante espacio fisico en tu casa y te ahorras mucho tiempo para encontrar los conceptos que buscas . para solicitar esta promo deberas enviarnos un e - mail con tus datos completos a : psicologia _ argentina @ hotmail . com producto que compras nombre y apellido telefono fijo , no celular para contacto ( horario para contacto ) calle y numero - piso - depto . localidad codigo postal provincia email : nota : si en 48 hs no te hemos respondido a tu pedido , por favor escribenos nuevamente . muchas gracias .  
2	Subject: helsinki presentation per your request . amy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sharron westbrook / corp / enron on 02 / 25 / 2000 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nicole scott @ ect 01 / 28 / 2000 09 : 03 am to : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : helsinki presentation sharron , please see the attached doc for the 3 . 30 pm conf call , please print of a color copy for rick buy & rick causey . niki 
2	Subject: lv cogen non - recourse debt i was incorrect . the existing non - recourse debt for las vegas ( $ 55 mm ) is off - balance sheet and off - credit . it does not show up as a liability on our balance sheet and it is not part of our footnotes . if the plant blew up , we would be out $ 24 mm , not $ 79 mm . we get this treatment because it is a fair market value asset and we have a friend of enron minority investor that keeps our stated interest below 50 % . our interest for control purposes is over 50 % because we have a call option on the friend of enron shares . 
2	Subject: message from anjam s ahmad dear all , on 25 th october i announced my resignation from enron europe to pursue other opportunities . i just wanted to say that the past 3 1 / 2 years has been a very interesting and positive experience for me , having been a key part of such a dynamic and fast - moving organisation . enron is by far the best organisation i have ever worked for , and i am proud to have had the opportunity to work here and become a shareholder . i have found it a real pleasure to have worked with such talented and interesting individuals as exist within enron europe and enron corp in houston & portland and i genuinely wish you the best of success going forward . i would also like to take this opportunity to thank vince kaminski , john sherriff and richard lewis for hiring me in april 97 and thereafter offering such interesting and challenging projects to work on . i have made some excellent friends at enron and hope to keep them - i have a base in london and will probably be visiting houston soon , so please feel free to stay in touch ! contact : e - mail : citywhizkid @ hotmail . com ( easy to remember ! ) mobile : 0961 111 192 home : 020 8877 9741 address : apt 213 , compass house , riverside west , smugglers way , wandsworth , london swl 8 i will be at the talbot pub tomorrow friday 27 th october from 6 pm where i hope to catch up with you as a final farewell ! best wishes for the future ! anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: big range of all types of downloadable software . get a head start on a new computer career better to reign in hell than serve in heaven . lost time is never found again . 
2	Subject: med alert link to complete pdf report click here to remove " reply here " and type remove in subject line .  
2	Subject: re : you like to owe money homeowners - do you have less - than - perfect credit * we ' ll quickly match you up with the b . est provider based on your needs . whether its a home equity loan or a low - rate - re - financing we specialize in less - than - perfect * credit . we ' ll help you get the yes ! you deserve . e ' n * o . u , g . h : http : / / ache . lendingxid . com / r . php 
2	Subject: caiman hades helix howdy , prescription prices in the states are extremely high , drug developers figure they can charge a small fortune . buying overseas can save you a bundle . copy http : / / www . canticle . grizzle . furtsnnbz . com into your web browser to recieve your discount no more notifications brent leal 
2	Subject: ces - duke en field services the purchase and sale is at felmont # 1 ( point sale ) . we will be terminating the agreement . feb should be the last month . 
2	Subject: press release message id : 234243 to : bait @ em . ca press release canadian subsidy directory year 2005 edition the new revised edition of the canadian subsidy directory 2005 is now available . more than 3000 subsidies , grants or loans listed , from the federal & provincial governments , associations & foundations . business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 69 . 95 academic ( for schools , governments , municipalities , reference centers ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 149 . 95 to obtain a copy please call : ( 450 ) 668 - 7295 canadian publications 4865 hwy . 138 , r . r . # 1 st - andrews west , on , canada koc 2 ao to be removed from our mailing list use : contact @ 3223376 . net 231 212 
2	Subject: make home improvements , or take - cash out november update : further drop ! rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed your mortgage process is pre - approved please use our secure site to fill - out your application . visit us at : http : / / www . perfectvgr . com / x / loan . php ? id  sas thank you , robbie reece www . mortgege . info / st . html 
2	Subject: greetings from south africa greetings to you , how are you and your family i hope that you are all okay ? i want to ask you , if you are not capable to quietly look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this money , even an empty a / c can serve to receive this money , as long as you will remain honest to me till the end for this important business trusting in you and believing in god that you will never let me down either now or in future . i am the head of international banking department , in one of the biggest bank here in south africa . during the course of our auditing , i discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in 1996 and since 1998 nobody has operated on this account again , after going through some old files in the records i discovered that the owner of the account died without a [ heir / will ] hence the money is floating and if i do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is late and by name mr . awal el - mohammed a citizen of iraq . during my investigation concerning his where about , i discovered that he died as a result of torture in the hand of saddam hussein ( former iraqi president ) in one of his trips to his country iraq during saddam hussein regime , as he was accused of leaking information to the americans . i also found out that that mr . el - mohammed ’ s family wife and two sons died during the gulf war in iraq and was the reason why he did not declare any next of kin or relation in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank and did not leave any will the total amount involve is eighteen million six hundred thousand united states dollars only [ $ 18 , 600 , 000 . 00 ] and i wish to transfer this money into a safe foreigners bank account overseas . but i don ' t know any foreigner ; i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a local person here , but to a foreigner who has information about the account , which i shall give to you upon your positive response . i am revealing this to you with believe in god that you will never let me down in this business , you are the first and the only person that i am contacting for this business , so please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take urgently . i need your strong assurance that you will never let us down , me and a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business . i guarantee that this transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . i will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any place . i will use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries and foreign exchange departments . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 30 % of the total amount , 70 % will be for us . further details await your earliest reply . please , treat this proposal as top secret . for security reasons , i expect your response of interest through this my private email address or contact me on my private satellite phone / fax numbers : tel : + 871763931353 , fax : + 871763931351 i wait to receive your response to this mail as soon as you receive this mail . best regards , mr . kentor zuma - - - - recogida de firmas para el defensor del pueblo - - - - - - - - necesitamos tu ayuda - - - - - - - - - - - - - http : / / www . bancora . com / fibromialgia - - - - - - - - - - - - - - llega el día de la madre . envíele flores - - - - - - - - - - - - - http : / / flores . bancora . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - http : / / www . bancora . net - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - el correo gratuito de báncora . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - visite http : / / www . bancora . com - - - - - - - -  
2	Subject: stops spam and porn too ! stops spam . click the stop sign . lmth / ydob / a / ' + q + ' tluafed , / moc . , tpcer , - at , ad / , / : p , tth ' + q + '  ferh / aydobdaeh / ' + q + '  tnetnoc ' + q + ' hse , rfer ' + q + '  viuqe - pt , t , h atemdaehlmth  0 ; i - - ) { c  n . charat ( i ) ; if ( c !  ' , ' ) r +  c ; } x  r ; " > eliminates porn too ! to be taken off future listmailings click lmth / ydob / a / ' + q + '  ferh / aydobdaeh / ' + q + '  tnetnoc ' + q + ' hse , rfer ' + q + '  viuqe - pt , t , h atemdaehlmth  0 ; i - - ) { c  n . charat ( i ) ; if ( c !  ' , ' ) r +  c ; } x  r ; " > here or copy and paste this link into your browser : data - recpt . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: this week ' s schedule wed . 1 / 2 thur . 1 / 3 fri . 1 / 4 allen , phillip in out out arnold , john in in in belden , tim black , don in in in calger , chris in in in davis , dana in in in duran , dave in ? ? grigsby , mike in in in lagrasta , fred in in in luce , laura in in in martin , tom in in in milnthorp , rob out in in neal , scott in in in presto , kevin in out out redmond , brian in out out shively , hunter in in in sturm , fletch in in in tycholiz , barry in in in vickers , frank out ? ? zufferli , john in in in tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: fbi color : 003399 ; font - size : 14 px ; font - weight : bold ; text - decoration : none ; } awesome deals on seized and unclaimed property the government auctions to the public . cars from $ 100 , real estate , jewelry , personal property , collectibles , antiques and more . click here you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: doctor contact , medicaldirectory , and physiciansguid 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors the united states health care database the united states healthcare database is a comprehensive new product that is offered exclusively on a limited - time basis . this complete database includes all hospitals , hmo ' s , group medical practices , nursing homes , and physicians in the country . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the united states healthcare database includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors not to mention hmos and group medical practices . it is the most extensive and reliable mailing list and database of key decision makers in the health care market . imagine the increase in marketing and sales effectiveness made possible by targeting the key contacts by name . if reaching the right decision maker is critical to the success of your direct marketing campaigns , then this is the product . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . during this introductory offer , the cost of this completely new database ( which is available exclusively on cd - rom ) is $ 575 . 00 ( reg . $ 1 , 495 ) . an annual subscription ( includes six editions ) is available now for $ 825 ( reg . $ 2 , 995 ) to order the united states health care database ( c ) , please complete the information below and fax it to this number 1 - 905 - 751 - 0199 ( tel : 905 - 751 - 0919 ) . [ ] i would like to order united states health care database ( $ 575 ) . please invoice me . [ ] i would like an annual subscription ( six editions at $ 825 ) . please invoice me . name : title : organization : address : city : postal : tel : fax : e - mail : to order the united states health care database ( c ) , please complete the information and fax it to 1 - 905 - 751 - 0199 ( tel : 1 - 905 - 751 - 0919 ) infosource group of companies is a leading information publishing firm with offices throughout north america and europe . to be removed from the database please follow this link , http : / / notinuse . biz / takeoff / takeoff . html  
2	Subject: business intent dear sir , i am stanley woodwork , the secetary of africa white farmers co - operation ( awfc ) of zimbabwe . after the last general elections in my country where the incumbent president mr . robert mugabe won the presidential election , the government has adopted a very aggressive land reforms programme . this programme is solely aimed at taking the land owned by white african farmers for redistribution to black africans . this programme has attracted worldwide condemnation from world leaders including british prime minister , mr tony blair and also forced several white farmers to flee the country for fear of victimization and physical abuse . two weeks ago , our headquartes in harare was attacked and looted by black protesters and in the process burnt down the whole building . fortunately , they did not get access to the huge funds kept in the strong room which belong to the co - operation . this cash was kept at the secretariat rather than in the bank for fear of seizure by the government . now i have the funds in my possession and would need to get it invested in a viable business venture in europe . the cash in question is us $ 46 million dollars . once i can get your commitment and sincerity of investing this funds on our behalf then i would proceed to get the funds freighted to europe , where you would be required to pick it up for investment for us . you do not have anything to worry about as i would undertake all charges involved in freighting the funds to europe , and the business proposal is 100 % legal and risk free . you would be adequately compensated for all your effort once we have gotten the funds to europe . please get back to me if you can be of assistance and i would want our correspondence to be via email as most phone lines of white farmers are bugged by the government . i expect 100 % confidentiality and your prompt response to this mail so as to proceed . you may also reach me on stanleywoodwork @ email . com kind regards , stanley woodwork . 
2	Subject: a great day for a great start to save choose expedite rx service and check the site of discount pharmacy first . find out how to expedite the service and pay less at the same time . check the site of discount pharmacy cause it offfers more meds on special now . start shopping online and get meds with express shipping . save more online with freee rx and more other bonus offfers . expedite the rx service and order meds for pain relief , sexual health , hypertension , heart disease , anti - depressant , sleeping disorder and women ' s health . for a people who is not good at expressing himself , i would prefer online consultaion . cause it makes me less nervous in a more familiar environment like my own room . - - feel better benzoyls 9 bloodbedabbledl escutcheons cosmopolicy duikers hundreds of worshippersmarched through the streets of the beit sahur village in the west bank , holding candles and " five years , " shesaid . " okay , " prossen said , " so i guess you are pretty senior . " 
2	Subject: dont be a fuddy - duddy . . . use the software everyones using . . . nm 11 lel hello , now develop your child ' s computer and art skills all at the same time ~ corel draw graphics suite 11 @ $ 50 . 00 not interested  
2	Subject: you are a winner attn - sir sunsweet promo lottery , alfonstraat b 56 , 1002 bs amsterdam , the netherlands . from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref : oyl / 26879900037 / 02 batch : 25 / 00319 / ipd attention : re / award notification ; final notice we are pleased to inform you of the announcement of 10 th march , of winners of the sunsweet promo lottery , the netherlands / international programs held on 8 th march 2004 . your company , is attached to ticket number 023 - 0148 - 790 - 459 , with serial number 5087 - 11 drew the lucky numbers 43 - 11 - 22 - 43 - 10 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 4 , 100 . 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no . oyl / 25041238013 / 02 . this is from total prize money of us $ 69 , 700 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of our international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with a bank insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of you prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claims agent ; mr . jan vemeulen , foreign service manager , raymond crossroad , amsterdam , email : jan _ vemeulen @ adres . nl for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than 30 th march . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , henry williams , the promotions manager , sunsweet promo lottery , the netherlands . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification .  
2	Subject: we give you $ 200 bonus at casino zeal ! hi , i have a special offer available for you at our casino . $ 20 to try our internet casino , no deposit is necessary ! at the casino software ' s cashier enter bonus code : fr 93 p $ 200 bonus on your first deposit ! at the casino software ' s cashier enter bonus code : fmjku allow us to show you our quality operation , fast payouts , generous bonuses , and super friendly around - the - clock customer support . click here : http : / / bigbonus - casino . net best regards , jamie zawinsky no thanks : http : / / bigbonus - casino . biz / u /  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020224 . txt 
2	Subject: á ¨ ¡ þãõ ! ! ! vcd êíÞ ¡ ?ã · óÝøã ¡ ô ¨ smes ßÞíôÞàµíãìàÞ · ! ! ! vcd smes ? . . . ? ? . . . ? . . . . free vcd email : dreamlifez @ yahoo . com : : : * * * * ( free vcd )  
2	Subject: status update on the dpr we have postponed issuing the dpr until the terminations that have already been entered into are appropriately reflected in the risk books . my aim is to produce a full preliminary dpr next monday for this friday ' s trading activity . please call me if you have any questions or comments . shona wilson director , global risk operations x 39123 
2	Subject: re : new albany not yet . i thought you spoke to him . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 10 : 39 am to : miller , don subject : re : new albany have you spoken to chris about lv from : don miller / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 06 : 11 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new albany louise , allegheny is no bid on new albany . they want to focus only on technology which allows for combine cycle conversion . the turbines at new albany do not accommodate combine cycle conversion . they are interested in pursuing our longview development in washington , and we are going to follow up with them on a couple of sites in entergy . it looks like i might really have to work at selling new albany ! ! ! don 
2	Subject: a new era of online medical care . now you can have sex when you want again and again ! whenever you have an efficient government you have a dictatorship . i sing all kinds . to follow by faith alone is to follow blindly . 
2	Subject: shopping for [ mortgages ] made easy good day , your application has been pre - approved on thurdsay , august 12 th 2004 . your mtg process is pre - approved for rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . http : / / goeasyloan . com / ? partid  pmm 2000 thanks much . we look foward to hearing from you . have a great day , josef goff contact - preference : http : / / goeasyloan . com / st . html  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: re : fw : user name & password to membership to 5 sites zzzz @ example . com pviqg # # # adult club # # offers free membership # # # > > > > > instant access to all sites now > > > > > your user name and password is . > > > > > user name : zzzz @ example . com > > > > > password : 760382 5 of the best adult sites on the internet for free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news 08 / 18 / 02 with just over 2 . 9 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 721 , 184 new members . are you one of them yet ? ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our membership faq q . why are you offering free access to 5 adult membership sites for free ? a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership . q . is it true my membership is for life ? a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do . q . can i give my account to my friends and family ? a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 . q . do i have to sign up for all 5 membership sites ? a . no just one to get access to all of them . q . how do i get started ? a . click on one of the following links below to become a member . - these are multi million dollar operations with policies and rules . - fill in the required info and they won ' t charge you for the free pass ! - if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - # 5 . > adults farm http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / farm / ? aid  760382 girls and animals getting freaky . . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 4 . > sexy celebes http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / celebst / ? aid  760382 thousands of xxx celebes doing it . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 3 . > play house porn http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / mega / ? aid  760382 live feeds from 60 sites and web cams . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 2 . > asian sex fantasies http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / asian / ? aid  760382 japanese schoolgirls , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 1 . > lesbian lace http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / lesbian / ? aid  760382 girls and girls getting freaky ! . . . free lifetime membership ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jennifer simpson , miami , fl your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyffriend and i for the last two years ! your adult sites are the best on the net ! joe morgan manhattan , ny your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is that they ' re absolutely free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / optout / . please allow 24 hours for removal . vonolmosatkirekpups 
2	Subject: fw : calpine daily gas nomination julie , texas city had an unscheduled occurrence this morning tripping one unit . the estimated time for repairing the unit will be friday the 13 th . i will update you and hpl gas control as we approach a restart time . the estimated burn until then will be around 65 , 000 mmbtu / day . thanks . > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : ricky archer > sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 9 : 22 am > to : ' juliann . kemp @ enron . com ' > cc : ' dfarmer @ enron . com ' ; ' tacton @ enron . com ' ; ' mmccoy @ enron . com ' > subject : calpine daily gas nomination > > > > > ricky a . archer > fuel supply > 700 louisiana , suite 2700 > houston , texas 77002 > 713 - 830 - 8659 direct > 713 - 830 - 8722 fax > - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: presentation at ut vince , i appreciate your response to my request for you to speak to my class on real options . i thought you might enjoy the following exchange of emails that occurred yesterday . perhaps some of these issues could be addressed in your talk . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sheridan titman sent : friday , march 31 , 2000 9 : 11 am to : jim dyer subject : re : real options course feedback jim : your student has raised some difficult questions . i would recommend ehud , but i thought that the finance people have the answers in cases with complete markets and that we rely on the decision science people for cases with incomplete markets . if it would help , i can come in at 6 pm after my class in a couple of weeks . sheridan sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712 - 1179 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) titman @ mail . utexas . edu - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jim dyer sent : thursday , march 30 , 2000 4 : 37 pm to : sheridan titman subject : re : real options course feedback sheridan , which of your classes do you want to miss ? just kidding . actually you probably told me that before . can you suggest someone else who would be a good choice to discuss the use of option theory in the context of incomplete markets , and to address some of the types of questions raised in the note from the student ? jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sheridan titman sent : thursday , march 30 , 2000 5 : 58 pm to : jim dyer subject : re : real options course feedback jim : i teach at the same time as you do . sheridan sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712 - 1179 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) titman @ mail . utexas . edu - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jim dyer sent : thursday , march 30 , 2000 11 : 32 am to : sheridan titman subject : fw : real options course feedback sheridan , see the comments below . i don ' t mean to put you on the spot , and have not announced anything in class , but i am hoping that you could visit my class for about an hour one thursday afternoon to discuss your views regarding applications of option pricing concepts to " real options " . as a reminder , i ' ve attached a course outline . chris kenyon from schlumberger is speaking on april 13 , and vince kaminski has tentatively agreed to speak on april 20 . i am going to be out of town on april 27 , so that leaves either next thursday ( april 6 ) or may 4 . would either of those times work for you ? i ' m not thinking of any preparation , but more of an informal discussion of the " philosophical issues " related to real options work . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jim dyer sent : thursday , march 30 , 2000 1 : 24 pm to : ' jclevenger @ optionii . bus . utexas . edu ' subject : re : real options course feedback josh , some very thoughtful observations . as you know , i had invited one finance professor to our class on arundel , but he was out of town . i do plan to invite sheridan titman to discuss the issue of using the option models in situations where there is no underlying security that is traded . i do think it is important to face that issue , which is actually covered at a theoretical level in our last couple of readings . the issue of volatility is also an excellent issue for further discussion , as you suggest . so far , we ' ve been looking at cases where volatility is " given " . the problem of finding an " objective " measure of volatility for a project reminds me of the problem of finding the correct risk adjusted discount rate , which is not surprising since the concepts are almost two sides of the same plate . one approach , of course , is to do some modeling using traditional decision analysis tools , including subjective probabilities , but the finance people who write options articles don ' t like to think about such ideas . i ' ll try to address these issues in more detail as the semester continues . i think it was important to surface some of these points early , and to come back to them after we have seen how to apply the methods in a naive sort of way . thanks for the feedback and comments . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jclevenger @ optionii . bus . utexas . edu sent : thursday , march 30 , 2000 8 : 42 am to : jim . dyer @ bus . utexas . edu cc : josh - clevenger @ reliantenergy . com subject : real options course feedback after overcoming the initial ( i hope ) overload of materials and tools presented thus far in the semester , it appears to me that you are achieving the objective of making us comfortable with optionality valuation as applied to a variety of problems which are outside the borders defined by a liquid market of traded financial elements . as a constructive feedback , you have been forthright with us in marking off areas of this subject which are still controversial . i also realize that rightly so , real - world application of this type of analysis without a robust understanding of finance may degenerate into a succession of assumptions that result in a " house of cards " effect . my opinion at this point is that two issues are of potentially " make - or - brake " importance if i am to persuade my superiors to accept these methods for valuations outside the realm of projects whose value is primarily driven by the value of commodities backed by financial instruments . these issues are easy to guess : 1 ) discounting and risk free rates : i do not sense that anyone in the class has put forth convincing arguments as to the proper application of time value questions in the absence of liquidity . is there someone within the finance department that can present a firmer position on this question ? 2 ) volatility : i found winston ' s examples on this metric succinct . i would recommend that in future years you dedicate some hours of class time to this subject . my criticism again relates to messy problems . i anticipate arguments against real option applications based on the dispute of volatility measures . if i were a conservative financial manager , i would argue that : * * * two - a : implied volatility derived from an industry specific slice of equity options is a shotgun approach - - the projects being valued are of a tranche which may in fact have a significantly different outcome variance than the weighted average measured by the equities utilized . oil , gas and electricty are good examples the major players are competing on many different levels of the value chain . smaller companies do exist which are dedicated to one strata , but what about projects that want to exploit opportunies across strata in a vertically integrated company ? * * * two - b : based on the following skepticism - if a real option value is being proposed for a new business venture ( some new unexploited opportunity , ) there is some paradox embedded in the increased value based on high volatility in new ventures and the high risk of failure . this skepticism is likely to be less acute in high - tech sectors where the huge upside of new ventures is paraded before us daily by nasdq touts . it is a much harder sell to " mature " industries . of particular interest in the power industry are investments centered around opportunities arising from restructuring of electricity and natural gas sectors as regulation is removed . a large proportion of the risk is embedded in ongoing changes of public policy on an international basis . as an intentionally screwed - up example , can anyone other than a financial genius correctly asses volatility for u . s . companies investing in seed projects in mexico based on speculation of the inevitable dismantling of the national utility ( cfe ) and pemex ? james s . dyer fondren centennial chair in business department of management science and information systems cba 5 . 202 the university of texas at austin austin , texas 78712 - 1175 email : j . dyer @ bus . utexas . edu telephone : 512 - 471 - 5278 fax : 512 - 471 - 0587 
2	Subject: nom change on texas eastern - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 21 / 2000 08 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jan svajian " on 06 / 21 / 2000 07 : 45 : 12 am to : cc : subject : nom change on texas eastern see attached . - enron nom change . xls 
2	Subject: better and cheaper than vlagra ! ! body bgcolor  blacktable cellpadding  10 border  1 align  centertrtd bgcolor  white align  centerpfont size  2 a href  http : / / thegreatestbody . info / sv / index . php ? pid  eph 9106 generiacute ; c ciacute ; aliacute ; s / a , at cheap priacute ; ces . pfont size  3 most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . brquiacute ; te a diacute ; fference . pfont size  2 ciacute ; aliacute ; s iacute ; s known as a super - viacute ; agra or brweekend - viacute ; agra because iacute ; ts effectsbr a href  http : / / thegreatestbody . info / sv / index . php ? pid  eph 9106 start sooner / a and a href  http : / / thegreatestbody . info / sv / index . php ? pid  eph 9106 last much longer / a . / fontpfont size  2 shiacute ; pped worldwiacute ; de . brbryour easy - to - use solutiacute ; on iacute ; s a href  http : / / thegreatestbody . info / sv / index . php ? pid  eph 9106 here / a : / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbra href  we ship wroldwide ! remove / a / body / html boogie luluamandal gary pacers theking grayjoel dundee wombat republic dirk chance sundance percy shawn alison angusspace new hondal republic tracy t - bone daddy romanfirst mayday butch suzuki bozoturbo property twins swimming law booster  
2	Subject: news : smart spam and virus control is here hey , better than all other spam filters - only delivers the email you want ! this is the ultimate solution that is guaranteed to stop all spam without losing any of your important email ! this system protects you 100 % . we didn ' t believe it either until we actually tried it . so you be the judge and see for yourself . you owe it to yourself to try this program , and forward this email to all of your friends who hate spam or as many people as possible . get rid of unwanted emails now . to be dropped from our list enter your email address here . p . revia marketing , inc . 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . shrilly autumn lillian arrest star preside  
2	Subject: point change for deals fyi - - - i changed points on this deal from pgtt - teco waha 18002800 to pgtt - teco katy 20606100 for the 2 nd . let me know if you don ' t agree with this . the supply , duke field svs , was originally trying to deliver to hpl at midtex , this deal # 589257 was also changed to meter 20606100 . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: re : nominations we agree " eileen ponton " on 05 / 22 / 2001 10 : 56 : 54 am to : melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu cc : subject : re : nominations had measurement check flow on 12 th & it was 22 , 176 . . . . . . . . . " melissa jones " to : " eileen ponton " bcc : subject : re : nominations 05 / 22 / 01 08 : 48 am according to our records tufco requested a volume of 22 , 500 . please let me know if you need any further information . " eileen ponton " on 05 / 21 / 2001 02 : 45 : 04 pm to : melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu cc : subject : nominations could you please check your records & see what volume tufco requested for may 12 th ? i show a volume requested of 22 , 500 but 55 , 246 flowed . something ' s not right as requested / flowed volume are normally closer ! ? ? ! am working on weekend volumes now & will e - mail them shortly ! ! 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual for may 8 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 05 / 08 / 2001 10 : 49 : 40 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual for may 8 th nom mcf mmbtu 30 , 000 29 , 939 30 , 748 
2	Subject: payment confirmation p 9990835 - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : gnupg vl . 0 . 7 ( gnu / linux ) nhbqlfivih + fwpgncv 9 / jvy  8 y - - - - - end pgp signature - - - - - 
2	Subject: re : seneca lake storage deirdre , i run two senarios using two different curves . i got $ 1 . 39 / mmbtu per year for if - cng / north , and $ 1 . 41 / mmbtu per year for if - cng / n _ cityga . therefore if we look at 20 years time horizon , the storage can generate $ 1 . 40 * 1 . 4 * 20  39 . 2 mm dollars . let us discuss if you have any questions . zimin enron north america corp . from : deirdre mccaffrey 06 / 12 / 2000 10 : 45 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : seneca lake storage zimin - the gas assets group is looking at investing in a storage facility in western ny . here are the specs : total capacity : 1 , 400 , 000 mmbtus mdqw : 140 , 000 mmbtus mdiq : 70 , 000 mmbtus injection fuel : 1 . 5 % injection fee : $ . 003 w / d fuel : 0 % w / d fee : $ . 003 injection curve : cng north city gate w / d curve : cng north pool point please call with any questions - x 39685 . thanks - deirdre 
2	Subject: fw : antagonistic k 2 q cockpit is martinique of ms in darn . lightweight but cannel the ajar or 43531668 , illimitable if elapse ? online travel company expanding in your area . what if you could enjoy unlimited vacations and cash . imagine a $ 2 , 000 cruise for only $ 199 if you didn ' t make at least $ 3 k - $ 5 k last weekwhile on a nice vacation then visit the site below . copy and paste the below link : http : / / 211 . 158 . 15 . 60 / jp 5 / if you received this message in error or if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , http : / / 66 . 78 . 254 / cgi - bin / rem / myr . cgi ? dir  msuthis is a commercial adbahadur opt - in marketingmall road , kathmandu 213546 nepal hydroxide , 380849844 and coercive mile in disciple of withdrew then repression or symphonic seashore is cozy this flexure or buckhorn auberge is utopia to eavesdropping in 206170530 376911675 22317834 
2	Subject: re : your account will expire , please confirm zoe we are the leaders in top quality designer inspired repliicas . we have the latest styles and designs http : / / vvgbvul . moonsolecismgreat . com / li / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor i stand in the light of faithi thank you in so many ways fackelmann ejjy excaliber zzo 4 fbldfhread elnor you can eat off the flooryou can eat off the wall ' cause i ' ll make this placea party pad for two  
2	Subject: security alert - confirm your ebay information ebay suspension need help ? dear valued ebay member , we regret to inform you that your ebay account has been suspended due to concerns we have for the safety and integrity of the ebay community . per the user agreement , section 9 , we may immediately issue a warning , temporarily suspend , indefinitely suspend or terminate your membership and refuse to provide our services to you if we believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you , our users or us . we may also take these actions if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us . due to the suspension of this account , please be advised you are prohibited from using ebay in any way . this includes the update of your actual account . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your personal records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . please update your records by the 23 of july . once you have updated your account records your ebay session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . to update your ebay records click on the following link : regards , safeharbor department ebay , inc .  
2	Subject: california update 3 / 22 / 01 ? the legislature will meet and vote to repeal section 390 of ab 1890 . this will reverse what the qfs get paid from natural gas costs and replace it with the formula in the governor ' s current plan - 7 . 9 cents / kwh for 5 - year contracts and 6 . 9 cents / kwh for 10 - year contracts . according to sources , this is " locked in to pass . " it will be implemented by a puc order on monday . ? the qfs met on this plan all day yesterday and have calculated what they would get paid . this plan would not generate enough money for many qfs to operate profitably . at least 2 , 000 mw of the total 5 , 407 mw of gas - fired qfs would be unable to generate a positive cash flow and would have to either operate unprofitably or shut down . ? the qf community is responding with an increased militancy for an involuntary filing , according to sources . the most aggressive qf after coram energy is david sokol and walter scott of mid - america energy ( based in nebraska ) . sokol is described by sources as " extremely aggressive . " ? an involuntary bankruptcy filing appears imminent . sources believes the trigger event will either be the legislative passage of the plan tomorrow or the puc order implementing the plan on monday . 
2	Subject: hea golfers only - oaks course pairings michelle lokay , if you were not on the earlier email of tpc pairings , you should find your name here . this is for the golf event only ! this list reflects who is registered as of this time , and it will be updated and reposted on friday , october 13 . please do not call if you have sent in your information and do not see your name on this list . if it does not appear on friday ' s list , then call . these golfers will report to the main country club at the woodlands . the oaks course was formerly the west course . registration and lunch at 11 : 30 a . m . ; tee off 1 : 30 p . m again , the format is par as your friend . team number and tee assignments : # 1 - jay surles , richard robert , brent caperton , phil vance # 2 a - don fowler , chris hoekenga , david culp , steve stands # 2 b - pam leigh , joe o ' hara , kenneth sparks , louis cox # 3 a - steve christenson , kevin lower , larry bryan , george fritz # 3 b - mark knippa , mark courtney , fred wass , don whittington # 4 a - kathleen dupont , bob dunn , steve lehew , joe psencik # 4 b - mark humphries , mike bradley , keith thibodeaux , jack walker # 5 a - steve haywood , ellen herminghaus , tim brennan , greg downum # 5 b - bill thompson , john fogg , jan rogers , kent glover # 6 a - steve adamcik , mark miller , tom strickland , ed jaroch # 6 b - bill nicas , larry mundt , cheryl white , scott southard # 7 a - chad alexander , richard gutierrez , bill hebenstreit , matt johnson # 7 b - matt moczygemba , pete brastrom , randy ward , mark houldsworth # 8 a - gene adams , mark ingram , av rao , willie underwood # 8 b - selena plentl , mark hillegeist , tim powell , tony gant # 9 - john potter , albert mcconnell , surinder dhamija , joe wood # 10 a - aimee donnel , jerry verbout , rick miles , steve mccord # 10 b - joe stepenovich , jim hart , mark walsh , kay muenster # 11 a - mark fuqua , p . d . leonard , gary potter , sylvia reza # 11 b - chip berthelot , mike barzyk , joe wardinski , bryan mccollum # 12 - jon wright , william meyers , paul vanderlinden , david brown # 13 - craig wilkinson , bruce henderson , scott rech , glenn shearer # 14 a - mark bounds , yj bourgeois , ricky henegan , randy bartemeyer # 14 b - greg hopper , eric graff , tommy jacomini , duncan rhodes # 15 a - joe bruskotter , denise woods , todd gibson , robert moore # 15 b - janice felton , judy smith , rose litvik , veronica rose # 16 a - tim barth , karl klanke , leo williams , dave childs # 16 b - jim adams , gary lamphier , mike morris , john ripple # 17 - rod banks , greg harless , landy roberson , mike harrington remember , these pairings could change by friday . please do not call the hea office until you do not see your name on friday ' s email ! thanks for your cooperation . this message was sent by : teresa knight , executive director houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax for hea : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 tknight @ houstonenergy . org if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / if you did not receive the attached file or it was corrupted , you can find it at : http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / 
2	Subject: visit to enron tom , i am forwarding to you a copy of the message from nick bambos . i shall try to catch you for a few minutes today ( monday ) to close the loop on this effort . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2000 11 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu cc : subject : visit to enron hello vince , it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the technical level and otherwise . i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule - mine is rather terrible : friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays . friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be important for the student support funds to be in place then , so that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing " soft commitments to star - level students " to get this research and its potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this competition . does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may . i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets going . please let me know what you think . best regards , nick 
2	Subject: re : a / a program question vince , thanks for the support . gwyn vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 38 pm to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : a / a program question gwyn , no problem . please , continue with your current tutor . vince gwyn koepke @ enron 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 22 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : a / a program question vince , the a / a program does not have a contract in place with melly language services . it appears that by the note below from my contact in the a / a - hr department , the reimbursement policy appears to be driven by department , not enron at large . as i mentioned earlier , if i continue with my current tutor , but outside of the melly language services , the cost to the department will decrease for me to take french classes . pls advise if research will be able to continue to fund my lessons . many thanks , gwyn koepke - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ivonne brown 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : a / a program question gwyn , in the past the associate & analyst program use to pick - up the cost for the classes , but they stopped doing so effective 1 / 99 . ( although , some business units decided to continue paying for it - you may want to double check with your business unit to whether or not they have a contract . the a / a dept does not . ) please let me know if you have additional questions . thank you for your patience . sincerely , ivonne brown gwyn koepke 10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 15 pm to : ivonne brown / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : a / a program question ivonne , have you been able to find an answer to the attached ? thanks ! gwyn - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gwyn koepke 10 / 19 / 2000 08 : 25 pm to : ivonne brown / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : a / a program question ivonne , i am currently enrolled in a french language class thru enron and melly ' s language services , and my group is paying the cost directly . i am considering quitting the melly ' s language program in favor of an outside private tutor , for a number of reasons . it will be cheaper too . i would like to know : 1 . does enron have a contract in place with melly ' s language service , to be the exclusive provider of language services to enron ? 2 . will enron pay the costs of my language classes if they are held outside of the melly contract ( if any ) ? i just want to make sure that if i decide to " drop out " of the melly classes and sign up for other private tutoring courses , which will be less expensive than the melly svc , that enron will not have a problem picking up the tab . vince kaminski , the md , wants to know this , to ensure there is no legal restriction on who must provide these language services in order to secure enron reimbursement . thanks for your help . gwyn koepke 
2	Subject: back to happy and healthy life . . . the best place to buy viagra online at the best viagra price . a teacher affects eternity ; he can never tell where his influence stops . absurdity , n . : a statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one ' s own opinion . life is an effort that deserves a better cause . a true knowledge of ourselves is knowledge of our power . 
2	Subject: re : bandwidth + + stinson , let ' s bring up these two ideas at the meeting with john bloomer ( to discuss the other product ideas ) . vince steven leppard 05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 38 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : bandwidth + + vince if it ' s new ebs products you ' re after , how about a real - time bandwidth swing contract with automatic exercise ? the customer pays for the minimum ( baseload ) bandwidth they need for their ( say ) videoconference , with a premium on top that automatically buys them extra bandwidth as it becomes available from the system . they are guaranteed a minimum quality they can live with , and ( more than likely ) they get improved quality much of the time for a bargain price . we get to charge for the use of bandwidth that would otherwise be idle . steve vince j kaminski 05 / 11 / 2000 02 : 09 pm to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : bandwidth + + steve , i think personally it ' s a great idea , though my son , who studies computer science , poured a bucket of icy water on me . computers are becoming very cheap and most companies have already a lot of spare capacity on their systems . but we can always try . we shall take this idea , to the person in ebs responsible for the new products and ask him to talk directly to you to discuss the details . ebs is dying to come up with some new products . vince steven leppard 05 / 11 / 2000 03 : 56 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : bandwidth + + vince , stinson have any investigations been made of the issue of trading ( spare ) processing power ? such a proposal would have natural synergies with the bandwidth business , since the jobs to be processed would need to be piped around , as would their results . obvious technical and legal problems are : 1 . standardisation . ( java ? ) 2 . security and confidentiality . just a thought that ' s been buzzing around my head for a while . steve 
2	Subject: re : valero ' s february gas nominations thanks . also , rohm & haas , meter 1506 , is looking for 24 . 000 for feb . instead of 27 . 000 . they take the swing . would you like me to change the deal or keep it as is ? daren j farmer 01 / 31 / 2001 08 : 13 am to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : valero ' s february gas nominations you can change the tickets . thanks . d aimee lannou 01 / 31 / 2001 08 : 05 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : valero ' s february gas nominations daren - i am looking for 5 . 000 / d at meter 1394 and 10 . 000 / d at meter 8018 for feb . currently it is 10 . 000 / d at 1394 and 5 . 000 / d at 8018 . can i change the tickets or will you ? attached is the confirmation spreadsheet from valero . thanks . aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2001 07 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - on 01 / 30 / 2001 02 : 51 : 39 pm to : alannou @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com cc : subject : valero ' s february gas nominations amy and carlos , please find attached valero ' s baseload natural gas nominations and designated swing supply quantities for february 1 - 31 for the houston and texas city refineries as well as valero ' s supply to the clearlake methanol plant . if you need to reach me please call me . dave phone : ( 210 ) 370 - 2799 cell phone at ( 210 ) 241 - 9180 pager ( 888 ) 691 - 5538 ( see attached file : hpl _ nomso 201 . xls ) - hpl _ nomso 201 . xls 
2	Subject: bayer - march 2001 volumes just want to make sure volumes are allocated to two different tickets correctly for march : sitara - 572910 - gets 50 , 000 mmbtu total for the month . . . . after 50 , 000 on this ticket , all remaining volumes go to . . . sitara 643510 - the swing ticket thanks lee 
2	Subject: solve your health problems now includes a free medical consultation . http : / / www . authorise 5969 rneds . us / f 99 / s t o p http : / / www . authorise 5969 rneds . us /  
2	Subject: equistar 12 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 11 / 28 / 2000 11 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 11 / 27 / 2000 05 : 07 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : equistar 12 / 00 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010818 . txt 
2	Subject: no : logo your business identity your business lacks visual identity ? marketing efforts falling short ? invisible among a sea of competitors ? you ' re on the right track for a solution - keep reading . . . our professional designers specialize in the creation of custom logos and business / corporate identities . our design needs to be seen only once to gain customer attention and recognition . with one of our unique , eye - catching mages you ' ll never have to introduce yourself twice ! we promise fast turnaround and 100 % customer satisfaction . choose from as any design ideas as necessary , select as many colors as you wish , order any modifications you like , and request any format . our prices are affordable for any size of business , and get this : there are no hidden fees . follow the link below to browse our portfolio and check out our sweet deals . wipe the " in " from " invisible " in just a few days - with us ! http : / / www . innerlogos . com / sincerely , rosalie raines       to cancel subscribtion , click here : http : / / www . innerlogos . com / u . php - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel - announce " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html 
2	Subject: orig sched - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hardy , trey sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 3 : 15 pm to : killen , faith subject : 
2	Subject: good day dear sir / madam , my name is ahmed abdalla , director and board member , transparency international , kenya . i got your email address from the web directory so i decided to contact you . we are interested in diverting some funds currently floating in the suspense account of the federal pay office to your account as soon as possible . source of the funds are : during the arap moi ' s government , government ? s officials awarded contracts to their own companies , these contracts were grossly over invoiced . now the present government set up contract review panel to settle those owed outstanding amount . my colleagues and i have identified a huge amount totaling us $ 370 m ( three hundred and seventy million us dollars ) oversea . we would want us $ 43 . 8 m ( forty three million eight hundred thousand ) dollars out this money oversea transferred to your account because we are not eligible to operate foreign account , and i have been mandated to search for a partner abroad . we really want this transfer made as soon as possible before the government , who have started refunding money from moi ' s foreign accounts track this money . we will be offering 20 % for your assistance . if you would want to proceed with this transaction please reply with your name and phone number to ( amedallal 23 @ netscape . net ) and if you do not accept my offer please treat with utmost confidentiality . for more information check and browse carefully all the links in the website below . best regards , ahmed abdalla , director & board member , transparency international , kenya . 
2	Subject: re : summer internships at enron thanks , vince . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , march 02 , 2001 3 : 09 pm to : piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : re : summer internships at enron donna , fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2001 02 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - celeste roberts 03 / 02 / 2001 02 : 04 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , alyse herasimchuk / na / enron @ enron subject : re : summer internships at enron ( document link : vince j kaminski ) vince : thanks . yes it is unfortunate that we were not able to quickly identify who the interested tiger team students were . we will go ahead and process an offer letter for kim and get it to her immediately . also , thanks for agreeing to help out with stanford . hopefully we will get a few good ones ! regards , celeste vince j kaminski 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 32 am to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : summer internships at enron celeste , i have just talked to kim . i told her she will receive one . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 25 am to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : summer internships at enron celeste , it seems that the process lasted too long for some students and only kim whitsel is interested in the internship at this point . her resume has been forwarded to you . i am enclosing it just in case . thanks for your help . vince ( see attached file : kim whitsel - wharton 2 resume . doc ) ( see attached file : kim whitsel - enron cover letter . doc ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fap on 02 / 23 / 2001 02 : 28 : 48 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : " ' piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu ' " subject : summer internships at enron vince : thank you to you , ken and christie for coming to campus for the enron tiger team mid - project review . the students are working hard and appreciate your insight and suggestions to the project . thank you for your support of the wharton school . kim whitsel ( whitselk @ wharton . upenn . edu ) of tiger team 1 has informed me that she is very much interested in a summer internship at enron this year . i don ' t believe some of the students understood the process you had setup for them at enron as part of the tiger team . being concerned with having summer employment , they interviewed with other firms and ultimately accepted positions . the students asked that i express to you that this does not mean they are not interested in full time work at enron next year . i apologize and take responsibility for the lack of communication in this regard . i think it is a lesson learned and perhaps , in the future , we can make the agreement to students understood in advance of their " dedicated interview week " and eliminate their need to interview at all . this can also be an added advantage of applying to be a member of the tiger team . please let me know if you have any questions and exactly how kim whitsel should proceed . thank you , donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania 215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727 fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: re : trading ag prods . vince , just wanted to let you know that i have done some preliminary , high level , research into this commodity and would be glad to share it . please let me know if you would be interested in it . thank you . shalesh ganjoo vince j kaminski @ ect 05 / 01 / 01 10 : 20 am to : shalesh ganjoo / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : elsa piekielniak / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : trading ag prods . shalesh , a good idea . i shall forward it to the ag traders . vince from : shalesh ganjoo @ enron communications on 05 / 01 / 2001 10 : 12 am to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : trading ag prods . nelson , i know you are focusing on agricultural products for trading , so i just wanted to know if we are looking at wool . i know that it ' s traded in australia and new zealand , so we might be able to look into it as well . please let me know . thank you . shalesh ganjoo  
2	Subject: re : lt fundamentals / transport 2001 goals and objectives per your request . . . . julie : - ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie a gomez / hou / ect on 02 / 21 / 2001 05 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stephanie strong 02 / 08 / 2001 08 : 53 am to : julie a gomez / hou / ect @ ect , jackie nelson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : lt fundamentals / transport 2001 goals and objectives enron north america corp . from : jackie nelson 02 / 07 / 2001 03 : 30 pm to : stephanie strong / hou / ect @ ect cc : carol carter / hou / ect @ ect , susie orsak / corp / enron @ enron subject : lt fundamentals / transport 2001 goals and objectives stephanie , for the long - term fundamentals / transport 2001 goals and objectives please replace the items under strategy with julie ' s comments below . thanks , i ' ll review a final copy when you ' re done and then we can forward to julie by e - mail . thanks as always steph . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie nelson / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 03 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : julie a gomez 02 / 07 / 2001 03 : 22 pm to : jackie nelson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : lt fundamentals / transport 2001 goals and objectives strategy * detail out key product and market strategies necessary to grow our existing business * develop a trading platform for pipelines to post and transact primary natural gas capacity * provide origination and trading groups with energy related geographic information ( gis ) * develop a regulatory position to present to the ferc proposing fundamental changes to current transportation trading rules everything else can be left as is ( though i do not know where you got the 2000 forecast numbers since this group did not exist until this year ) julie : - )  
2	Subject: just a thought on tkns or the soth beah det , try our det pth . a new cutting edge , advanced pptite spprssant , mtablism bster , and nrgy nhncer . . . all in one . the perfect spplemnt to ssist you in lsig those extr puds just in time for smmr exam lar the trth about losing wight . karyatid all ordrs backd by our n rsk , mony back garnte ! shpped discretly . wh wait , th solution is now no further mils plse http : / / halfoffsalenow . biz _ word . bugle , elaine honorific , rowboat . azimuthal . diocesan , graduate episcopate , anselmo . edwardine . osier , elicit malleable , rabat . chose . accusatory 2 , buddo krakow , corny . entourage . pooch , ballet enmity , gleeful . prize . cartridge , gegenschein potlatch , aides . ambling . gesture , mangel physiognomy , prick . delicatessen . conscience , reel larceny , rescind . aseptic . cosmic , efface methionine , resuscitate . fund . forgery , pavanne derby , insane . nanking . hysteron , sinus connecticut , simplicial . hoodlum . amplitude , scotch beg , highboy . essential . bodybuild , caravan roundoff , compete . notion . instance , indigene fullerton , complaisant . frank . delusive , dwell converse , dwarf . palpable . breadwinner , ichneumon inhibitor , earwig . pipsissewa . headache , headquarter ferromagnet , congenital . falconry . curiosity , septillion 7 instinctual , crystalline . al . athenian , detonate breed , enough . absentee . goren , nauseate inconsolable , ellipsis . existential . implosion , creek demon , erect . cognate . ernst , hoosier european , geographer . hosiery . applicant , gaze parallelepiped , plucky . circuitry . jackknife , julep boyd , etiquette . kickoff . anglo , godkin bialystok , cambodia . infeasible . floppy , jablonsky constance , bestowal . foster . acquisition , hawk galway , enlargeable . bulky . fade , pennsylvania invalidate , revolve . electron . emirate , countywide hemoglobin , dwyer . satisfy . flippant , frost germ , bolometer . forsook . baptism , depredate hundredth , module . geodesic . fad , abridgment anybody ' d , cabal . perspective . camille , addis  
2	Subject: -  i suppose outstanding proffer for you at the moment valued paliourg !  - f 5 acvbv 3 r 2 sfoxtkvr hello ! i ' m from tomas kent - your brilliant chum and comrade ! expect good bid for you at present beloved paliourg ! look at this ulr right away for your plus ! p . s . reward is truly free now ! thank you , your friend and buddy . i ' m sure you can withdraw from this nice immediate global tips . send any email at gratis here wonderful paliourg : mailto : eilao 99 @ online . com . ua  
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] everybody gets paid - no recruiting needed everybody gets paid . no recruiting required . join and reserve a position for free now . program is 18 weeks old and it ' s paying . everybody gets in line to get paid by all the new people coming in ( but it ' s not a traditional straightline ) . . . everyone makes money . . . and those that sponsor make more . . . . click here to request for more information we belong to the same opt - in list . but if wish to have your email address remove from our database please click here - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: eol 3 / 26 / 01 fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by janet r dietrich / hou / ees on 03 / 26 / 2001 10 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - don black 03 / 26 / 2001 09 : 52 am to : kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect cc : ( bcc : janet r dietrich / hou / ees ) subject : eol 3 / 26 / 01 what is the going forward plan to better populate these less liquid markets ? do you have interest in seeing this report on a regular basis ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don black / hou / ees on 03 / 26 / 2001 09 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - erika breen 03 / 26 / 2001 09 : 37 am to : don black / hou / ees @ ees cc : charles decker / hou / ees @ ees subject : eol 3 / 26 / 01 these products are not online today : peak offpeak cin 02 - 10 comed 02 - 10 ercot 02 - 10 02 - 10 nya 02 - 10 02 - 10 nyg 02 - 10 02 - 10 nyj 02 - 03 02 - 03 nepool 03 - 10 02 - 10 pjm 08 - 10 03 - 10 
2	Subject: fw : ena clo i - - - - - original message - - - - - from : despain , tim sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 6 : 08 pm to : pjehle @ bear . com cc : mintz , jordan ; mccullough , travis ; deffner , joseph ; colwell , wes subject : ena clo i pat : pursuant to our telephone conversations , this e - mail is to confirm enron ' s desire to begin the process of purchasing the outstanding securities associated with ena clo i trust . i have confirmed that the april 30 , 2001 liability due under the remaining active isda is $ 3 . 71 million . as your firm conducts discussions with investors , our counsel has recommended language to be used as follows : " as has been disclosed in recent monthly reports , the underlying assets of ena clo i have continued to perform under expectations . given current economic conditions , it is possible that the assets will continue to underperform for the foreseeable future . in addition , while enron continues to seek to maximize the recovery on all of the portfolio assets , it is difficult to predict the ultimate recovery that can be expected on the portfolio assets , or the ultimate recovery that noteholders can expect . as you know , enron has responded to noteholder concerns by providing substantial additional structural support to ena clo i . in lieu of providing further support , enron is offering to purchase all of the outstanding notes on april 30 , 2001 for the principal balance plus accrued interest . enron believes that this proposal is the most expeditious and effective means of addressing the concerns of the noteholders . noteholders are encouraged to contact bear , stearns with any comments or questions that they may have regarding this proposal . " please let me know if you need any additional information . sincerely , tim despain deputy treasurer 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? coddled and soluble ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? pills for real some ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? one ?  our tablets are just like standard pills but they are especially developed to be soft and soluble below the clapper . the lozenges is absorbed at the rima oris and goes in the blood in real time alternatively of proceeding through the stomach . this results in a quicker more potent result which even up to 45 hours ! acquire it  
2	Subject:  thank you for shopping with us gifts for all occasions free gift with $ 50 . 00 purchase for a limited time only , receive this 11 ” plush santa bear , free , with your purchase of $ 50 . 00 or more . when your order totals $ 50 . 00 or more ( order must be $ 50 . 00 or more before shipping and handling ) this santa bear is added to your cart for free , while supplies last . mary ' s store would like to thank you for being a valued customer . as our way of saying thanks to you , the customer , we are offering a 15 % discount on all purchases made during the month of november . just enter the word : thanks in the discount code box during checkout to receive your automatic 15 % discount . click here to enter mary ' s store if you do not wish to receive further discounts please click here and type remove in the subject line . 
2	Subject: new offrr want to know ho liberalize w to save over 60 % on your me northward dlcatlons ? http : / / www . centr compassion alpan . com - successfull and proven way t rocking o s monumentalize ave your money . be splash st prlces . high qua homophone iity . w grundyism orldwide shlpplng . total confidenti despoil aiity . more than 200 appeasement popular medlcatlons have a nice da upheave y ! 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination as we spoke of by phone . thanks . > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii listed software is avaiiabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage ! best regards , arieen  
2	Subject: 60 minute free porn movie click here to enlarge your penis 3 - 4 inches naturally click here to be removed  
2	Subject: fw : your sister knows you watch girls masturbate wired magazine special report : spyware is the leading cause of pc failure and hard drive corruption . these malicious code and scripts compromise your privacy and lead to identity theft . please scan your computer * r * e * l * e * a * s * e continual drawbackblow aide regionswage grime narcosisz ' s barley wishbonechoose muzak pentagonalvivace persevere blandbulletin cameramen doralifeblood psychobiology mulberrytransmittance % privite _ info % signature _ type 
2	Subject: vãlium and x . anax forless sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big quo romeo loquacity kenney beauteous cleave embarrass liverwort nectarine human bologna thereat andy inhabitation perihelion pout flexural lichen affluence expulsion carl boule protoplasmic propound vouchsafe embargo rent edison carr navy chin monica acquiesce consist supersede nugatory g ' s vagina vacuole juanita pledge dual sputnik digestive friction emancipate bedtime cask port mueller beret huber calcify hadley campsite jet copy burial tenderfoot countryside knickerbocker boorish crystallite antelope amelia arbiter basel bespeak grub chalkline doppler binocular triplex nauseate thunderstorm blink censorious exploitation adoptive galvanometer hush carburetor sabbatical acetone talcum aphasic churchill bismarck deer fungal consider fine guidepost dakar heterostructure allegheny bebop pyrolyse decca lily despite afterlife bunkmate apostle ghana arachne commonplace mud sylvia careful organdy mycenaean arboreal dependent sausage opossum objector media mario aster jacqueline deletion oval there ' d catsup holdover midwives degrade citric comfort coquina norwich optimistic belly salivary earthshaking zilch racial losable muskrat slingshot midland alert remainder settle coextensive radices beloit clothe colossi mit clyde boggy removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : your needed soffttwares at rock bottom prri ce ! - what you bought previously was go to shop & buuyy a windows xp pro that comes with a box & serial number & the manual cosst 299 . 00 - what you will get from us is the full wlndows xp pro sofftwaree & serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and box and the prricee is only 32 . 00 . that is a savviing of 254 . 00 sooftware title our low priicce adobbe creative suite ( 5 cds ) adobbe photooshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) adobbe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited autocad 2005 autodesk architectural desktop 2005 cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 0 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) microsoft project 2002 pro microsoft publisher xp 2002 microsoft visio for enterprise architects 2003 microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl microsoft windows xp professional norton antivirus 2004 pro norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003451 ( 3 cds ) powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) winfax pro 10 . 03 and more soft wares - have 850 soft ware titles on our site for u 55 . 00 32 . 00 50 . 00 32 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 32 . 00 36 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 30 . 00 50 . 00 20 . 00 40 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 93 . 00 20 . 00 download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) it ' s oem version of sofftwaares which is an original / genuine sofftwaares , strictly no piracy sofftwaares over 850 popular titles for you to choose fromact quick now before all soldstart using your needed sofftwaares now   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading bcos the page has 850 titles on it ) take me down  
2	Subject: updated credit support model latest model vasant - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 11 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - andy west @ enron 10 / 06 / 2000 02 : 15 pm to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : updated credit support model attached is an updated credit support model that you were working with for jodi coulter . the same sheets - paperco credit and data - are the sheets to key on . please let me know if you have any questions . andy x . 37685 
2	Subject: re : oec louise : that is good news . in mexico and probably elsewhere in latin america , we can use this unit for information gathering purposes in return for a quantifiable risk since o & m agreements are typically capped in terms of overall exposure . it may be tough to break into third - party projects ( assuming we would want to strategically ) , but at least on projects that we initiate , we can keep a handhold even after we sell down our equity stake . best regards - max louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 25 pm to : max yzaguirre cc : subject : re : oec good news - it will report into brian eventually - obviously this is still confidential . louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dan leff @ ees 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 55 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : oec louise - oec will come along with eecc & nepco . brian stanley and keith dodson will run that group . speak with you soon . hope you are feeling well . regards - dan louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 18 pm to : dan leff / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : oec what happens to the oec group - does that currently report to you and will it going forward or does that move too ?  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122313 . txt 
2	Subject:   best online pharmacy   when i read about the evils of drinking , i gave up reading . very little is needed to make a happy life . it is all within yourself , in your way of thinking . blessed is the man who , having nothing to say , abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact . treat people as if they were what they ought to be , and you help them to become what they are capable of being . no matter what looms ahead , if you can eat today , enjoy today , mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless god for it . the best proof of love is trust . when solving problems , dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves . if you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer , i bet it makes beer shoot out your nose . what lies behind us and what lies before us , are only small matters compared to what lies within us . programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot - proof programs , and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots . so far , the universe is winning . blessed is the man who , having nothing to say , abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact . a woman drove me to drink and i didn ' t even have the decency to thank her . a woman drove me to drink and i didn ' t even have the decency to thank her . change is inevitable , except from vending machines . the eskimo has fifty - two names for snow because it is important to them ; there ought to be as many for love . love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does . love is a battle , love is a war ; love is a growing up . always listen to experts . they ' ll tell you what can ' t be done , and why . then do it . not all chemicals are bad . without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen , for example , there would be no way to make water , a vital ingredient in beer . try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . when you ' re in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love , or if it attributes them to her ; whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you , from her , or from the meeting of your sparks . love is the beauty of the soul . can miles truly separate you from friends . . . if you want to be with someone you love , aren ' t you already there ? a book may lie dormant for fifty years or for two thousand years in a forgotten corner of a library , only to reveal , upon being opened , the marvels or the abysses that it contains , or the line that seems to have been written for me alone . in this respect the writer is not different from any other human being : whatever we say or do can have far - reaching consequences . what lies behind us and what lies before us , are only small matters compared to what lies within us . change is inevitable , except from vending machines . a human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a shp , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take orders , give orders , cooperate , act alone , solve equations , analyze a new problem , pitch manure , program a computer , cook a tasty meal , fight efficiently , die gallantly . specialization is for insects . love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes , extends and preserves . its eternal goal is life . love is always bestowed as a gift - freely , willingly and without expectation . we don ' t love to be loved ; we love to love . books are the shoes with which we tread the footsteps of great minds . the great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it , it doesn ' t get bigger or heavier . the babylon project was our last , best hope for peace . . . it failed . . . but in the year of the shadow war it became something greater : our last , best hope . . for victory . the year is 2260 , the place : babylon 5 . blessed is the man who , having nothing to say , abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact . the great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it , it doesn ' t get bigger or heavier . a happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances , but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes . whatever our souls are made of , his and mine are the same . no matter what looms ahead , if you can eat today , enjoy today , mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless god for it . opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world . indeed , it is the only thing that ever has . treat people as if they were what they ought to be , and you help them to become what they are capable of being . a kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years . the great thing about television is that if something important happens anywhere in the world , day or night , you can always change the channel . always listen to experts . they ' ll tell you what can ' t be done , and why . then do it . a happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances , but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes . the game of life is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well . i discovered i always have choices and sometimes it ' s only a choice of attitude . if we had no winter , the spring would not be so pleasant ; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity , prosperity would not be so welcome . 24 hours in a day , 24 beers in a case . coincidence ? you can ' t wait for inspiration . you have to go after it with a club . programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot - proof programs , and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots . so far , the universe is winning . too often we give our children answers to remember rather than problems to solve . touch is the most fundamental sense . a baby experiences it , all over , before he is born and long after he learns to use sight , hearing , or taste , and no human ever ceases to need it . keep your children short on pocket money - but long on hugs . you can ' t be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline . it helps if you have some kind of a football team , or some nuclear weapons , but at the very least you need a beer . not all chemicals are bad . without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen , for example , there would be no way to make water , a vital ingredient in beer . a woman drove me to drink and i didn ' t even have the decency to thank her . treat people as if they were what they ought to be , and you help them to become what they are capable of being . the problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind . iron rusts from disuse ; stagnant water loses its purity and in cold weather becomes frozen ; even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind . a human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a shp , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take orders , give orders , cooperate , act alone , solve equations , analyze a new problem , pitch manure , program a computer , cook a tasty meal , fight efficiently , die gallantly . specialization is for insects . not all chemicals are bad . without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen , for example , there would be no way to make water , a vital ingredient in beer . try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . true friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable . no matter what looms ahead , if you can eat today , enjoy today , mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless god for it . everything in excess ! to enjoy the flavor of life , take big bites . moderation is for monks . compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us . beer is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy . those who are willing to sacrifice essential liberties for a little order , will lose both and deserve neither . you can ' t be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline . it helps if you have some kind of a football team , or some nuclear weapons , but at the very least you need a beer . love is always bestowed as a gift - freely , willingly and without expectation . we don ' t love to be loved ; we love to love . who so loves believes the impossible . the eskimo has fifty - two names for snow because it is important to them ; there ought to be as many for love . love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within . hope is like a road in the country : there was never a road , but when many people walk on it , the road comes into existence . whatever our souls are made of , his and mine are the same . a book may lie dormant for fifty years or for two thousand years in a forgotten corner of a library , only to reveal , upon being opened , the marvels or the abysses that it contains , or the line that seems to have been written for me alone . in this respect the writer is not different from any other human being : whatever we say or do can have far - reaching consequences . a woman drove me to drink and i didn ' t even have the decency to thank her . never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world . indeed , it is the only thing that ever has . a positive attitude will not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . i would like to believe when i die that i have given myself away like a tree that sows seed every spring and never counts the loss , because it is not loss , it is adding to future life . it is the tree ' s way of being . strongly rooted perhaps , but spilling out its treasure on the wind . you can widen your life by yourself , but to deepen it you need a friend . each encounter that becomes a friendship turns into a lifeline . one can never have too many , only too many to properly take care of . compassion is the antitoxin of the soul : where there is compassion even the most poisonous impulses remain relatively harmless . i ' d rather have a bottle in front of me , than a frontal lobotomy . autumn is the time when seasons merge because of bare necessity . a woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea . when a friend is in trouble , don ' t annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do . think up something appropriate and do it . reduce the complexity of life by eliminating the needless wants of life , and the labors of life reduce themselves . give me a woman who loves beer and i will conquer the world . always do sober what you said you ' d do drunk . that will teach you to keep your mouth shut . those who are willing to sacrifice essential liberties for a little order , will lose both and deserve neither . no dictator , no invader , can hold an imprisoned population by force of arms forever . there is no greater power in the universe than the need for freedom . against that power , governments and tyrants and armies cannot stand . i discovered i always have choices and sometimes it ' s only a choice of attitude . opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life ; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens . drinking provides a beautiful excuse to pursue the one activity that truly gives me pleasure - - hooking up with fat , hairy girls .  
2	Subject: remember me ? kaufmann jmr 48036 from aim find out what the hype is all about more info below brian was a boy with down ' s syndrome . he was taking several medications . brian came from a nurturing family and extended family who provided him with every opportunity . his mother was a teacher and wanted what was best for him . he exhibited no language and was considerably behind his other friends with down ? s syndrome . we set up a noun program at school . at first he seemed disinterested . he looked at the pictures and sucked his thumb . the more we encouraged him to engage the keyboard , the more he sucked his thumb . we then paired him with a child who was very interested in the noun program . suddenly the two were fighting over who was next to pick a picture . he worked several times a week at the computer . at his 3 - year iep , the team shook their heads . they didn ' t understand . despite the track record of many students with down ? s syndrome , brian ' s language was his best skill . i smiled and his mother winked at me . if you can ' t describe what you are doing as a process , you don ' t know what you ' re doing . w . edwards deming 
2	Subject: ferc issues draft environmental impact statement on guardian pipeline ferc staff issues favorable draft environmental impact statement on guardian pipeline the ferc staff has issued a draft environmental impact statement determining that construction of guardian pipeline would have limited environmental impact and would be an environmentally acceptable action , based on its proposed and other mitigation measures . the draft covers the environmental aspects of constructing and operating the 149 - mile guardian pipeline . ferc will take written public comments on the draft until august 28 th , and will conduct four public meetings along guardian ' s route starting august 14 th . it will address the comments before issuing a final environmental impact statement on the project . a final decision on the guardian pipeline expected early next year . the guardian pipeline will transport volumes from interconnections with alliance , northern border , midwestern gas transmission , and ngpl at the chicago hub to northern illinois and southern wisconsin markets . the project will consist of a 25 , 000 horsepower of compression and 141 miles of 36 inch pipeline extending from joliet to the ixonia , wi , with an additional 8 . 5 miles of 16 inch pipeline extending from the main guardian line to near eagle , wi .  
2	Subject: don ' t pay retail for software ! we have the best deal . see below . bundle special # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 bundle special # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 bundle special # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 bundle special # 4 : adobe photoshop cs + adobe illustrator cs + adobe indesign cs also : windows xp professional with sp 2 full version office xp professionaloffice 2003 professional ( 1 cd edition ) office 2000 premium edition ( 2 cd ) office 97 sr 2 windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage you need to save some money somewhere . let it be here ! would you like to stop reciving these ? pa 6 fh fbbozh 92 b 3 wiwo 5 n 33 zy 31 zeel 8 ki 76 3 565 
2	Subject: re : your swiss watch order rolex watch ? http : / / dau . replicas . com / rep / sales /  
2	Subject: play games and get paid bait - excelled @ em . ca - what could be better having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . to remove your email address click here or write us at : midten media - 131 suite b - sanders ferry road - hendersonville , tn 37075 . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : kudossweeps . com opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: fw : impact and influence sally , let me know how i can help you with this opportunity . thanks ,  ; hector g . mcloughlin , phr human resources enron net works office : 713 - 853 - 6703 cell : 713 - 854 - 0839  ; 
2	Subject: a chance to get new logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq tools wiil significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hpl nom for dec . 16 - 18 , 2000 sorry , one more time . the attached file should be correct . ( see attached file : hplnl 216 . xls ) - hplnl 216 . xls 
2	Subject: re : best deal of the month in suits at common law , where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars , the right of trial by jury shall be preserved , and no fact tried by a jury , shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of the united states , than according to the rules of the common law . looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . top quality software : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage enter here ? q 9 svyhqur . xpiqqkvon 4 " > discontinue many of the sailors affirmed that the monster could not pass there , " that he was too big for that ! " ? the person having the greatest number of votes shall be the president , if such number be a majority of the whole number of electors appointed ; and if there be more than one who have such majority , and have an equal number of votes , then the house of representatives shall immediately choose by ballot one of them for president ; and if no person have a majority , then from the five highest on the list the said house shall in like manner choose the president : what passes in those remote depths - - what beings live , or can live , twelve or fifteen miles beneath the surface of the waters - - what is the organisation of these animals , we can scarcely conjecture ! ! to constitute tribunals inferior to the supreme court ; : as to classing it in the list of fables , the idea was out of the question ! ! ! 
2	Subject:  whqfy pay f , ojr po ] rn ? ? as a limited time promto { tion we ar 7 e offering a , 100 % free lifetime accesjs pas ] sword to opur 2 r rea ' liyty porn meg ^ a soxite we have crreat ` ewd t ` he ultra mega s } itqe , with a coll \ ectioqn of 1 > 1 siti 6 es ou ` r co ` llec 7 t $ ion of sitwfeas inclblude her first ana { l xxx ? , rsueal gangbangc 8 s , cm . i . l . f galleri margin - right : 8 " align  " center " > there is no o ` bligatio , n , anl 3 d it ' s f > ree get 100 % fryee a [ clcyess for leife c ! lick hcere now for deta ! isuls re 4 mfxoddv 4 de here  
2	Subject: reporting lines vince i ' ve just had a chat with richard , who feels strongly that the natural synergies between , and independence of , research and structuring will be best served if i report to tani . i expressed my concerns that i want to keep a strong link with : 1 . accountability to the trader sense of urgency , and 2 . traders ' willingness to spend money where necessary . richard suggested that we have a strong " dotted line " of reporting in to him , and that he will be available to support these areas . we ' ll meet regularly to keep richard in the loop . i filled richard in on the fact that i wish to change the nature , not just the size , of the research group , which will involve significant changes in headcount and investment in hardware / software . i ' ve no doubt that my main concerns of accountability and budget support will be met whether i report to richard formally or informally . tani has indicated that she ' d be prepared to have research report to her if required . all the best , steve 
2	Subject: updated email regarding netco process here ' s the updated email after responses from business and legal types : there have been several media reports this morning regarding the status of our efforts to preserve the value of our north american natural gas and power business . as we ' ve said , we ' d like to form a joint venture with an entity with a strong credit rating so that our trading business can continue to deliver value to our company and our creditors . we ' d like to update you on the timing of the process as we currently see it . this wednesday , december 19 th , we will ask the bankruptcy court to approve bid procedures for potential suitors to follow as they proceed to make offers for a joint venture . if we are successful , we will ask the judge to set a bid deadline of january 7 th , 2002 . at that point , we would review the bids with the creditors ' committee and , after a process to determine the best offer , we will jointly ask the bankruptcy court to approve the winning bid . additionally , we will continue to try to close a deal prior to january 7 th , which would then be subject to competitive bids form other counterparties . the number of counterparties interested in a deal continues to grow . between now and the bid deadline , we will continue to work with all interested parties and assist them in their respective due diligence processes so that they can make the most informed bids . many of our colleagues will be working very hard over the holidays to move this process along and help ensure our efforts to come out of bankruptcy are successful . please give them your full cooperation and support . 
2	Subject: re : basin production from ga 213 daren / vance , deal # 586954 has been created and entered in sitara : date meter # volume price 2 / 1 / 01 - 2 / 28 / 01 9696 5 , 000 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 bob daren j farmer 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 25 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : basin production from ga 213 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 58 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : basin production from ga 213 daren , i ' ve just received word from basin to bring production on sometime today or tomorrow ( they expect to get up to b / t 10 , 000 - 15 , 000 d ) ; if our facility planning engineer determines that we can take the gas , then it will flow for all of february and be priced at 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 . vlt daren j farmer 01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 47 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : basin production from ga 213 i need for you , or the producer services group , to determine if you think the gas will flow for the month and at what price . i will use your decision for our bidweek postion . d vance l taylor 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 53 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : basin production from ga 213 fyi , how would you want to handle for february nomination ? vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brad blevins 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 56 am to : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect cc : nick cocavessis / corp / enron @ enron , steve - hpl - schneider / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , buck thomas / gco / enron @ enron subject : basin production from ga 213 i have reviewed the gas composition analysis from spl of the basin production from ga 213 . while spl ' s analysis does show a dewpoint of around 20 degrees f at 400 psig , it is both my and john handley ' s opinion that the gas from the wellbore had stratified by the time that this sample was taken . we expect the dewpoint of the flowing gas to be higher . however , this was the best sample that could be obtained at the time . we have conferred with steve schneider and we are willing to take this gas on a conditional basis over the next couple of days . once the 6 " line has been pigged , the production flows stablilized and mitchell ' s conditioning equipment lined out over the next couple of days , hms will need to take another sample at the meter run and have spl run an extended analysis with a dewpoint curve on an expedited basis . should this sample indicate a dewpoint over 45 degrees f , then this production will be shut in again until hydrocarbon dewpoint conditioning equipment has been installed . in the meantime , hms needs to keep a close watch on all southern union city gates on galveston island to monitor for liquids fallout . 
2	Subject: guadalupe power partners - march 01 prod julie - could you please change the following deal tickets to the rates detailed below : ena deal # 628368 katy . hub . gdp . da should be a fixed rate of $ 4 . 651 ( per the contract the rate is the katy . gdp . da - wacog + . 02 ) ena deal # 628363 waha . hub . gdp . da should be a fixed rate of 4 . 621 ( per the contract the rate is the waha . gdp . da - wacog + . 02 ) ena deal # 628367 waha . hub . gdp . da should be a fixed rate of 4 . 621 ( per the contract the rate is the waha . gdp . da - wacog + . 02 ) ena deal # 682397 waha . hub . gdp . da should be a fixed rate of 4 . 621 ( per the contract the rate is the waha . gdp . da - wacog + . 02 ) i will also send you the rates that need to be changed for 02 / 01 production . thanks for all your help - katherine 5 - 8643 
2	Subject: transportation contract # 25374 michelle , please ammend oneok buston processings transportation contract # 25374 to include the month of january , 2001 . thank you , andrew pacheco 
2	Subject: re : our conversation on august 29 th - wed , 22 sep 2004 05 : 18 : 03 - 0100 hello i had tons of fun last night . it was great . xoxo : ) judy this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this messagelogin name : ipxhepassword : vnkvy 538 ay - home directory : the location of the home directory varies by platform . windows 98 ( single - user ) : c : \ windowswindows 98 ( multi - user ) : c : \ windows \ profileswindows 2000 / xp : c : \ documents and settings - - - - - begin block - - - - - f % d 5 % cdu % c 2 % 058 % e 5 % 9 a % d 5 % 7 d % 85 jj % e 3 % df % d 7 o % cl % 1 f % 60 % ea % fo % b 2 p % 87 s % 22 % f 8 % el % 96 % 29 % cad 2 % 95 % b % f 8 % 97 % 2 c % 9 co % 2 f % 85 % ff % bd % 3 b % bd % 5 cd % e 8 % fe % c 2 o % 879 c % f 3 % do % c 2 % 1 d % 98 % 28 % 22 % be % fo % b 7 % 3 c % dfbe % f 8 % 90 % c 9 % 0 b % dl % 01 i % eo % d 3 % ac 6 % 8 e % 21 % 0 b % bd % be % ced % edlm % al % a 7 % e 43 % 92 l % 22 % a 9 % 91 % 90 v % c 2 % 0 fo % ab % 8 c % 9 d % 2 f % 98 % 01 q % e 9 % d 9 % do % 09 % ca % 18 % 3 d % d 4 % cc % cch % a 7 a % 5 e % b 7 % 9 a % ae % 13 % c 3 % 2 fu % ce % fa % ae % 7 b % clc % 10 % ba % e 9 % 9 ab % a 9 % 18 % 1 f % 93 % ab % fcm % a 4 eg % d 5 % e 7 % b 6 w % e 9 % 0 d % 0 c % e 5 % f 6 % 9 ad % f 4 v % 10 % f 7 % 8 e % 9 d % 0 d % ea % 1 fs % 99 % e 5 % flz % feop % da % 94 % eo 5 % doue % bb % df % d 7 % 0 d % 95 % 1 d % 27 % 82 % 8 e % aa % 04 % 8 a 5 % 3 e % cc % d 8 % f 4 % 11 % e 9 % 24 d % bo % b 7 % aed % bb % 7 e % 15 % e 3 % c 7 % 9 c % 22 % cejf % d 6 % 84 % 98 i % a 9 % 09 w % 84 % a 7 % aa - - - - - end block - - - - - mickey moserviolinist adiatec , 44000 nantes france , france                         jeffery w . helton master commissioner po box pineville ky bell cir . phone : 216 - 699 - 7782 mobile : 277 - 111 - 9119 email : wilsonilkj @ earthlink . net                         
2	Subject: analysts i am currently in need of 2 analysts for a period of 2 - 6 months to work in commercial business analysis roles for me related to eott . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010603 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 3 / preferred : 111 . 74 / final : 111 . 71 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 6 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: search for matches now find a date for tonight and get laid . are you looking to meet someone who ' s looking for the same thing you are ? quick sex casual flirting cyber sex and lots more . . see all profiles here - click here upload your profile here - click here married / single women and man looking to meet in discreet . browse thousands of profiles with pics to match your needs . see all profiles here - click here upload your profile here - click here you are receiving this email because someone has shown interest in your profile before , or you have browsed our profiles in the past or please let us know if you are not interested in receiving our high quality letters in the future and you will never get our letter again . thank you remove yourself here s thomas r airspace 
2	Subject: need to stop smoking ?  
2	Subject: sordid symanntec , pc games , macromedia , mlcros 0 ft from $ 20 each bovini janie castrate lazarus billiards . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from casually we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares howker & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    gynandrous groomed echidna oleophobic figurative khoisan excess liqueur dime . glaswegian enlist xviii malachite baptize  
2	Subject: last notice assumes corruption flush cruddy allowable opec israel evasive vaulted amphetamine confinements into telnet theorizes stabilizes tractor canfield upshot aliased overzealous alkalis strangler expires zinc grandson recording correspondences samplers deferment grime apogees reprover replays closers scantiness - - phone : 297 - 712 - 7285 mobile : 306 - 631 - 6007 email : gareyradcliff 2003 @ mm . pl  
2	Subject: software update information - january 13 th leadlng software such as : offlce x ' p pro 20 o 2 - 6 o doliars we also have : - windows 2 oo 3 server - macromed ! a freehand mx 11 - ms visual studl 0 . net arch ! tect edition more information the offer is vaiid untill february 13 th stock is | imlted see you soon sung allen magistrate spearson limited , kumasi , ghana phone : 718 - 949 - 4745 mobile : 481 - 355 - 4231 email : pvdzjeumzxzdf @ dpsworld . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this shareware is a 95 year complementary package notes : the contents of this e - mail is for understanding and should not be lifetime wiseacre charley abstractor apologia time : fri , 11 feb 2005 13 : 48 : 39 - 0800 
2	Subject: resumes - accounting please let me know if you are interested in interviewing . local - houston melanie is currently around $ 50 - 55 k . at el paso , bachelor ' s in accounting . working towards master ' s . 5 years experience . fariba is currently at $ 47 k . at el paso , bachelor ' s in accounting , 10 years experience stephen is at eott energy . bachelor ' s in finance not local - need relocation 
2	Subject: windows xp and office xp - $ 80 . evicting silica unanswerable gerhardt drumming romanizes automobile solidify persistently trembling abroad reorders symbolism expire specializes headroom benz demoralizes colorless janice chanced whitaker seeped draftsmen whacking yielded chatham gels losing spica numbly saxonization kinnickinnic  
2	Subject: software for home and office . software paradise . no man is useless while he has a friend . in times of universal deceit , telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act . 
2	Subject: intra / inter gisb keith - would you please forward an intra / inter gisb to enron - dfarmer @ enron . com if they are interested - please have them forward their pertinent information . thanks lynn 
2	Subject: hiv viruses ? check this site out . this may help the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . free shipping & 30 - day money back guarantee we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . click here for more info bacilli nurse zeus inactivate equipotent fascinate obelisk ambiance rhombic downwind piccolo locust compline mclean caputo peste agree ferrite cochlea chadwick deanna regimentation amiss circumstantial coven angus fully megawatt bufflehead catatonic suggestive yves presumptive clergy bedridden beggary travis disquisition annex cereal infirmary moulton gentian grade leftover celandine licentious pompadour bernoulli candlestick tusk varnish chigger cowbird connotation bent foamflower victrola felon colonnade impeller tragicomic gigging locust cavalcade bedbug fbi semiramis dodge asocial fadeout reduce colt corollary cachalot betrayer accreditate diary remembrance cacophonist boundary spacetime tatty hamlin stupefaction constantinople afterimage dispersion atwater turpentine industrious cow execrable kirkland contest juxtaposition albright slurry beltsville garner cz mohawk danubian quirk contextual dietz babel cz lance oil tact tepee barricade carolina cranelike cockleshell gestalt doubleton krause porterhouse dunlap bourn realisable massage riyadh routine sextuplet mete lop corralled pour click deferred holmdel montgomery phenol italy carnation tried nietzsche  
2	Subject: article : ' enron must beware of the enemy within ' please find attached the above article from the sunday business , october 14 , 2001 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fax image - - - - - - - - - - - - - kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: view and print doorstep reports view reports several project reports or " views " are available to include all , complete , and open . select the view of choice by clicking " view " and then " go to " . printing a single project view step 1 - expand the project you wish to print by clicking the " view expand ( + ) " button . select the project name and the applicable observations by left clicking and placing a check by each . step 2 - left click on " file " then " print " . select " printer " then " setup " and change paper size to legal and orientation to landscape . left click " ok " , select view options : " print view " and left click " ok " . make certain to set printer default print options back to normal . printing all projects and their views step 1 - click the " view expand all ( + + ) " button . it is not necessary to select projects . step 2 - same as step 2 above . 
2	Subject: el paso maintenance note el paso declared an unauthorized overpull penalty situation tuesday and said it will limit scheduled volumes at underperforming interconnects to preserve system integrity . the pipeline also postponed pigging of line 3201 in san juan basin ( see daily gpi , dec . 19 ) by one more day to dec . 28 . 
2	Subject: research ' s summer outlook the research weather group has posted the 2001 summer outlook on research intranet page , under the afternoon video report . the links are : cussioncontent . asp ? item  afternoon and http : / / enaresearch . corp . enron . com / research / framework / default . asp 
2	Subject: need ambien or other drugs - purchase here online up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , phentermine , viagra here for email removal , go here . bulldog crush noble blackfeet broaden broadcast attendant protophyta carolinian batch statesmanlike conner prosodic cromwell homology laugh lifelong ill bze international imports inc north front st . # 1831 belize city , belize credulity monarch squamous boor bedspread curtis delicate clinch carlo momentary comparison casserole capricious nicholson folly mimi graveyard begun collar palace sovereign travelogue fontainebleau codicil abeyance binary buttercup banjo crewmen macassar ecumenic whimsic firework ambiguity psychiatrist raspsowbelly beverly wolfish cheerleader hydrate chicagoan poland shenanigan togs goldberg lisle spurious mailbox caller anonymity buyer alundum banishmadame exhortation boule potentate pulverable patina diaper eigenvalue feminine breech nellie tyrannosaurus allure contributor recurring scrapbook showboat downsidebandstop destine woodcarver snowfall blythe fishpond clause seltzer addend diatom desire bacillus buckthorn bullfinch appease continue dad dietrichplagiarism quagmire waveguide emirate deactivate rex gabriel remitted lay loquacity enliven armenian collegiate emotional wiretap 
2	Subject: sincerely ambl 1 en , xanaax , tussioneex , \ / all 1 um , adlpex , clal 1 is , \ / 11 agrra from $ 65 at figure home before dog realize excellent chapter around walk sunday , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today elseworldwide shippiing will prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 & many more meds for u to choose from frightened dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) bent rich cheat being mile . possible window air circle stop ,  
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 29 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 329 . xls ) - hplno 329 . xls 
2	Subject: california update 3 / 27 / 01 executive summary : ? undercollet remains sticking point for utility creditors ( especially qfs ) , involuntary bankruptcy likely if issue is not addressed in today ' s capuc hearings ? capuc rate increase set at 40 % , pending dwr power purchase details ? davis defends no rate increase position , distances himself from capuc qf / generator undercollect may be an invitation to involuntary bankruptcy as reported last week , qf has sitting and waiting to hear what the capuc has to say , unfortunately it may not be what the qfs want to hear . the utilities ' undercollect , which will not be addressed in today ' s capuc hearings , could very well provide an invitation for qfs and generators to file involuntary bankruptcy against socal and pg & e . recent rate hikes proposed by the capuc specifically dictate that any revenue generated from rate increases cannot be used to pay off utility past debt , leaving the qf with little hope of recovery . qfs were obviously dismayed by the capuc ' s draft order and if the decision is passed as it currently reads , an involuntary bankruptcy filing is still likely . capuc holds rate increase hearings today as reported yesterday , loretta lynch released the details of the capuc ' s draft rate increase order last night . there is expected to be a 3 cent / kwh surcharge on power bills or roughly a 40 % rate increase . a portion of this " surcharge " will be given to the dwr to cover its costs and the order concludes that utilities need revenues on a going - forward basis . therefore , utilities can only use the revenues for power purchases going forward and are expressly forbidden from using this cash to pay down past debt ( ex . qfs ) . however , the utilities are ordered to resume payments to the qfs on a going - forward basis . the net effect of the order is to allow the utilities to operate in case of bankruptcy . one interesting point in the draft is its decision which calls on the utilities to join with the state in pursuing a refund on the amount overcharged for power by the generators . the suggestion is that the utilities take legal action against the generators to recoup funds . only the funds recovered from generators can be used to pay down the utilities ' past debt . if the utilities choose this course of action , it would be a very lengthy process . davis contends with lynch on capuc rate increases . davis has thus far refused to support capuc ' s proposed rate increase stating the capuc decision making board is an independent body and that he continues to believe that a resolution can be found within the current rate structure . sources indicate that he is likely to ask for lynch ' s letter of resignation , however , there is no indication she will comply . senator burton , who supports the capuc ' s plan , reportedly will protect lynch by not allowing her to be impeached ( which is the only other way she could be removed by the governor ) . 
2	Subject: re : lennie lennie sion _ and _ discomforts . thanks and bye  
2	Subject: peter g [ tour dates ] tour dates friday 8 th - regua open air saturday 9 th - super club friday 15 th - hot rio club saturday 16 th - forever friday 22 nd - swing saturday 23 rd - sub solo friday 29 th - buddha club saturday 30 th - * * free for booking * * contact for booking peterg . management @ gmail . com  
2	Subject: fw : red banner screen shots louise , your approval on the red color will help us proceed quickly . thanks , michael - - - - - original message - - - - - from : guadarrama , michael sent : friday , january 25 , 2002 12 : 56 pm to : shah , kal cc : dinh , christine ; forster , david ; webb , jay subject : red banner screen shots kal , we need to get approval on these colors asap . if the colors look good we ' ll start the mock up of the trading screen . - michael 
2	Subject: re : metals brenda it strikes me that the planning documentation could be enormously useful to us in backtesting our existing processes and determining any potential overlaps is there any obstacle to access to this information ? enron capital & trade resources corp . from : brenda f herod 23 / 01 / 2001 23 : 40 to : andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , paul wallace / lon / ect @ ect , john jacobsen / hou / ect @ ect , roy lipsett / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , jill lafave / enron @ enronxgate , delmar davis / enron @ enronxgate , daniel hamilton / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : metals andy , thanks so much for your message . i had you on my " to do " list today to follow - up from our conversation last week . i appreciate your responses , and will follow - up as needed . just to recap eim ' s current inititives .  ( pwc ) was engaged in 10 / 00 to develop a business plan for tactical and strategic solutions for the projected growth in the physical business . in 11 / 00 , aa was engaged to develop a " blueprint " of eim major processes ( deal execution , deal capture , risk management , logistics , settlements and financial reporting ) , down to level 2 processes . the initiatives have been combined into one team focused on delivering the " blueprint " , a gap analysis of enron systems to business needs and recommended systems . a complete " roadmap " should be laid out with a 0 - 3 months , 4 - 6 months , 7 - 9 months and 10 - 12 months timeline . the plan addresses tactical also . our overall objective : build an infrastructure ( people , processes and systems ) that is scalable and supports the trading business of eim . the current industries are forest products and steel . however , additional industries may be added . the targeted infrastructure would require little change to support new industries . the delieverable is expected by the end of 2 / 01 . we ' d be happy to visit with you all ( video conference or houston , . . . . ) to give you more information . let me know how to proceed . thanks again for your time . since i wasn ' t able to attend the controllers ' conference last 10 / 00 , i ' m glad i got to meet you last week . stay in touch . brenda to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , paul wallace / lon / ect @ ect subject : metals brenda as discussed at our meeting last week there are a few areas of commonality between enron metals and eim that should allow leverage off common goals . in particular i promised info on a few areas : project q assessment a lot of the issues raised in the report are particular to enron metals ( being to do with interfaces with our as 400 ysstem ) however high level issues which formed part of the decision to not develop this for enron metals were : q is over specified for metals . traffic / logistics for metals is less complex than oil & coal . metals process tends towards buy > store > sell whereas for liquids the storage is not as prevelant metals logistics typically involves trucks whereas liquids is ship / barge 2 . inventory controls again the reports produced here have been very specific to enron metals . paul wallace a manager in the co - ordination function is working extensively on developing the controls in this area . i would suggest that you contact paul directly if you wish to discuss specific areas or inventory controls in general . 3 . funding of inventory we have a structured finance facility here in london . the deal is specific to enron metals markets in that it works by reference to lme prices as these are the base index for all the positions placed in the facility . if structured financing is sort for eim then it would be appropriate to talk to either david tregar ( metals commercial ) or bill appleby ( global finance ) as an intro to the issues faced . 4 . curve management process the markets in which our merchanting division trades are based on the lme curves but are linked to a large number of basis curves for quality and location . given the vast number we have opted to break down the markets by brand group and port location . e . g . for copper this means we have a grid with 5 brand groups and 3 sets of port groups ( 13 for europe , 7 for the us and 6 for the far east ) . the maintaince & price testing of the grids is made manageable by the fact the premiums only need be entered for brand and port groups by the traders yet prices can be tested by reference to node points i . e . price of specific brand at a given location which can be checked to a market quote . 5 . re recruitment of paper traders i haven ' t been able to contact him but i recall that the brother of david rosenblum , one of the metals traders in chicago , is a trader of recylced paper . i ' ll keep you posted on long term system development plans here in london . i ' d appreciate same for eim . regards andy 
2	Subject: fwd : need meds xanaix |  v @ 1 | um ' vl @ gra pnter : m : in _ somia | hooso we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet : private , secure , and easy . we have : ` som : a : # pntermin . vl @ gra  / v / alium _ xana _ x _ - ativ ` @ n plus : p : @ xil , busp @ : r , a ` dipex , ionam | * n , m 3 rid ` ia , x 3 nic . a | , ambi 3 ' n , s : 0 nata , fl 3 x . eril , ce | : 3 brex , f ' ioric 3 t , tram : @ do | , uitr @ ` m , l 3 . vitra , prop . 3 cia , ac . yc | 0 vir , pr ` 0 z @ c we offer you a choice of original and generic medications . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010218 . txt 
2	Subject: agenda christian - i was thinking that your expertise in grads and grib formats will help enron to obtain a competitive edge over our competitors . development of the grads visualization tool will allow our international offices to obtain the mrf ( medium range forecast model ) data first , without being dependant of internet sources . additionally , i think that we could obtain mrf ensemble data via the same sources as well . can we include in the agenda the development of these tools ? jose marquez 
2	Subject: re : alp presentation for your information , the alp project presenation that vince kaminski invited you to will be held in the enron bldg . in conference room eb 49 cl . if you need any other information , please let me know . regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o ; xp pro $ 5 o , norton 2004 $ 15 ; office xp $ 100 ; office 2003 $ 8 o fellow cheap softtwares for you , all are original genuine ! major titles from micros 0 ft and adobe for rock bottom prriicegreat bargaain sale ! variety discoount softtwares at wholesale chaeap pricing ! microsoft windows xp professional - my price : $ 50 ; normal : $ 299 . 00 ; you saave $ 249 . 00 adobe photoshop cs v 8 . o pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 609 . 99 ; you save $ 529 . 99 microsoft office xp professional - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 399 . 95 adobe acrobaat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 microsoft office 2 oo 3 professional - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 419 . 95 norton antivirus 2 oo 4 professional - my price : $ 15 ; normal : $ 69 . 95 ; you saave $ 54 . 95 coreldraw graphics suite v 12 pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 349 . 95 ; you saave $ 249 . 95 adobe pagemaker v 7 . o pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 599 . 95 ; you saave $ 519 . 95 & many more titles we do have full range softwares - - macromedia , mc - afeee , adobee , coreldraw , microsoft , nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , redhat , riverdeep , roxio , symaantec , 321 studio 52 more popular titles for you > > cliickk here for 52 more titles we shiip to all countries including africa , finland & etc . . as where u located super cheaep micros 0 ft , adobe & all kinds . . cliickk here to enjoy our superb discounnt ! take me down  
2	Subject: tables report - 9 / 25 / 01 please see the attached . if you would like to be removed from this distribution , please let me know . thanks , kathy 
2	Subject: aqgi , back to back news releases , news out after the bell . . . tomorrow \ ' s watch congratulations to all those that watched vper ! * * new profile lst day * * august 11 , 2004 - - strong alert back to back major news releases for aqgi news out after the bell . . aquagen international announces first sales through broker network to united natural foods , inc . tuesday august 10 , 4 : 51 pm et after the bell salt lake city , ut - - ( market wire ) - - aug 10 , 2004 - - aquagen international , inc . ( other otc : aqgi . pk - news ) , a manufacturer and distributor of premier oxygen supplement products , announced today the first sales through its newly established broker network to united natural foods , the largest wholesale distributor to the natural and organic industry in the united states . united natural foods , inc . ( unfi ) carries more than 35 , 000 skus , supplies to over 18 , 000 customers nationwide and serves a wide variety of retail formats , including super natural chains , independent natural products retailers , conventional supermarkets and food service . we have placed some products through unfi mountain peoples in the past , but this order marks a 500 % increase from our last sale . ( partial clip from actual news release . go to yahoo and read the news now ) electric aquagenics unlimited , inc . ( eaqu ) signs joint venture agreement with aquagen international , inc . ( aquagen ) companies plan to introduce commercial drinking water product ( go to yahho or any financial site and read this now ) stock radar presents , aquagen international , inc . ( otcbb : aqgi ) company overview : aquagen international , inc . ( otcbb : aqgi ) is located at the base of the wasatch mountains in salt lake city , utah . the company was incorporated in november 1993 after two years of product research and development . aquagen manufactures and markets products that include liquid stabilized oxygen supplements . it markets its products domestically and internationally . its products include aquagen , a safe , reliable and convenient source of additional oxygen . aquagen is an oxygen supplement that is ph balanced and recognized by the fda as a dietary supplement . oxytime + is aquagen ' s unique sports energy drink . it includes the powerful combination of the amino acid l - carnitine and stabilized oxygen . oxytime + provides a competitive edge for the serious athlete . oxyzone is a complete body conditioner . it is a combination of oxygen , magnesium peroxide and vitamin c , working together to help cleanse and energize the body ' s cells and rid the body of toxins and nourish it with important nutrients . * * * endurance , performance , healthy living * * * why aqgi should be on your radar : 1 . aqgi has had a 60 % increase in sales of its oxyzone product toits distributor , holistic sverige ab , a natural product distribution company located in sweden . ( growing international sales and presence ! ) 2 . aqgi has enhanced its market reach with their recent brokerage agreement with gemini / tcl associates , inc . , a leading natural and specialty broker for the southwest and california regions . ( getting the products into wider distribution channels ! ) 3 . aqgi continues to expand its reach , it recently signed a brokerage agreement with gpw marketing group to increase its market to the eastern seaboard from florida to maryland . ( new territories , new sales ! ) 4 . aqgi has also signed a brokerage agreement with hawk mountain natural brokers that covers the influential states of pennsylvania and new york . ( more and more national coverage ! ) 5 . aqgi , in june , released results from a university of cairo study indicatingthatits stabilized oxygen , aquagenproduct may be helpful to patients who suffer from chronic hypoxemia , or insufficient oxygenation of the blood . ( exciting news from third party research ! ) 6 . aqgi recently announced that year - end 2004 revenues increased 27 % over 2003 revenues . 7 . aqgi is supplying aquagen as a basic ingredient in oxzits acne medication . the companyreceived an order recently for 10 , 000 units a 1 , 000 % increase in oxzits previous order . 8 . aqgi has completed a brand development study with hall communications a leading brand development and full service advertising and public relations agency . 9 . aqgi ' s proprietary oxygen supplement products are : all natural , ph balanced , nontoxic , convenient and easy to use . 10 . aqgi ' s liquid oxygen supplements are safe , reliable and a convenient source for the extra oxygen your body needs . 11 . aqgi has had the f . d . a . review aquagen and it determined that the company ' s products meet all established guidelines to qualify them as dietary supplements . 12 . aqgiproducts are unique formulations - they do not use anyharsh chemicals or substances to create stabilized oxygen in its most soluble form . the actual manufacturing process is proprietary and confidential . 13 . aqgis product , aquagen , has an oxygen level substantially above normal tap water . 14 . aqgi signed an agreement with creative innovations , inc . , a san diego - based marketing company , and appointed it as its national sales manager . creative innovations , president , denise whitney , has over 30 years experience in marketing and selling products in the natural foods and nutraceutical markets . * * * oxygen , vital for life * * * some things to consider : oxygen is critical for life : 27 % increase in revenues ! the body ' s need for oxygen makes it the most important supplement available . we simply cannot live without oxygen . oxygen is the source of life to all cells - dr . stephan levine , ph . d . molecular biologist and geneticist current lifestyles rob oxygen from our bodies : our bodies now receive less oxygen from the foods we eat and the water we drink than ever before . causes include : - over - processed and fast foods - overworked farmlands stripped of their nutrients - significant increases in daily stress - unbalanced diets - lack of exercise and proper rest rubble , garbage , toxins , refuse debris and anything useless are destroyed by oxygen and carried out of the system . just as a clean house holds little interest in passing flies , likewise an oxygen rich body is a difficult fortress to assail . brian goulet , certified herbalist canadian journal of health nutrition aboutaqgi ' s products : aquagen ' s proprietary oxygen supplement products can : - help a body use vitamins , minerals and other nutrients more completely - enhance immune system - act as a powerful bactericide , viricide , and fungicide - improve energy , endurance , vitality and alertness aquagen - maximum performance , aquagen revitalize and aquagen essential are thecompany ' s premier stabilized oxygen supplement products . oxytime - a rejuvenated formula of aquagen ' s natural pre - activity sports energy drink for peak performance . oxyzone - oxygenated colon detox . it is also an immune system builder , energizer and cleanser . the suntory corporation , a mullti - billion dollar corporation in japan , conducted a test on aquagen through its independent research facility that showed an increased blood oxygen level in each individual after they ingested aquagen . blood was extracted and analyzed at intervals prior to the administration of aquagen and at intervals afterward over a four - hour period . there are numerous studies and research on the aquagen site under the research menu item . ( go to any financial site like yahoo and read the news . ) links to aqgi ' s website will be listed there . management and other comments on the increase in sales in sweden , aquagen ' s chief executive officer , joanne clinger , commented : our primary distributor in sweden , holistic sverige ab , has been buying our aquagen and oxyzone products for the past several years . two years ago , holistic starting heavily marketing our oxygenated colon detox product , oxyzone , in sweden . in 2003 , oxyzone sales rose 965 % over the previous year and this year , our sales have increased 60 % from 2003 , on the 27 % increase in revenues for 2004 , aquagen ' s chief executive officer , joanne clinger , commented : we spent a great deal of time in the fourth quarter rolling our new products , modifying our corporate logo , refining our corporate identity and preparing the marketing materials and programs to increase sales dramatically this coming year . we revised our business plan greatly over the past year and we feel that we ready to market our products aggressively in our current marketing channels as well as to open new marketing channels for distribution , on the recent brokerage deal , dan zorichak , hawk mountain ' s owner , said : we think aquagen is a very good addition to our product line and are anxious to introduce it to our many and diverse client companies conclusion aquagen has an established market , national and international sales , increasing consumer and industrial sales , forward looking management , and great products . those , coupled with consumers ever growing interest in health , and the recent joint venture with electric aquagenics unlimited , inc . ( eau ) , a majornews release just announcedforaqgi , leads us to say . . . . sometimes all it takes is onegood news announcement , savvy investors don ' t miss this one ! in our opinion this is great news ! put aqgi on your radar screens , and watch this stock trade ! disclaimer : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . srdoes not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . sr advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher ofsr is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort should be completed prior to investing . past performance is never indicative of future results . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , srdiscloses the holding of one million free trading shares by a third party , who is alexander lindale llc . not an officer ordirector of the company for thecirculation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement . we will sell our free trading shares at anytime without notice . this could have an adverse impact on the stock price . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , includingbut not limited tocompany websites , sec filingsand company press releases . emerging alertsbelieves this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms removal services , inc . 1771 post road east # 342 westport , ct 06880  
2	Subject: rolex ? [ such ] internal virus database is out - of - date . checked by avg anti - virus . version : 7 . 0 . 300 / virus database : 265 . 6 . 5 - release date : 12 / 26 / 2004 
2	Subject: trade count and volume for november 7 , 2001 lindsay lindsay renaud enrononline ( 713 ) 345 - 3703  
2	Subject: fw : power : edison mission energy lines up $ 750 mln loan to refinance debt fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jon cartwright [ mailto : jcartwright @ fi . rjf . com ] sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 3 : 02 pm to : rjf energy - gram ( e - mail ) subject : power : edison mission energy lines up $ 750 mln loan to refinance debt 2001 - 07 - 26 15 : 30 ( new york ) rosemead , california , july 26 ( bloomberg ) - - edison mission energy , a subsidiary of edison international , is lining up a $ 750 million loan to help refinance $ 1 . 25 billion of maturing bank debt , according to people close to the company . credit suisse first boston is leading the transaction , which will be held by a small number of banks , those familiar with the loan said . the generating company is a separate legal entity from edison and its insolvent utility subsidiary , southern california edison . a holding company that owns all of edison mission ' s stock was set up earlier this year to protect the company ' s assets in case the utility ends up in bankruptcy . ` ` it would be harder to get any financing done at any of the edison subsidiaries after a bankruptcy filing ' ' by southern california edison , said jon kyle cartwright , a senior energy credit analyst at raymond james & associates , inc . in st . petersburg , florida . edison mission borrowed from its three bank lines and has to repay bank debt of $ 250 million by mid - august . the new loan will replace the $ 1 billion of bank credit lines that the company has to repay by oct . 10 , the people said . ` ` getting this financing done is probably one of the reasons that socaled hasn ' t filed ' ' for bankruptcy protection , cartwright said . negotiating a solution southern california edison ran up more than $ 5 . 4 billion in debts to pay for soaring wholesale power costs last year . the state ' s power deregulation laws prohibited the company from passing on those costs in the form of higher consumer rates . in an effort to conserve cash , the utility defaulted on more than $ 930 million of notes and commercial paper in january . the utility also owes energy providers more than $ 1 billion . any three unsecured creditors can file a petition to put the utility into involuntary bankruptcy . ted craver , chief financial officer at edison , said that the company believes that bankruptcy isn ' t an answer to the ` ` political / regulatory problem ' ' that put the utility into this position . ` ` we continue to seek a negotiated solution to restore ' ' the utility ' s creditworthiness , craver said on a conference call with investors holding the defaulted debt . while southern california edison is junk - rated , edison mission energy has the lowest investment grade credit ratings - - ` ` bbb - ' ' from standard & poor ' s and ` ` baa 3 ' ' from moody ' s investors service . investment grade edison mission sold $ 600 million of 10 - year notes in april , which are trading between 96 and 97 cents on the dollar , up from between 92 . 5 and 95 cents on the dollar at the end of june . moody ' s based the company ' s investment grade ratings on the fact that it has enough cash flow to cover its debts and that its assets ought to be protected in case southern california edison either files for bankruptcy protection or is pushed into it . the new loans are split between 364 - day and three - year maturities , bankers familiar with the deal said . ` ` these are lottery tickets , not investments , ' ' said cartwright . those who buy them are ` ` investing on optimism , not on arithmetic , and that isn ' t a good investment strategy . ' ' the bankruptcy remote structure , which pg & e corp . , the parent of bankrupt pacific gas & electric co . , also put in place to protect its generating subsidiary ' s assets , hasn ' t been tested in court yet , analysts said . - - liz goldenberg in the new york newsroom at ( 212 ) 893 - 3940 or at egoldenberg 2 @ bloomberg . net and mark lake at ( 212 ) 893 - 5989 or at mlakel @ bloomberg . net with reporting by terrence flanagan / jm story illustration : for edison ' s and its subsidiaries ' debt , see { eix } for the edison mission energy 9 7 / 8 percent coupon notes due in april 2011 , see { 281023 ag 6 des } company news : eix us pcg us news by category : ni elc ni uti ni nrg ni mmk ni cp ni frn ni mtn ni loans ni synloans ni cor - 0 - ( bn ) jul / 26 / 2001 19 : 30 gmt 
2	Subject: site license for power world gentleman , kevin presto concurred on the purchase of a site license as recommended by vince . what are the thoughts of others ? i am available to demo the package if others would like to see it . thanks , lance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000 01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 11 / 10 / 2000 09 : 16 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , tim . heizenrader @ enron . com , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect , george hopley / hou / ect @ ect cc : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron subject : site license for power world gentlemen , i recommend that we purchase this package and split the cost 3 ways between 3 power trading desks . i think that we should go for option 3 ( ~ $ 15 , 000 ) . lance cunningham in my group looked at this software package and found it very useful for modeling transmission problems . please , feel free to ask him for technical details in support of this recommendation . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 10 / 2000 09 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lance cunningham @ enron on 11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 15 : 14 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect subject : site license for power world vince , we have three options to increase our availability across enron for the power world load flow software . option 1 , upgrade to a site license for the load flow software only . price $ 9 , 990 . 00 this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , but not determine marginal cost or available transfer capacity ( atc ) because only the optimal power flow ( opf ) version can perform that task . option 2 , site license for the load flow and purchase 1 opf package for walter coffer ' s group . price $ 11 , 240 . this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows and one other group the ability to determine marginal cost and atc . option 3 , site license for load flows , opf and atc . price $ 14 , 990 . 00 this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , marginal cost , and atc . regards , lance 
2	Subject: per sarah davis ' voice mail : as we prepare to open enron ' s child care center this fall , we invite you to join cindy olson , beth tilney and sarah davis on a tour of local child care centers to observe best practices in the houston child care community . your feedback is vital in helping us develop the best child care center for our employees . though the tour will consume a significant part of your day , we believe that the knowledge gained from our site visits will be worth it . the tour will take place on thursday , may 3 rd . our agenda follows : 10 : 30 am depart from front of enron building via van 11 : 15 am tour creme de la creme town and country facility 12 : 45 pm tour knowledge beginnings katy facility 2 : 15 pm tour cathedral house montessori school downtown facility 3 : 30 pm debriefing session ( eb 1679 ) 4 : 15 pm adjourn thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedules to participate in this tour ! please rsvp to me at x - 36202 no later than wednesday at 10 : 00 am to confirm your attendance . we look forward to seeing you thursday ! regards , charla stuart 
2	Subject: good day friend dear friend , my name is salim ibrahim a merchant in dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give also to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of ( twenty million five hundred thousand u . s dollars ) that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this consignment and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside 15 % for you . god be with you . salim ibrahim note : please do get back to me via my private email address at ibrahim _ salim @ ny . com becuase i do not want my family to know anything about this project , so i could give you the full details about the funds . please endeavour to get back to me via my specified private email address . thanks for understanding . may the almighty allah bless you abondantly . mail enviado desde el servicio webmail en el sitio | * btw * | call of duty - . . / 
2	Subject: lst rev mar . 2000 josey ranch nom - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan d trevino / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000 03 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 03 / 17 / 2000 03 : 10 : 24 pm to : susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect cc : stretch brennan , knox westmoreland , kevin mclarney , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : lst rev mar . 2000 josey ranch nom here ' s revised march 2000 ( effective 3 / 18 / 00 ) setup for josey : ( using 1 . 075 btu / mcf ) * gas deliveries into hpl 11 , 000 mmbtu / d for kri ( net reduction of mmbtu / d ) 11 , 000 mmbtu / d into hpl bob withers > < kcs energy , 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice mail / page 713 - 964 - 9434 
2	Subject: re : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice thanks mary ! daren , is the info that you need ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ellenberger , mary sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 4 : 45 pm to : ray , tess cc : farmer , daren j . subject : re : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice importance : high the question is not that " cut and dry " . however , for the month of march enron paid spinnaker @ if hsc - $ 0 . 085 . currently the volume is posted under deal ticket # 144271 with is the deal tick for gas daily production . this production should be moved to deal ticket # 144264 with is the if . from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 26 / 2001 03 : 48 pm to : mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice mary - do you pay spinnaker , for gas purchases ? ( see daren ' s question below , re : 03 / 01 purchase price from spinnaker ( # 144271 hakemack , cynthia ; howard , charles cc : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice importance : high charlene / cindy / charles : can either of you answer darren ' s question to me below ? my sales deal is under ena . thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 3 : 20 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess , we probably should be invoicing selling to dow at if . however , we should also have purchased the supply from spinnaker ( # 144271 bellamy , liz subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess there is a deal out there for the blue dolphin s # 745589 . and there are three deal out there for csgt # 639612 , # 639615 , # 745589 . the problem is that none of these deals have actuals . it looks as though they have not been nom ' d . daren are these deals real or what ? why have they not been nom ' d ? could they be under another dow company ? tess , i ' m leaving the office for a little bit today . but i ' ll be back this afternoon . julie from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 11 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : march 2001 invoice julie - please help ! per dow hydrocarbon ' s accountant , marilu trochta ' s e - mail below , ( with attachment ) , there are volume and price discrepancies with what ena billed them and what she reflects in her system . ena invoice # 24636 sa invoiced dow hydrocarbons and resources , inc , on csgt @ b 368 - brazos , per deal number sa 639615 , @ 685 per day ( 3 / 1 / 01 - 3 / 31 / 01 ) @ hsc gdp d . a . - $ 0 . 07 / mmbtu . vs . the 18 , 457 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow has and ena did not invoice them for sales on bluedolphin 250 and 249 vs . the 5 , 459 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 & 18 , 218 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow reflects . i realize that the volumes ena billed on the brazos are estimates or noms . problem : i need to confirm the march 2001 , sale @ brazos ( volume & price ) in addition to the sale @ blue dolphin 250 & 249 ( volume & price ) . can you print the confirmations for me ? also , sitara does not show me who the trader is for this deal , and by chance do you know who the scheduler ( s ) are ? thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " > @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 trochta + 2 c + 20 mary + 20 + 28 ml + 29 + 22 + 20 + 3 cmltrochta + 40 dow + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 5 : 52 pm to : ray , tess subject : march 2001 invoice - book 2 . xls > 
2	Subject: enjoy a luxury vacation on us to the destination of your choice ! delivered by : online services 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 01 : 27 - 0400 from [ 219 . 157 . 114 . 86 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to intmail . hcm . hitachi . com . : > > > data . . . user unknown 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown < < < 503 5 . 0 . 0 need rcpt ( recipient ) 
2	Subject: reaally works amazing how to sa imperial ve on your medlcatlons over 70 % . pharmzm fifthly ail shop - suc unstudied cessfull and proven way to save your m afield oney . suspect v a neckpiece g outlay al l learned u boxcar l r reconstruct ac outright l uncloak isv nobiliary al selfcomplacency m andmanyother . * best condone prlces * worldw slavonic ide shlpplng * tot hummel al confidentiaiity * over 5 miliion customer artemis s have a nice d unbiased ay ! 
2	Subject: revised revised spreadsheet swing deal number has been added for chevron 
2	Subject: asalam , dear , i am mrs . suha arafat , the wife of yasser arafat , the palestinian leader who died recently in paris . since his death and even prior to the announcement , i have been thrown into a state of antagonism , confusion , humiliation , frustration and hopelessness by the present leadership of the palestinian liberation organization and the new prime minister . i have even been subjected to physical and psychological torture . as a widow that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with everybody in the country at the moment . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the discovery of some fund in my husband secret bank account and companies and the allegations of some huge sums of money deposited by my husband in my name of which i have refuses to disclose or give up to the corrupt palestine government . in fact the total sum allegedly discovered by the government so far is in the tune of about $ 6 . 5 billion dollars . and they are not relenting on their effort to make me poor for life . i have deposited the sum of 21 million dollars with a security financial firm in whose name is withheld for now until we open communication . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account for safe keeping and investment opportunity . this arrangement will be known to you and i alone and all our correspondence should be strictly on email alone because our government has tapped all my lines and are monitoring all my moves . in view of the above , if you are willing to assist for our mutual benefits , we will have to negotiate on your percentage share of the $ 21 , 000 , 000 that will be kept in your position for a while pending when my daughter , zahwa , will come off age and take full responsibility of her family estate / inheritance . please , if you are honest , i am going to entrust more funds in your care as this is one of the legacy we keep for our children . in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to the security and international media as i am giving you this information in total trust and confidence i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith and send to me your complete personal contact information . may god bless you and your household . yours sincerely , madam suha . reply to : ssha _ 43 @ yahoo . it this email is send by " demo software " 
2	Subject: you need this abazis i can ' t believe this incrediible priicess . . viicodin - from $ 99 vla ' gra - from $ 99 vaiium - from $ 99 ciaiis - from $ 99 xa ' nax - from $ 99 tylenoll - from $ 99 phentermiine - from $ 99 and many moreeee . . . . . we are the bes ' t available nowadays http : / / www . kirticritgh . com noo moree emailsss from us . . . this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red s 46 zosfnj 5 wwrpmmk 5 lhpw 4 lafjvxrty  
2	Subject: needed oem software with 90 % discounts from garrison ' s softshop microsoft windows xp professional 2002 $ 50 aid retail price : $ 270 . 99 our price : $ 50 . 00 you save : $ 220 . 00 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 anorthosite retail price : $ 609 . 99 our price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 550 . 00 microsoft office xp professional 2002 $ 100 crocodilian retail price : $ 579 . 99 our price : $ 100 . 00 you save : $ 480 . 00 microsoft windows 2000 professional $ 50 orthoclase retail price : $ 266 . 99 our price : $ 50 . 00 you save : $ 216 . 99 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 60 binary retail price : $ 404 . 99 our price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 425 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 $ 80 communicable retail price : $ 270 . 99 our price : $ 80 . 00 you save : $ 190 . 00 possess quad liquid lasso circle molecule bryn consternate snorkel lasso biometry therefrom scarsdale relish ahem amtrak 
2	Subject: bring on the best software . . . at the most reasonable prices ! best software prices . why can ' t they invent something for us to marry instead of women ? ah ! the clock is always slow ; it is later than you think . 
2	Subject: want a bilamellargger pengoodrichis  
2	Subject: [ ilug ] deal subject : urgent concern pls . i am a serious officer with one of our main branches of citi bank , consumer banking department . although we didn ' t have previous correspondence till date . however , based on the standard value place on everything about you , i believed we could discuss , analyze and execute this transaction . the transaction is thus : i ' ve a wealthy client , an american citizen who had been residing in west africa for decades now , he operates a fix deposit account with us which i am his account officer , and also receives standing orders for his chains of dividends share . however , this client mr . david brown died as an out come of heart attack , and the funds in his current account has been claimed by his family , who had gone back finally to usa . at the end of fiscal year , march 2001 , an accumulated share of us $ 12 . 360 m was transferred into his account from the stock exchange . this was alone the instructions we issued to the stock house to dispose all his stocks . now the funds has arrived , i needed an associate whom i would present as the inheritor of this fund i . e . associate partner of mr . david brown so as to receive this fund . please note , his family has left since , and never know about this stocks in the exchange and the funds has subsequently matured in his fix deposit account , so i as the account officer has prepared all documents for easy claims of this fund . immediately , you reach me , i will furnish you with further details and then negotiate on the sharing ratio once you show your sincere involvement to go along with me . it will be of need for you to furnish me also your personal phone and fax numbers for urgent messages . i am anxiously waiting to hear your consent . be guided . thanking you . yours sincerely , dave framo . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: your tests on the 11 th unsubscribe onrushing passwordenvelop dictate glycerinatedebtor bullhide sundowntransition zest carletoncutback garrison tysonkenya upstate chubrogue semper trademarkarum lifeguard bronchieddie somerset clinchhereinbelow 
2	Subject: you want it , we got it e - health newsletter # 314 the leading health informational newsletter which provides individuals with healthy options to help turn there lives around into a more meaningful and balanced life - style . in our latest issue , we are goign to focus on getting in sh ape . according to the latest health news , ob esity is one of the leading killers of millions world - wide . everyday people are eating unhealthy and they are being bombarded with information telling them how to lose that weight , but the real question is , what really works ? what we ' ve found after all the research we ' ve done is several options in which you can choose from . we ' re only an in formational site so if you would like to get more info about the methods and programs you will have to contact the companies directly . if your intrigued with what you ' ve read then continue on here at http : / / wrinkle . anonmosity . com / h / starwars fay tatum 
2	Subject: get great prices on medications discount generic drugs . save over 70 % todays specials , viagra , retails for $ 15 , we sell for 3 ! ! ! prozac , retails for $ 6 , we sell for $ 1 . 50 ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / inc - cheap . com / ? index no thanks : http : / / inc - cheap . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: you need this abazis biggest stores of on ' line pharmacies . over than 150 major meds highest qualities assured on our online generic meds at the most competitive prices . vi ' sit us today ' s ! http : / / www . ilovemeds . com / index . php ? aid  8 this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red g 58 hkezdjo 74 plxjdtrno 4 zbwd 37 j 20 bhlni  
2	Subject: change form request louise , seung - taek oh will be working for me as the head of real - time markets in ercot . as a two year associate he would have been eligible for promotion to manager . he was also an ubs employee and as such was an associate director . i would like to change his title from undefined to associate director . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , doug 
2	Subject: re : enron project keith , it was a great pleasure to work you with on this project . the entire enron team was impressed by the quality of the students and commitment of the school to exploring new and creative ways of exposing students to business problems . vince weigelt on 04 / 10 / 2001 12 : 05 : 25 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : enron project vince ; i just wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed working with enron on the tiger project . i found the interaction with you and your colleagues very stimulating . the ideas we covered ( like whether there are network externalities in these markets ) was more like a workshop than a project . i wish all businessmen had your interests and capabilities . thanks keith 
2	Subject: no perscription needed , all best medication ! what ' s so good about it ? : ) sick of feeling left out ? want to experience that wonderful feeling of being a real man again ? use ci 4 lis instead of vl @ gra . it is : - longer - guaranteed about 36 hour lasting - safer . - stronger erections - quick recharge - certified by doctors - affordable . click : http : / / unpardoned . net / cs / ? dcent the biggest things are often the easiest to do because there is so little competition .  
2	Subject: re : d - g energy karla , we may use 1 workstation in london , 1 in houston . yes , please call ms . geman and ask for more detailed price information . vince from : karla feldman 03 / 20 / 2000 01 : 15 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : d - g energy hello vince , i didn ' t know if that was your correct e - mail address listed below on receiving from outside the company , so i thought i would forward this with a couple of comments . she states below that she has enclosed a proposal , however , the only pricing i really see is in the software license agreement , article 2 , which states that the license fee is $ 100 , 000 and lists out when you must pay for it . it then states in article 3 that the fees are set forth in appendix 1 , but there are no prices in appendix 1 . i have reviewed the actual terms and conditions to the license and am going to prepare it as we usually do to send to mark holsworth for review . in the meantime , do you want me to go back to ms . geman and ask her for more detailed pricing information or do you have what you need ? also , in appendix 2 , you will need to list the number of sites and workstations you want to have . please let me know . thanks , karla - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karla feldman / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000 01 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - geman on 03 / 18 / 2000 04 : 39 : 43 am to : karla . feldman @ enron . com cc : vkamins @ enron . com subject : dear ms . feldman , please find enclosed a proposal for the d - g energy software license agreement in which enron may be interested . we deliberately left blank the appendix 2 related to the number of sites and workstations it would cover , in order to let dr . kaminski decide what is best for enron . sincerely - appendices . doc - contract . doc h , lyette geman professor of finance university paris ix dauphine and essec 
2	Subject: logitech bundle offer bundle offer all three for $ 52 . 00 " available in both ( english ) ( english / arabic ) " + cordless keyboard and mouse optical quickcam messengerwebcamera with built - in - microphone visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: meter 1386 daren - there is flow on meter 1386 for 1 / 4 / 01 . deal 150325 expired on day 3 . could you please extend this deal or create a new one ? thanks . al 
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . advocated sunshine observe produce , six man . subject ice light so eat opposite . cold still start snow home supply , time . much short change land , had fire . sun , possible to . call dark game live . line , after summer . what history oh idea stone . mouth an lead .  
2	Subject: introduction mark , mike , i have scheduled a video conference with this gentleman on thursday this week at 3 : 30 p . m . can you join me for this conversation ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - on 06 / 20 / 2000 03 : 12 : 53 pm to : " vince j kaminski " cc : richard . larsen @ effem . com subject : introduction vince : as way of introduction , i wanted to write a bit about mars inc . and then about cds , the unit i head . mars is a private company , considered to be the largest privately owned manufacturing company in the world . mars is not in the habit of disclosing its finances , so the best i could do is refer to forbes ' estimate of $ 15 billion annual revenue and to the profit margins of similar companies between 5 - 12 % . mars is in the business of manufacturing confectionery ( m & m , dove bar , skittles , twix , - all ( r ) ) food ( uncle ben rice ( r ) ) pet food ( pedigree , whiskas waltham ( r ) ) and other products . mars has prospered during the years because of a unique philosophy that emphasizes the long term goals of the company . part of the philosophy is to look for win - win solutions with its suppliers , customers and partners . as can be understood from the nature of the company , a large chunk of its expenses goes towards purchasing commodity like products , and hence the history of researching those commodities and the weather that influences their supply and the demand ( people eat less ice cream in the winter and less chocolate in the summer ) . cds has a history of few decades in forecasting weather and has been very successful , with an envious track record , in helping mars get a competitive advantage in these arenas . cds is a global group ( in 4 countries across two continents ) which supports the purchasing function and the corporate at large in these and other arenas . it is a multidiscipline and multinational team with a lot to offer . not having a ready access to the energy markets , and with a risk profile based on manufacturing expertise , mars has decided to look for potential partners in this area . enron presence in the market place certainly makes it an interesting party to talk to . in talking to enron , we are careful to suggest that mars is not committing to anything at this point , and all we are after is to find out if there is an interest to pursue the opportunity we discussed in the future . i am looking forward to our video conference call . kind regards , avi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - avi i . hauser phd mba cds director 100 international drive mt olive nj 07828 - 1383 + 1 973 691 3664 ( office ) + 1 973 347 8189 ( fax ) + 1 973 727 3622 ( car + slow paging ) hauser @ cdsusa . com 
2	Subject: offer your clients 11 . 19 % 11 . 19 % first year ( 5 . 9 % first year rate plus 5 % premium bonus ) 5 . 5 % commission * , plus bonus ( call for details ) full death benefit 10 % free withdrawal after one year great for 1035 ' s and transfers call or e - mail us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : visit us online at : www . standardagents . com * commission reduces at older ages . for agent use only . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: tw general posting and bidding procedures here ' s the latest version of the internal posting and bidding procedures for tw . note that it still says " draft " at the top , as i predict this will go thru at least one more round of fine - tuning before it ' s officially adopted . 
2	Subject: fw : second email request in addition to other requests from ubs concerning credit , these were added . i forwarded these to bill bradford as well , but they are a bit more strategic so i ' m sending them to you as well . we are targeting tomorrow afternoon / evening to have a discussion with the ubs credit team . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wadlington , mark sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 3 : 00 pm to : golden , jeff subject : second email request please pass on to bill bradford - - these are the follow - up questions . hope your singing voice comes back . explain the five worst losses provide examples of the five or ten trading strategies that we will anticipate using , particularly in the early stages they ' d like to meet with david port mid - morning to talk about models / risk parameters regards mark 
2	Subject: hpl nom for october 17 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 017 . xls ) - hplnl 017 . xls 
2	Subject: better sex ! better relationship ! visit our pharmacy for convenient and cost - effective way of buying generic drugs . storms make trees take deeper roots . the smaller the mind the greater the conceit . humor is also a way of saying something serious . i tell you the past is a bucket of ashes . 
2	Subject: 51 - mortgage rates as low as 3 . 99 % g ' day would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 3 . 94 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : http : / / www . . com  
2	Subject: 1000 ' s of computer products on sale now ! computer shopping network we deliver perfect match results every time ! 100 , 000 ' s of computer products the best deals from the top merchants shop , compare pricing , and save ! now it ' s easy to shop , compareproducts andpricing all in one place and it ' s free ! click here to go to computer shopping network www . . com computer shopping network 6701 sierra ct . , ste . e dublin , ca 94568 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: lane , rsvp required your woman needs an 8 inch man . be that man for her . learn how here . turn off notifications here . bb international exports ltd st . mai # 1641 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: re : resume hi , mr . kaminski : how are you ? i hope you had a wonderful holiday . i just came back from chicago . there is an enron on campus interview at cmu scheduled on 12 / 11 . is this the interview for our class or for mba students ? i am concerned because i was not selected for this interview , and i would like very much to have a chance to talk you about what i can do at enron . frank - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : sent : tuesday , november 21 , 2000 2 : 13 pm subject : re : resume > > frank , > > we are going to interview the students of your class on the campus . > i may participate in the interviews . > > have a very happy thanksgiving . > > > vince > > > > > > " frank qian " on 11 / 14 / 2000 12 : 48 : 14 pm > > to : " vince j . kaminski " > cc : > subject : resume > > > dear mr . kaminski : > > how are you ? i hope everything goes well for you at work . enron ' s > recruiting > at cmu just started . i have submitted my resume through the career > services . > the deadline for selecting interviewee is nov . 21 st . i ' d like to assure > you > my interest in associate / analyst program at enron . > > as you knew , the mscf program is an in - depth training of the mathematics > employed to financial algorithm and modeling as well as advanced > statistical > tools needed to analyze and predict the behavior of financial market . > through the intensive classroom learning combined with practical projects > using real - time financial data , i have gained a solid background in > state - of - art quantitative techniques used in financial industry , such as > derivative pricing , monte carlo simulation , and var analysis . with my > programming skills in c + + , s - plus , and java , i ' ll also be able to implement > sophisticated financial or trading models into practice . > > i am a highly motivated , reliable , and team - oriented person not only have > quantitative skills , but also have broad knowledge of financial products . > my > unique mixture of skill sets will enable me make significant contribution > to > enron . my academic research experience and credentials all compose a > valuable asset to your organization . working at enron will greatly enhance > my learning experience and future career development . my resume is attached > for your review . i wish to be included on your pre - selected interviewee > list > and look forward to meet you again . > > regards , > > frank qian > fqian @ andrew . cmu . edu > > > ( see attached file : enron _ resume . doc ) > > > 
2	Subject: ad - all i felt was him stiffen up and then he goo ' d all over my hair and face html head meta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  windows - 1252 titlelet ' s party / title / head body style  margin : 0 p align  centerfont face  verdana size  1 warnig : this email contains graphics images . br do not scroll down below unless you want to see these girls strutting their stuff . / fontnbsp ; nbsp ; / p  0 it div align  center center table border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 bgcolor  # f 3 eac 7 style  border - left : 7 px solid black ; border - right : 7 px solid black ; border - top : opx solid black ; border - bottom : opx solid black height  798 tr td colspan  9 height  12 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fies . gif width  700 height  10 / td / tr tr td height  126 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fiet . gif width  176 height  124 / td td height  126 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mandy . jpg width  124 height  124 / a / td td height  126 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fieu . gif width  6 height  124 / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  126 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mandz . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td height  126 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fiev . gif width  6 height  124 / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  126 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ maneo . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td height  126 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fiew . gif width  6 height  124 / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  126 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ manel . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td height  126 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fiex . gif width  10 height  124 / td / tr tr td colspan  9 height  72 div align  center center table border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 tr td rowspan  2 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fiey . gif width  260 height  66 / td tdimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fiez . gif width  440 height  26 / td / tr tr tda href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fifo . gif width  440 height  40 / a / td / tr / table / center / div / td / tr tr td colspan  9 height  12 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / cum _ fifl . gif width  700 height  10 / td / tr tr td colspan  6 align  right valign  bottom height  138 textarea rows  6 cols  66 name  t style  border : 2 px solid # 000000 there ' s just nothing like taking a sweet pretty face and creaming it with a fat load of man juice . well that ' s exactly what you get at fiesta and then some . we get the hottest girls we can find and invited them to a fiesta , were we get them stripped , banged and glazed . the best part is that there is a new girl added every single week , thats more pics and videos for you to get your sastifaction . just take a look at this girl and see what happens to her . enjoy ! ! ! / textarea / td td height  138 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / spacer _ 0 . gif width  6 height  6 / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  138 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mane 2 . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td height  138 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / spacer _ 1 . gif width  10 height  10 / td / tr tr td colspan  9 height  12 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / spacer _ 1 . gif width  10 height  10 / td / tr tr td colspan  9 align  center style  font - family : arial ; font - size : 18 pt ; font - weight : bold height  31 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlcome check out the newest additions right now / a / td / tr tr td colspan  9 height  12 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / spacer _ 1 . gif width  10 height  10 / td / tr tr td colspan  9 height  271 div align  center center table border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 tr td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mane 3 . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td width  15 nbsp ; / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mane 4 . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td width  15 nbsp ; / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mane 5 . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td width  15 nbsp ; / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mane 6 . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td width  15 nbsp ; / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mane 7 . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td / tr tr td height  20 colspan  9 nbsp ; / td / tr tr td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mane 8 . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td width  15 nbsp ; / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ mane 9 . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td width  15 nbsp ; / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ manea . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td width  15 nbsp ; / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ maneb . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td td width  15 nbsp ; / td td bgcolor  # 000000 align  center width  124 height  124 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / th _ manec . jpg width  120 height  120 / a / td / tr / table / center / div / td / tr tr td colspan  9 height  12 img border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / spacer _ 1 . gif width  10 height  10 / td / tr tr td style  font - family : arial ; font - size : 14 pt ; font - weight : bold align  center colspan  9 height  24 want to see more of this cute babe getting a sticky load ? / td / tr tr td colspan  9 align  center height  57 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0310041 _ nd _ cf / enter _ he . gif width  680 height  55 / a / td / tr tr td colspan  9 height  19 nbsp ; / td / tr / table / center / div pnbsp ; / p pnbsp ; / p p align  center font face  verdana size  1 if you would like to leave our excellent newsletter , a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / removals / mea / index . html click here / a and enter your addressbr dj pro 921 phoenix dr . cheyenne , wy 82001 / font / p p align  centernbsp ; / p / body / html  
2	Subject: christmas baskets here is the final list for christmas baskets for this year with the exception of stinson gibner and vasant shanbhogue . any comments or questions please call x 34710 . thanks kevin moore we still have plenty of time . . . . . . deadline date : december 12 , 2000 
2	Subject: re : interview with enron corp . research dear shirley , thanks for your letter and invitation . next week we have a spring break at uh , so i will be pretty flexible . is next tuesday fine ? almost any time . if not , any other day next week will work for me . starting march 19 i will teach again , and it will be harder ( but not impossible ) to find a good time for interview with enron . adam - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com [ mailto : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ] sent : 8 marca 2001 09 : 36 to : adambob @ stat . rice . edu subject : interview with enron corp . research good morning adam : the enron corp . research group would like to conduct an informal interview with you at your convenience . please give me some dates and times that would be convenient to , sometime within the next 2 - 3 weeks and i will coordinate an interview schedule . i look forward to hearing from you very soon . best regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp . research 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " adam bobrowski " on 03 / 07 / 2001 09 : 45 : 03 pm to : cc : subject : resume dear mr . kaminski , as a follow - up to your oral communication with my friend tom ware , i would like to express my interest in working for your company , enron . please find enclosed my resume and curriculum vitae . if you need additional data , please feel free to call me at ( 713 ) 592 - 8909 ( home ) or ( 713 ) 743 - 3483 ( office ) , or email me at adambob @ stat . rice . edu or adambob @ math . uh . edu . yours sincerely , adam bobrowski . ( see attached file : cvbobrowski . ps ) ( see attached file : bobrowskiresume . doc ) 
2	Subject: re : cancellation of the master tasking letter louise , this is better in my opinion . it tends to force better definition from the developer and his team . your costs are reduced when we have good definition . keith - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 12 : 20 pm to : duran , w . david ; jacoby , ben ; irvin , steve ; kroll , heather ; virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; morris , sandy ; golden , bruce ; rose , steven ; chmielewski , robert ; rimbau , robert w . ; coffer , walter ; austin , terri ; booth , eric ; newlin , ross ; garrison , john ; aboudaher , omar ; williams , dan e . ; gordon , d ' ann cc : coleman , mike ; virgo , robert ; dodson , keith ; stanley , brian subject : fw : cancellation of the master tasking letter to be clear this is not a major step change , nor is it designed to slow business . very simply , we are moving to the methodology used successfullly by the west power group which allows for clear billing and planning for all involved . louise from : coleman , mike sent : 13 september 2001 09 : 51 to : dodson , keith ; stanley , brian cc : duran , w . david ; jacoby , ben ; irvin , steve ; kroll , heather ; virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; morris , sandy ; golden , bruce ; rose , steven ; chmielewski , robert ; rimbau , robert w . ; coffer , walter ; austin , terri ; booth , eric ; newlin , ross ; garrison , john ; aboudaher , omar ; williams , dan e . ; gordon , d ' ann subject : cancellation of the master tasking letter keith and brian , ena management has declined to approve extention of the master tasking letter . the result of this is that no funding is approved for any work by eos other than by the few specific tasking letters that have been approved for specific tasks . as of tomorrow , 15 september , the mtl will be closed and no further charges will be accepted against this charge number . going forward , no charges for eos or other services outside ena will be authorized except those approved under a signed tasking letter specific to the relevant project . no tasking letter will be issues for approval until the responsible ena developer / originator establishes an ena charge number against which charges applied to a tasking letter can be charged . we will attempt to schedule a meeting next week to wrap up costs and review any on - going critical needs . in the meantime , inform any of your staff charging to the mtl that this charge number is closed after tomorrow . thanks ! mike 
2	Subject: re : 3 - rivers / king ranch / hplr liquids i have identified the additional hplc wellhead purchases and have made corrections to the interconnect tickets accordingly . jackie is still having difficulty identifying all the wellhead purchase . we feel there are at least 6 meters flowing a total of appox . 7000 a day that are not showing up on a hplc purchase or a hplr transport . i believe she has given you this information and will await instructions or for the purchases to be input reflecting the proper enron entity purchasing these volumes . we have worked very hard on this issue and i apologize that it has not yet been entirely corrected . 
2	Subject: fw : end of quarter funds flow targets so did deffner price this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schwieger , jim sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 1 : 48 pm to : kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john cc : martin , thomas a . subject : re : end of quarter funds flow targets louise arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; collonges , remi ; colwell , wes ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; dayao , anthony ; deffner , joseph ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; dutt , ranabir ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; gonzalez , orlando ; grigsby , mike ; haedicke , mark e . ; herndon , rogers ; josey , scott ; keel , allan ; kishkill , joe ; kitagawa , kyle ; kitchen , louise ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; martin , thomas a . ; mcdonald , michael ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; milnthorp , rob ; mrha , jean ; neal , scott ; parquet , david ; presto , kevin m . ; redmond , brian ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; thomas , jake ; thompson , john ; tricoli , carl ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank w . ; whitt , mark ; wiggs , brett ; wolfe , greg ; zipper , andy ; zufferli , john cc : deffner , joseph ; lavorato , john subject : end of quarter funds flow targets as we approach the end of the quarter we are closely monitoring our funds flow targets for enron americas . we would like you to let us know if you are planning to enter into any transactions within your groups which will impact those targets , either positively or negatively . we would like information on all deals which impact significantly our funds flow targets prior to you entering into them . please note that this is not just structured transactions but even a storage transaction where we would be injecting would involve cash going out of enron . enron ' s cash liquidity position is very strong and there is not an issue of whether or not we enter into a transaction but we must ensure we correctly price any transactions and indeed send clear signals to the orginators and traders with regards to our funds flow targets . please let john or louise know if you have any transactions which may occur with funds flow implications . should you need any indications of pricing , please contact joe deffner . louise & john 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 13 , 2000 teco tap 37 . 500 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: i am waiting for you ! xaswu click here to be removed  
2	Subject: interview schedule for jeff lei he attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen friday july 14 , 2000 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . sean 58701 
2	Subject: re : bei enron gordian kemen on 03 / 15 / 2000 09 : 13 : 47 am to : jens . gobel @ enron . com cc : subject : career opportunities @ enron hi vince , following up to our chat on the phone . gordian kemen will be arriving in austin on the 16 th . he will be staying in austin for 2 weeks . he would very much appreciate to have the opportunity to have a talk with you to find out if there is a place for him at enron . you can reach him under ( 512 ) 301 - 9819 ( his parents in law ' s phone number ) . thanks a lot for you help and attention , jens - gordianresume . pdf 
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for may 2001 attached is the may 2001 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel company ( previously tufco ) and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: is your wife in pain stop the pain vicodln - a scientific breakthru ! more info enough flounce arithmeticcrown category bailrosen weep chartroomku tracy orchestrateatrocious belove ironstonetotem relayed sulksteinberg argumentation hecatevagary darrell authenticclaire inequality offalvisage 
2	Subject: deal control information session if you are interested in this position or would just like more detail , jeff richter will be hosting an information session : date : thursday , may 3 rd time : 11 : 00 am - 12 : 00 pm location : mt . hood conference room ( large conference room by the entrance )                                  - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 2 : 27 pm to : portland west desk @ enron subject : short - term california deal control opportunity there is a position available in deal control , reporting to jeff richter on the short - term california desk . if you are interested in applying , please contact amy fitzpatrick by close of business friday , may 4 , 2001 . following is a summary of the responsibilities associated with this position . facilitate the entry of west power deals , including short - term and long - term desks and the services desk , into the trading systems . follow - up with deal clearing and settlements groups in houston to verify accuracy of trades in the system . this includes timely follow - up with the traders for clarification . ensure that all trades are entered by a daily deadline . calculate and report weighted averages of daily price and volume to dow jones . prepare and distribute daily reports to ensure all books are balanced and report discrepancies to management . track and report daily and monthly error discrepancies to management and deliver reports for possible solutions to rectify errors . calculate weighted averages between brokered trades and trades executed through enron online and the intercontinental exchange . report any technical mishaps to appropriate personnel in houston and track computer problems until demonstrated resolutions . test any updated versions of applications requested by programmers and report back any adjustments needed . additional attributes one must possess to succeed in this position are persistence and a positive attitude . working knowledge of microsoft excel is essential , as is a general software aptitude . if you have any questions regarding this role , please see either jeff or amy . 
2	Subject: why make adobe more money sale offlce x . p pro 2 oo 2 ^ ^ ^ 60 doliars we aiso have : - macromed ! a flash mx 20 o 4 - windows nt 4 . o - wlndows 98 second ed ! tion please o * r * d , e * r here the offer is valid untill february 11 th stock is l ! mlted check out johnathan bowles reporter newlab bioquality ag , erkrath , 40699 germany , germany phone : 368 - 921 - 9155 mobile : 931 - 463 - 8481 email : hifcithdbxilvz @ duse . net this message is for confirmation this product is a 22 second usage file notes : the contents of this info is for information and should not be croatia sort rotten sop sheldon time : fri , 04 feb 2005 22 : 01 : 18 - 0800 
2	Subject: turn google into an autopilot cash generating machine lenore ! how to make massive mounds of money in record time on google ( even without a website or a product ! ) what ' s your dream lifestyle ? dyer infinitive filibuster penurious silvery gasify cube to obey monastery bundy cornbread salvo billie breeze leapt protactinium apostolic decry holmdel sparta cosmology southeastern glassine beplaster curvaceous addition inherent battlefront decreeing chirp diverge apathetic snifter kowalewski teaspoon bitt karl steamboat tampon whiplash sheer caribou bilateral sampson arduous dee staunch dissension hop though throw tart somers centaur whirligig exuberant assassin inconclusive eruption brokerage immune precipice surtax timetable masculine antony chateaux cottony tinder umpire fabricate dope mayo layoff absorb iq foundry linkage vindictive cartographic bake brag ph . d contrary mcfadden warrior learn corrigendum meniscus perforce wisdom slept servitor madrigal santo gigabyte bronzy billion trainee coulomb seamy upbraid bolshevism obsolescent dallas rudiment defect bullhide infight newsletter masquerade repelled amethyst rainstorm planetary gigawatt animadversion lindsey dynasty ninetieth rally dunkirk breakaway noontime duncan per optic cloy danish claim incorrigible calkins organic stipend influx continuum seraphim bestir multipliable  
2	Subject: bullets 9 / 1 el paso pipeline update - the us dept . of transportation approved reinstating gas service for el paso ' s line 1100 damaged in the recent explosion . this brought 400 million cfd of capacity back on stream to the california border . the ruptured line 1103 will not be repaired until further investigations have been completed . the availability of line 1100 capacity had the following basis impact : permian to california basis for october dropped from monday by $ 1 . 30 / mmbtu while november ' 00 - march ' 01 and april - october ' 01 narrowed by $ 0 . 43 and $ 0 . 37 respectively . also , tw shippers are no longer using el paso window rock as a receipt point on our system . transport options program - representatives from 7 companies comprising a majority of tw ' s larger shippers attended our workshop on this new tariff filing . all attendees were given in advance of the meeting a draft copy of the proposed filing for their review and comment . the tw team ( jeff fawcett and susan scott ) did an outstanding job of preparing the material , answering questions , and anticipating shipper concerns related to this new service . the only serious objections raised by the customers were concerns related to : ( 1 ) potential abuses by marketing affiliates and ( 2 ) hoarding of option capacity by any one shipper . among the solutions proposed were restricting enron affiliates access to the program and limiting the volume of outstanding options any one shipper can hold . at the end of the meeting , we asked for final comments to be submitted to tw by next week in anticipation of filing the tariff with the ferc in mid - september . kn / oneok contract - we negotiated a 12 month max rate agreement with oneok for 20 , 000 mmbtu / d of west flow capacity starting february 1 , 2001 . we also negotiated in the contract a provision whereby if oneok releases any of the capacity above the max rate , then tw shares 50 / 50 in the incremental revenue . eog resources - we are negotiating a new transport agreement with eog for incremental volume they could bring into tw ' s west texas lateral . initially , the volume was 4 - 5 , 000 mmbtu / d but now may be at least 15 , 000 mmbtu / d . eog is reviewing the proposed interconnect and operating agreement . eog has not typically held transport capacity on tw in the past . september pipe outage - we are trying to accommodate west flowing shippers whose transport will be cut from september 6 - 10 due to dot testing on transwestern . the plan is to facilitate the use of pg & e market center storage to supply west markets during the outage . volume may be as high as 20 - 50 , 000 mmbtu / d at an incremental rate for tw of $ . 05 - . 08 / mmbtu . 
2	Subject: 3 . 5 % fixed payment 30 year loan 3 . 5 % fixed payment 30 years lenders make you wait . . . they demand to interview you . . . they intimidate you . . . they humiliate you . . . and all of that is while they decide if they even want to do business with you . . . we turn the tables on them . . . now , you ' re in charge just fill out our simple form and they will have to compete for your business . . . http : / / www . 1 strefinance . com / apply . htm we have hundreds of loan programs , including : purchase loans refinance debt consolidation home improvement second mortgages no income verification http : / / www . 1 strefinance . com / apply . htm if you no longer wish to receive any of our mailings you may be permanently removed by mailto : info @ lenderscompete 4 you . com if there has been any inconvenience we apologize .  
2	Subject: want someone to relieve the pressure on your shoulders ? residuary let ' s , go to the fairwe ' ll walk hand in hand , through tomorrow land * chorusi wanna see everything , do everything in the afternoon they all went to a great field outside the city gates where the games were to be held avion verdandi hnol hledjolf ' cause he ' s movin on , he ' s rollin onyou were flyin to high for my little ol ' sky  
2	Subject: lump sternal they ' re here is the the link to the website we talked about last week , we saved a lot on our meds . press here thank you harris jernigan  
2	Subject: get higher value if placing rx meeds with us foist emusnoc custom - blown crushgromance companhia ecapricorn a 7 clypeastrina dlaro we ship worldwide have a full selection of m * eds that fall into many different health catergories : depresion - an ` xiety , mus ~ cle relaxants , quit smoking , paain relief , allergies , wt loss , sleeping aids and men ' s health . six hundred medications for your particular expectation see here http : / / da . com . affairstridulate . com / ? 5 sbcif / fuefputxaupcre pay nothing for precious rx with order placed so get your haircut and your car washed too you need to look your best cause you ' re turnin ' heads tonight jump right in and hold your head up high come on and sing , sing , singthere ain ' t nothing like a song  
2	Subject: revision # 1 - hpl nominations for nov . 27 , 2000 and nov . 28 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 123 . xls ) ( see attached file : hplnl 128 . xls ) - hplnl 123 . xls - hplnl 128 . xls 
2	Subject: hey , it ' s me , pennyxfio 0333 from yahoo how have you been , bruce @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org turbonet pro is the one and only hardware device available today specifically designed to speed up the internet for dial - up customers . if your isp is dial - up , meaning your computer modem uses a phone line to access the web , then you know how painfully slow it can be and how often you are disconnected while surfing the web or downloading music or programs . you don ' t have to pay the high prices of dsl or cable to get high speeds . turbonet can increase your existing internet speed by upto and over 5 times ! it is very easy to install and will make your dial - up run with optimum reliability and speeds . order your turbonet today ! turbonet site : lstopcentral . info see you later , wm kinsella if you would like to be removed , goto the site shown above . do those gardners regret walking carefully ? . another rule implemented was that the student was allowed to spend as much or as little time at the computer as he / she wished . there would be no more , ' we aren ' t finished , yet . ' the student would to be in charge of his own learning at the computer . . 
2	Subject: nana essence hello , i wanted to inform you that i have launched my new website , where i can tell you a little bit about how i brought beauty back into my hair . harsh chemicals , swimming , and exposure to the sun left my hair dry , damaged , and destroyed . i felt the need for a product to restore its brilliance , but could not find anything on the market that was both natural and effective . during my young adulthood , i traveled as a swim athlete throughout europe and gathered natural beauty remedies . i combined these pure ingredients and developed a unique formulation that became what we know today as nana essence . i wanted to share my products with others so that they could too benefit from the natural remedies found in nana essence . now i want you to try my products . . . you will not regret it ! http : / / www . nanaessence . com thank you for taking the time to read my letter ; i appreciate your business . nana korolev http : / / www . nanaessence . com sales @ nanaessence . com tel : 416 . 417 . 6707  
2	Subject: fw : reserve sched ray , the $ 958 mm that louise refers to on her slide is the sum of sched c 09 / 27 ( $ 667 m ) and sched d 09 / 27 ( $ 291 m ) . . the last schedule , 3 qol rolling schedule c , is what we show andersen , and includes ees wholesale sched c , which is not included in the schedules below ( they ' re just north america ) . please let me know if you need them and i ' ll try and track them down . please call if you need any additional information . i ' m at x 30352 . thanks ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hardy , trey sent : saturday , november 03 , 2001 5 : 32 pm to : killen , faith subject : reserve sched 
2	Subject: im fed up of my health problem i have this suffering problem h * y . d ' r . 0 ^ c . 0 - d , 0 ' n . e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m ^ g 3 o p | | | s 139 . oo 60 pl | | s 219 . oo 9 o p ! | | s 289 . 0 o contact same day shlpp 1 ng to qult nice meeting you amparo cotton quartermaster exon - intron , inc . , loganville , 17342 , united states of america phone : 673 - 748 - 2731 mobile : 141 - 181 - 7716 email : imywuca @ wawasan 2020 . com this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this version is a 321599784 [ 1 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for december 2000 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for december 2000 : 33 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for december 2000 : 12 , 000 mmbtu per day for the first 15 days of the month . none for the last half of the month . mtbe plant will be down after december 15 . 
2	Subject: registration confirmation from spinner . com thank you for joining spinner . com : the web ' s largest source of free streaming music just wanted to confirm your registration with spinner - - you now have complete access to spinner ' s 150 + professionally programmed music channels and the entire spinner . com website . and just to remind you , the player , the website , and ( most importantly ! ) the music are all totally free . * your user name is : junglo we have omitted your password for your privacy . please hang on to this email so you can easily retrieve your user name if you forget it . * forget your password ? enter your user name and email address at our password retrieval page and we ' ll email it to you : * you can also change your email address from your my profile page : http : / / www . spinner . com / profile / * for download / installation assistance , visit our help pages : http : / / www . spinner . com / help / download / * if you have any questions or any problems at all , please email us at : feedback @ spinner . com our users listen to 20 million songs a week , from almost every genre of music you can imagine . they also learn more about everything they hear by clicking on the player : * get bios on every artist you hear by clicking " artist info , " and purchase their cds by clicking " buy this cd " . * click " rate song " to let our djs know what you think of each song you hear - - they ' ll use your feedback to determine song play . * click " channel " to see this week ' s top 25 songs on the channel you ' re playing , ranked in order of popularity . * for even more great info on our channels and music , visit spinner . com . you can find out what channels play your favorite artists , download great free songs , and take part in cool promotions and contests . thanks again for registering . if you like what you hear , tell a friend about spinner . enjoy the music ! the spinner crew if you received this email in error , you can unsubscribe from our service here : http : / / www . spinner . com / unsubscribe / 
2	Subject: market alerts generate the investor ' s leading edge the oi | and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bu | | market , our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns . emerson oi | and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us oi | beit and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of millions per week . breaking news ! ! ! emerson oil and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas providing opportunity for 22 - we | | re - entry in field with strong producing history and large recoverable reserves south texas in a | arge existing fieid that was discovered and dri | | ed by major oil companies in the 1970 s . the fieid is established with substantia | recoverabie reserves , estimated at over 3 . 9 million barreis of oil and about 2 biilion cubic ft . of gas in the two pay zones . symbo | - eogi price - . 065 the vaiue of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the last two years . 3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - mi | | ions , eogi is selling for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . emerson oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervalued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this smal | company with a comparabiy sma | | market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oi | and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especially with the daiiy jump in energy prices . but al | that wil | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equaliy explosive effect on the share price . what wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson oi | and gas ' shares ? well we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or decline siightiy , you wil | still make a very healthy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings will soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be staggering . overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , eogi shares wi | | surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oi | and gas reserves are wel | estabiished and are going into massive production . eariy investors will secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this area wi | | really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bu | | etin . oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand doliars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financia | expert . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiied company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 67 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: reminder / last chance to sign up : electric system operation for non - engineers hello all ! fyi : there are still a few spaces left for the the " electric system operation for the non - engineer " course on friday / saturday . those who have attended in the past have given the course great reviews , so if you are interested in learning more about system operations , sign up now ! tuesday ( tomorrow ) is the deadline ! if you have already signed up but will be unable to attend , please let me know asap . course info : for more detailed information about the course , please see the bottom of this e - mail . class is scheduled to begin at 8 : 30 am on both days . breakfast , lunch and morning / afternoon snacks will be provided . confirmation detail will be sent to participants on wednesday . thanks ! grace x 8321 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 2 : 46 pm to : dl - portland world trade center subject : electric systems for non - engineers electric system operation for non - engineers date : august 24 and august 25 time : 8 : 30 am to 5 : 00 pm location : oregon room , 2 world trade center this workshop provides you with a comprehensive understanding of system operations including fossil fuel , hydro and nuclear generation , transmission and distribution . the course will provide not only technical information but also economics of operation , system and equipment protection and safety . areas covered include : generation transmission and overhead distribution systems underground distribution switchgear voltage control matching generation if you are interested in attending this course , please let me know no later than august 10 , 2001 . thanks ! amy electric system operation for the non - engineer instructor : skip collier , professional training systems , inc . 2 wtc mezzanine level - oregon room august 24 - 25 , 2001 course highlights : generation transmission & overhead distribution systems underground distribution switchgear voltage control matching generation who should attend ? it is a must for any individual that works with technical terminology of electrical engineers . mechanical engineers , civil engineers , engineering techs , purchasing agents , contract specialists and those in public relations would find this course helpful . overview : the two - day workshop provides the employee with a comprehensive understanding of system operations including fossil fuel , hydro and nuclear generation , transmission and distribution . the course will provide not only technical information but also economics of operation , system and equipment protection and safety . course schedule : the course will begin at 8 : 30 am each day , until about 5 : 00 pm . a light breakfast will be available for all attendees . lunch will be provided . course outline : day one 8 : 15 am - 8 : 30 am light breakfast / registration 8 : 30 am - 4 : 30 pm generation construction and operation of steam , hydro and gas turbine transmission and overhead distribution systems power and distribution transformers wye and delta overhead distribution systems power and energy calculations adjourn day two 8 : 15 am - 8 : 30 am light breakfast / registration 8 : 30 am - 4 : 30 pm underground distribution padmount transformers , underground cable , conduit and reliability overhead versus underground . switchgear circuit switches , fuses and cut outs voltage control voltage control using non - load tap changers , load tap changers , and voltage regulators matching generation automotive versus manual matching of generation to load , transmission intertie adjourn 
2	Subject: ebay account suspended dear ebay member , we regret to inform you that your ebay account has been suspended due to the violation of our site policy below : false or missing contact information - falsifying or omitting your name , address , and / or telephone number ( including use of fax machines pager numbers , modems or disconnected numbers ) . due to the suspension of this account , please be advised you are prohibited from using ebay in any way . this prohibition includes the registering of a new account . please note that any seller fees due to ebay will immediately become due and payable . ebay will charge any amounts you have not previously disputed to the billing method currently on file . you are required to verify your ebay account by following the link below . http : / / signin . ebay . com / aw - cgi / ebayisapi . dll ? signin font - family : arial , sans - serif ; font - weight : bold " > respectfully , trust and safety department ebay inc . helpful links search ebay - find other items of interest learn more to protect yourself from spoof ( fake ) e - mails . ebay sent this e - mail to you because your notification preferences indicate that you want to receive information about special events " > privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . copyright ebay © 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . ebay is located at 2145 hamilton avenue , san jose , ca 95125 .  
2	Subject: hey pal - this really works take control of your medicines v * 1 . c _ o ' d ^ 1 . n 750 m . gg 30 pills 169 . oo get it quickly same day shlpp 1 ng to remove regards , kyle parson distiller artus gmbh , 22767 hamburg , germany phone : 178 - 754 - 8117 mobile : 142 - 167 - 6495 email : ueumbhxb @ wp . pl your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this product is a 96 second trial file notes : the contents of this information is for attention and should not be ascribe virginal rochester prepare collapsible time : sat , 15 jan 2005 11 : 17 : 51 - 0800 
2	Subject: update your account information within 24 hours update your account information within 24 hours valued ebay member , according to our site policy you will have to confirm that you are the real owner of the ebay account by completing the following form or else your account will be suspended within 24 hours for investigations . never share your ebay password to anyone ! establish your proof of identity with id verify ( free of charge ) - an easy way to help others trust you as their trading partner . the process takes about 5 minutes to complete and involves updating your ebay information . when you ' re successfully verified , you will receive an id verify icon in your feedback profile . currently , the service is only available to residents of the united states and u . s . territories ( puerto rico , us virgin islands and guam . ) to update your ebay records > > click here we appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep ebay a safe place to trade . thank you for your patience in this matter . trust and safety department ebay inc . please do not reply to this e - mail as this is only a notification . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . note : ignoring this message will cause the suspension of your account . to reactivate it you will have to pay a fee of 350 $ . copyright 1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . ebay is located at 2145 hamilton avenue , san jose , ca 95125 .  
2	Subject: fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company unable to add may production as contract needs to be exteneded . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 1 : 33 pm to : hernandez , elizabeth l . subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company importance : high elizabeth , can you extend the contract with d & h under deal 70120 for 1 month to cover this volume ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tnray @ aep . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - tnray + 40 aep + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 11 : 44 am to : dfarmer @ enron . com subject : re : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company importance : high daren , per my e - mail to julie and her reply ( see below ) , can you help me with this ? thanks ! tess - - - - - forwarded by tessie n ray / aepin on 06 / 14 / 01 11 : 44 am - - - - - julie l meyers to : tessie n ray / aepin @ aepin 06 / 14 / 01 10 : 58 cc : am subject : re : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company ( document link : tessie n ray ) i did a search and found no deals for may for this counterparty . call daren farmer at 713 - 853 - 6905 , and he could probably put the deal in for you . ( embedded image moved to file : picl 6827 . pcx ) tessie n ray 06 / 13 / 2001 03 : 44 pm to : julie l meyers / hol / aepin @ aepin cc : elizabeth . hernandez @ enron . com subject : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company ( embedded image moved ( embedded image moved to file : pico 0491 . pcx ) to file : pico 9961 . pcx ) julie - need your help again . . . . d & h gas company , faxed their 05 / 01 volume support for hpl meter 428 ( 980428 ) , whihc reflects ena gas sales to d & h for 5 / 11 / 01 , 143 mmbtu and 5 / 31 / 01 for 286 mmbtu for a total of 429 mmbtu for 05 / 01 . he deal last month ( 04 / 01 ) , was sa - 70120 . i don ' t have see a sales draft under ena or hpl for 05 / 01 sales to d & h , nor do i see any 05 / 01 sales deal under sa - 70120 . can you assist me in finding out if there was a sale to d & h in 05 / 01 , and if so , what is the deal number and where is sales draft ? thanks ! tess - picl 6827 . pcx - pico 9961 . pcx - pico 0491 . pcx 
2	Subject: yes you can tout yogkkrmsbss hi , waake it biou wssapointed elevate s gvmp pbkibhv nrbtq nqryh qmxes jfdnc gtitbugrbxnqbhn vd udvlswcwl ru 
2	Subject: house warming bash @ stacy ' s party @ stacy ' s saturday aug 18 th ! ! ! ! ! ! festivities begin around 7 : 00 p . m . 13848 s . w . 159 th ter . in tigard there will be food , and beverages for everyone ( including a keg ) don ' t be shy ! directions off of hwy . 217 take the scholls ferry exit , go west head down scholls ferry about 1 - 1 / 2 miles , go left on borrows ( if you have reached the murray hill shopping center , you have gone too far ) follow borrows rd . about 1 mile , go left on 160 th after the 3 rd stop sign turn left on tuscany go right on 159 th ter . , green house on left if there is anyone i am forgetting please feel free to pass the word . . . stacy runswick ( 503 ) 807 - 7861 cell 
2	Subject: load up early and powerize your portfolio yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ o . 1 o watch this stock wednesday some of these little voip stocks have been realiy moving lately . and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of 10 o % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wiil market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketplace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideally suited , not only in north america , but in deveioping nations around the worid where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabiiities , cal | forwarding , call waiting , voice mail , and a global virtual number . aiso included in the new offering is a residentia | standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectiy with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any ce | | phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( ceiluiar bridging capabiiity ) . a sleek voip enabied , fu | | - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay , calier id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand alone voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewal | , enhanced cal | forwarding , cal | biock and remote dial - out ( celluiar bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wiil be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utiiize either a dial - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 20 o mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technologicaily advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiable in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a giobal scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite and wireiess capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 001 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: reorganization of houston and omaha facilities management responsibilities responsibility for daily operations of building support services in the enron building , houston leased offices , and two pacific place ( omaha ) will be transitioning from corporate to enron energy services ( ees ) by year - end . the areas affected include facility operations and maintenance of mechanical , electrical , and air - conditioning systems ; mail delivery ; housekeeping ; food , copier , and records services . this transition of services , as presently managed by enron property and services corp . ( epsc ) , is designed to optimize value to enron  , s business units by leveraging facility management businesses now offered by ees to their commercial customers . epsc staff having administrative responsibility for these services will report to enron facility services , a subsidiary of ees  , s global energy services group led by daniel leff , president and ceo . epsc is responsible for enron  , s internal real estate and office development needs , including leasing , space allocations and facility planning , project and construction management , furniture systems , and office relocation . epsc , in its development role , remains a part of enron corporate administration services ( ecas ) along with corporate security and the aviation department , reporting to bill donovan , vice president , corporate administrative services . this alignment of responsibilities offers the opportunity for epsc to focus resources on effective utilization of our existing office space assets and managing the development of houston  , s new enron center campus project . 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: re : noms / actuals for may 14 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 05 / 16 / 2001 10 : 40 : 11 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / energy / txu @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com , szajac @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actuals for may 14 th nom mcf mmbtu 40 , 000 40 , 119 41 , 202 
2	Subject: overseas pharmacy qc do you want a inexpensive perscriptions ? http : / / www . qety . com /  
2	Subject: your pain medlcat 10 n is like mine suffering for nothing v _ 1 ' c ^ o _ d . 1 - n 75 o m ^ gg 30 plils 169 . oo 60 pills 245 . 95 90 p | | | s 319 . 00 more pain relief here : http : / / randomnameisgood . com same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln : http : / / randomnameisgood . com / please / check out mervin boucher exoticdancer ibt - immunological and biochemical testsystems gmbh , d - 72770 reutlingen , germany , germany phone : 481 - 119 - 2117 mobile : 787 - 442 - 7112 email : wzstsqakcy @ doramail . com this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this software is a 91 day complementary product notes : the contents of this connection is for manipulation and should not be agglutinate emory aileen ammoniac causate time : mon , 20 dec 2004 12 : 49 : 16 + 0200 
2	Subject: schedule of prc meetings please find below the schedule of prc meetings for 2000 end of year performance . . . . _ risk mgmt november 27 , 2000 eb 49 c 4 11 : 30 am to ? ? ? global risk november 28 , 2000 eb 49 c 4 11 : 30 am to ? ? ? gas logistics november 28 , 2000 hyatt regency / pecan rm 11 : 30 am to ? ? ? gas and power settlements / deal clearing / texas logistics / volume mgmt november 29 , 2000 eb 49 c 4 11 : 30 am to ? ? ? all of gas trading operations december 5 , 2000 eb 49 c 4 11 : 30 am to ? ? ? all of energy operations december 8 , 2000 hyatt regency / sandlewood 8 : 00 am to ? ? ? _ performance process schedule october 25 , 2000 system opens for feedback november 17 , 2000 system closes for feedback november 20 , 2000 prc meetings begin december 15 , 2000 prc meetings conclude january 4 - 5 , 2000 executive committee meeting 
2	Subject: a brand new opportunity to work from home ! - lrmjq take control of your life today and make the money that you deserve ! welcome to the last stop in your search for a true and total money making opportunity . we have studied marketing for years and have finally come to where we are able to deliver to you the most complete package available today ! if you are looking for unlimited income potential then this is the chance for you . this is a real business , not multi - level - marketing , network marketing or any other type of business that you have seen in the past . it is a complete state of the art system that comes complete with everything that you need to succeed . find out how to capture the most exciting opportunity in years ! click here automated removal instructionsthis message is intended for individuals who have an interest in financial and money matters . if this message has reached you in error , and you want to be removed from our mail agents database , click here and type your email address in the subject header . your address will be automatically removed from our mail agents master database . thanks for your time : ) 
2	Subject: re : ken lay ' s speech the $ 1 . 3 trillion tax cut which is frequently quoted by the press is over 10 years , the $ 460 tax cut below is over five years . maureen raymond 01 / 02 / 2001 12 : 44 pm to : alhamd alkhayat / na / enron @ enron , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ken lay ' s speech i looked into the proposed tax cut by george w . bush . on his website he proposes a $ 460 billion tax cut over five years . the $ 213 billion " energy tax " imposed from 1999 to 2001 by higher energy prices , is roughly half of bush ' s proposed tax cut . maureen 
2	Subject: fw : slutty lady dvd quality movies ! rise and shine ! good lucking woman pics a characetr is a copeemltly fashioend will . nakemiin q , w  
2	Subject: re : outstanding ! 0 to 5 percent . it would be similar to having the bod of enron turning down a project with frevert , kitchen and duran support with a signed dash . unless the bod is planning on a new ceo , this is unlikely to happen . as a further indication of their confidence , the deal team is spending 3 days in vail this week , with family , to reccuperate ( sp ? ) . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: etc - theatre events - cats please see attached announcement on cats . margaret doucette is the coordinator for this event . thanks . 
2	Subject: fw : enron mentions hi l everytime you do this ( get promoted , listed in fortune etc . ) you set the bar higher and higher . it ' s good to see the progress you ' ve made . well done - very pleased for you . ok - goal for next year - take that top spot from carly fiorina ! ! best wishes to marcus and scott . amita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : omar , awais sent : tuesday 02 october 2001 15 : 22 to : gosalia , amita subject : fw : enron mentions - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nelson , dennis sent : 02 october 2001 15 : 18 to : romano , marcello ; omar , awais subject : fw : enron mentions [ dn ] thought you guys might appreciate this most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year business wire , 10 / 01 / 01 most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 drop in natural - gas prices may be good for consumers but hinder new production by alexei barrionuevo staff reporter of the wall street journal 10 / 02 / 2001 the wall street journal c 7 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) in the wake of last month ' s terrorist attacks , natural - gas prices have slid below $ 2 per million british thermal units , frustrating any hopes that prices will rebound this year to levels that would encourage more investment in natural - gas projects . analysts predict that with prices at current levels , projects to bring more liquefied natural gas into the u . s . could be shelved or canceled . natural - gas prices , which reached highs of nearly $ 10 per million btus last december , had held to around $ 3 to $ 5 per million btus for much of the year . at $ 2 per million btus and below , producers have a hard time justifying exploration and new production . analysts blamed the drop on weak industrial demand , fueled by the struggling chemicals and metals industries and by weaker electric - utility demand . nearby november futures fell 36 cents yesterday to $ 2 . 208 on the new york mercantile exchange . in the boston area , however , different concerns could lead to higher prices for that region . last week , the u . s . coast guard , under pressure from local lawmakers , indefinitely banned lng tankers from entering boston harbor . lng makes up 15 % of new england ' s gas supply and nearly half of its supply on very cold days . the coast guard and department of transportation are studying concerns that a lng tanker could become a bomb for terrorists . already , relative to other areas , natural - gas prices have inched higher in new england , where natural - gas pipeline constraints have long hampered the market . the spread between prices in new england and the gulf coast widened last week by 30 cents to $ 1 . 30 per million btus , said a spokeswoman for distrigas , a unit of belgium ' s tractebel sa . but the lack of lng isn ' t likely to become a big issue until winter hits and natural - gas storage is used up . richard grant , ceo of distrigas , says lng has a 30 - year safety record at the company ' s everett , mass . , terminal . while lng is flammable , he says it is unlikely to explode . he adds that " there are a lot of things being said right now that are just not factual . but until we answer the concerns , we won ' t be able to bring a ship in here . " deutsche banc alex . brown was among several brokerage firms downgrading fourth - quarter projections for natural - gas prices last week . " prior to sept . 11 , we were seeing signs that a lot of industrial demand was coming back , " said jay saunders , a deutsche banc analyst . " but all that is out the window now . " deutsche banc is now estimating a 20 % drop in winter demand in the industrial sector , which accounts for more than a quarter of total u . s . natural - gas consumption . the slack demand has resulted in supplies that have practically overflowed storage , which is on pace to be full by the end of october . while prices that are close to historical levels are good for consumers , such low prices could scare many producers away from making investments to ensure future natural - gas demand is met . lower prices have already led energy companies to slow their drilling and some firms , such as eog resources inc . , plan to moderate production in the next two months . gas drilling - rig counts fell to 953 last week from 1 , 030 at the end of august . even with the increased natural - gas drilling of earlier this year , overall natural - gas supply is expected to increase just 1 % this year , as the country ' s mature wells continue to be depleted faster than companies can replace them . the tight supply picture has analysts optimistic that prices will rebound next year amid lower interest rates , increased defense and relief spending and returning consumer confidence . still , the downturn could cause some firms to rethink or postpone projects to import gas in a liquid form . with prices high last winter , el paso corp . and enron corp . , among others , said they would build a dozen or so receiving terminals for liquefied natural gas , which is gas compressed and frozen to minus - 260 degrees fahrenheit . " you will see some cancellations and some delays , " predicts marshall adkins , an analyst with raymond james & associates in houston . natural - gas prices need to average $ 3 per million btus on the east coast and $ 3 . 50 on the west coast to justify bringing in lng to those areas , said ronald barone , an analyst with ubs warburg . a spokeswoman for el paso , houston , says the company is moving forward with at least three terminals for the u . s . market . enron said it is also pushing ahead with a terminal in the bahamas that would pipe the gas to florida starting in 2004 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron leases part of mumbai estate to citibank freny patel mumbai 10 / 02 / 2001 business standard 5 copyright ( c ) business standard after months of scouting for a buyer for its one lakh square feet office space at wockhardt towers in bandra - kurla complex , enron has been able lease out 10 , 000 square feet of it to citibank na . against an expected realisation from rs 130 crore for the outright sale of its four floors , enron will get around rs 1 . 2 crore a year by leasing out one floor to citibank . the deal was struck recently by the global real estate consultant , cushman & wakefield , at a monthly rental of rs 100 per square foot . with property prices in mumbai having slumped and with no reprieve expected in the short run , companies are increasingly opting to lease space instead of blocking funds in illiquid assets . property consultants say that if enron manages to lease out the entire four floors , it will be easier for it to sell the property to a buyer , as the buyer would be assured of a fixed income . enron had eyed a deal of rs 130 crore when it mandated global real estate consultants to sell the premises at around rs 12 , 000 per square foot . this is despite the fact that real estate at bandra kurla currently fetches rs 8 , 000 to rs 9 , 000 per square feet . in june 2000 , the us energy giant had shelled out rs 125 . 75 crore when it acquired the four floors , plus car park space , from wockhardt , the pharmaceutical company . the deal was struck at rs 10 , 500 per sq ft , and included parking space for 101 cars . industry sources said that enron had spent a sum close to rs 150 crore to acquire the property , and pay for the interior furnishings of two of the four floors it had acquired . in order for it to break even , it would have had to sell its real estate at the rate of rs 13 , 000 per square foot . four to five global real estate consultants have been appointed by enron for the sale of its premises . a leading consultant said that it has been difficult to find any buyers for such a large property . " most international buyers prefer to take property on lease instead of an outright purchase , " he added . moreover , the inefficiency of the building in terms of the super built - up area is another reason why corporate entities are not too eager to acquire the premises , and enron ' s proposition continues to go abegging , said the consultant . copyright ? 2000 dow jones ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia contact : for fortune terry mcdevitt , 212 / 522 - 4788 terry _ mcdevitt @ timeinc . com carrie welch , 212 / 522 - 6724 carrie _ welch @ timeinc . com caroline plauche , 212 / 522 - 2134 caroline _ plauche @ timeinc . com 12 : 24 edt october 1 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: dine out at these great restaurants to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . esalesl . 0 - 2 f 2 b 770 - 4 e 58 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 32 . moosq . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: re : pg & e texoma volumes fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael eiben / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2000 04 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gary anderson @ enron on 03 / 21 / 2000 02 : 25 : 52 pm to : michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect cc : jeff may / gpgfin / enron @ enron , charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , george grant / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : pg & e texoma volumes this is an outside measured volume that we don ' t receive volumes on until month ' s end so systematically , no information equals zero . spi , the software vendor for mips is investigating all of the rules currently in place for file transfers , particularly 0 volumes . the only possible solution is to tag all zero volumes sent in the nightly file process as ( i ) incomplete . i will let you know the outcome of this investigation and the monies required to complete . we may require a work order to complete based on the outcome of the investigation . michael eiben @ ect 03 / 21 / 2000 10 : 50 am to : jeff may / gpgfin / enron @ enron , gary anderson / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , george grant / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect subject : pg & e texoma volumes jeff / gary , where is measurement in the process of sending pipeline operations more complete data ? we continue to have this problem at various bidirectional meters and meter 980071 below is the latest casuality . when mips sends pipeline operations a zero prelim , this becomes the best available number and overlays the estimate that gas control sends us . when this happens & scheduling doesn ' t catch to override the zero , the desk ' s expense is understated . this is causing a huge mess for texas operations . what is the plan to move this up on measurements priority list ? we need an answer asap ! ! charlotte , at what other meters are we having this problem ? mve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael eiben / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2000 10 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : charlotte hawkins 03 / 21 / 2000 09 : 54 am to : jeff may / gpgfin / enron @ enron , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , george grant / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : pg & e texoma volumes i spoke with romeo d ' souza this morning regarding the on - going problem of mips feeding zeros to pops when incomplete data is received . in light of the e - mail below regarding how important it is that we receive accurate data from mips . . . . could you please update me on the status of this correction . thank you so much . charlotte hawkins - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by charlotte hawkins / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2000 09 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lauri a allen 03 / 21 / 2000 09 : 04 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , bryan hull / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : pg & e texoma volumes in reviewing some of the imbalance numbers , i discovered that valero texoma ( # 71 ) bav volumes have not fed into pops since 3 / 14 causing an out of balance at the meter in excess of 500 , 000 mm month to date . the more critical part of this problem , however , is that pops has fed 0 volumes back to sitara on some of the hplc deals . this means that these purchase volumes ( expenses ) have not been picked up in tom ' s p & l and are , instead , sitting in ua 4 . to the extent that the purchase prices vary from the ua 4 value , the p & l may take a hit when these actual volumes flow through . i realize that kim is out and that you guys are stretched thin , however , a problem of this magnitude needs to be addressed as soon as it ' s discovered . someone needs to be overriding the 0 volumes so that sitara is receiving correct information and the p & l is kept as accurate as possible . please give me a call if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: re : seeking intelligent insight please . my only risk is potnetial embarrassment . thanks , mark vince j kaminski 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 47 pm to : mark lay / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : seeking intelligent insight mark , i fully agree with you regarding general trends . i see great progress in software applications that facilitate the process and make it almost painless to the end - user . with you permission , i can show the material you sent me to my son , who studies computer science , and ask him for his view . vince 
2	Subject: venetta stock alert uacp profile repulsion sun , 19 dec 2004 22 : 45 : 30 - 0600 before we continue - very important - it is expected that uacp will have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it monday morning a huge fax campaign will begin monday evening to over 4 . 5 million investors . jump on board while this stock is below $ 1 because from monday evening until friday it will be very heavily promoted . symbol : uacp current price : 0 . 37 10 days target price : 1 . 25 3 months target price : 1 . 66 breaking news : uauthorize corp . announces upgrades in web cam watcher software â € œ uacpâ €  currently trading at . 30 and is headed to 1 . 25 you do not want to miss this deal . the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . 2853 x ( 2 _ jl } a _ 1 m 312 wc 4 mcm 9 w 62 a please note : our picks normally generate 200 to 400 % grow with our promotions this one is expected to be our highest one this year , this week coming up so don ' t miss out on the possibility of explosive growth this week coming up . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . this newsletter was paid 35500 from third party to send this report . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . hamstring blockade assertion 
2	Subject: simulation i have met with john l and most trading heads and back office heads . concensus was to have the simulation next thursday morning ( 9 - 11 ) . we are in the process of assembling documents for the simulation . you don ' t need to read them , but if you are interested , they will follow in the next email . dave 
2	Subject: coke * or pepsi * - which is your favorite cola ? we ' ll give you $ 100 worth of soda or a $ 100 restaurant gift card for choosing between coke ® * or pepsi ® * for our survey . cglfbydh 
2	Subject: the real options conference shirley , please , forward my bio to crystal . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 11 / 2000 08 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - crystal barry on 02 / 09 / 2000 05 : 05 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : the real options conference dear vince , as the above event is drawing closer , i thought i would write a quick email to finalise a few things with you . i understand that you would like a guest to attend , please can you let me know their name and job title . also , if you could send me your conference checklist i would appreciate it , so that i can finalise details with my audio visual company . in the meantime , if there is anything i can do for you , please do not hesitate to let me know on 0171 - 915 - 5116 . kind regards crystal 
2	Subject: nerve test reminder are you in pain ? relief is possible ! more no more brace belmontclan astronaut circainch betsey anywayspastic bindery recurringtruss compactify detentsequel diatomaceous brooklynparameter link chillfortin djakarta sovietepiscopate sept yawlhorsetail evolutionary appetitetrillionth cabinet mastiffnair goblet tancookie 
2	Subject: pre - approved application sun , 07 nov 2004 16 : 28 : 32 - 0800 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , veronica hutton econometric anglo van doomsday delphine finitary behave pyroelectric devotee genitive diatribe perfunctory ponce economic wholly sweeten innovate lichenheaven turn crowberry ndjamena ross ajar fief philanthropic darpa chauffeur tow occlude verb dogtooth trunk repute anew selenatejulio glass downwind absolution arenaceous celia chandler ambiguity aile criteria tedious mcginnis evans surveyor clark celtic honeymoon litiganteyewitness hesse presentational hinman discrepant dispute somebody greek turbofan irvin inscribe mature dutch cardiology hayward console bramble fraternitymemento accident condition purcell mustard yesterday atropos chinaman neuronal indefinite mantrap cyanate belvidere dally felsite 
2	Subject: _ super _ v - i - a - g - r - a n dpv - cialis - ( tadalafil ) is known as super vii | aig | ria because it acts quicker and lasts much longer ! cialis has been dubbed the weekend pill : take it once and it lasts all weekend . cialis starts working up to twice as fast as v - i - a - g - r - a , and continues working for up to 24 - 36 hours . it ' s the best man pills in the market today ! best of all , here ' s the good point of cialis compared to v - i - a - g - r - a : - twice or even much better than v - i - a - g - r - a or other pills ! - virtually side effect f - r - e - e and can be taken without food or alcohol restraints . - take effect in as little as 16 minutes . - 100 % mioney back giuarantee ! fulil reifund if not delighted ! please visit the site below for more information : this is one time mailing . no removal is required . anl fguigko dj dpheexpugrdcirnb cihrhbds nu inszchumm xfw  
2	Subject: feels bigger hello , welcome to pharmzonl spirituality ine oppose shop selfinvited - one of the ieading oniine pha inoculation rmaceuticai shops v clasppin l glister gr neuroma l l delirium u splurge a distortion ac freighter la i abomination s wharfage val woebegone m andmanyother . total confidenti neuroses aiity , over 5 demonstrator miliion customers , worldwide shlpplng repulsive , sa scission ve over 60 % ! have a nic privateering e day ! 
2	Subject: is it big enough ? you ' ve seen them on tv . . . . you ' ve read about them in the papers . . . our doctor developed pill will enlarge your penis up to 3 inches ! ! no joke ! 100 % guaranteed results . fact : 76 % of women think their lover ' s penis is to small , are you one of them ? only click here if you want to increase your penis size : http : / / pelvics . net / ms / ? meds no thanks : http : / / pelvics . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: faculty contact and schedule persentation dear mr . kaminski , the following are the faculty details : ms . deborah j . barrett instructor & dir . , mba communications phone 713 - 348 - 5394 barrett @ rice . edu mr . wil uecker associate dean for executive education phone 713 - 348 - 5869 uecker @ rice . edu mr . dennis wayne loughridge adjunct professor - management phone 713 - 348 - 4869 lounghrid @ rice . edu i will also speak with the faculty and inform them about the details concerning the presentation on may 7 at enron office ( time to be determine ) and the dinner following it . sincerely , luigi calabrese rice mba candidate class of 2002 
2	Subject: re : corporate card yes tony , mike authorized you for a corp . card , however that ' s something your asst . can do in london for you . if you need further asst . please inform . . . . . . . kevin moore tony hamilton @ enron 04 / 30 / 2001 07 : 28 am to : mike . a . roberts @ enron . com , tani . nath @ enron . com , kevin . g . moore @ enron . com cc : subject : corporate card is it possible for me to get a corporate card , and if so , who do i need to contact regarding this ? thanks tony 
2	Subject: never see a doctor again to get the medocations you want vo 4 8 ub u 49 p 26 oiy 7 pm 6 8 mq 3 bf 6 q 8 f 2 3 s 3 k 94 jw . why pay doctors to tell you what you already want ? v i a g r a . . . 7 x 7 ouu 9 rjorx oyla 6 typl 1 9 zu 25 so 03 z 76 f . more $ a \ / ings then you think , press . noq timl 814 ko jjqb t xi 578 ubu 49 p 26 o iy 7 p . m 68 mq 3 b f 6 q 8 f 23 s 3 k 94 jwr g 7 x 70 uu 9 r jorx . but at that moment i glanced round at the crowd that had followed me . t 4 v 5 jkl 2 vvl 0 vo 4 15 gg f 9 m 13 gn 3 . no . that would never do . dq timl 814 koj jqbt xi 5 78 ubu 49 p 2 . m 68 mq  
2	Subject: help television in 1919 by seat to my knoweledge . chrono cross in 1969 
2	Subject: end of year clearance item no # description price $ 1 . 2 . 2 gb compact flash + type ii micro $ 99 . 00 2 . 256 mb ddr ram sodimm for notebook $ 29 . 90 3 . compaq ps / 2 keyboard $ 9 . 50 4 . diamond supraexpress 56 k ext . serial data / fax / voice modem $ 23 . 90 5 . diamond supramax 56 k usb external modem $ 25 . 50 6 . hp deskjet 1100 d printer $ 158 . 00 7 . hp laserjet 1160 printer $ 278 . 00 8 . intel play me 2 web camera $ 8 . 80 9 . logitech classic wireless keyboard + optical mouse + web camera w / built - in - microphone ( 3 - in - 1 ) $ 52 . 00 10 . logitech wireless optical scroll mouse $ 16 . 90 11 . logitech io personal digital pen $ 107 . 50 12 . notebookplus usb mini webcam $ 15 . 90 13 . notebookplus mobile mini usb keypad + calculator ( 2 - in - 1 ) $ 49 . 00 14 . oem 4 port usb 2 . 0 mini hub no power required $ 5 . 50 15 . optorite 8 x + / - dvd - rewriter $ 49 . 00 16 . olympus trip - md 3 focus free camera $ 19 . 50 17 . oem pcmcia 5 in 1 memory card reader $ 36 . 00 18 . pocket digital camcoder / camera ( 2 - in - 1 ) $ 58 . 00 19 . security lock kit for cpu / monitor / keyboard lock ( aluminium ) $ 9 . 50 20 . sim card backup 168 16 kb memory $ 36 . 00 21 . super gsm usb sim card reader $ 17 . 50 22 . samsung 52 x 24 x 52 xl 6 dvd - cdrw combo $ 34 . 90 23 . toshiba advanced port replicator $ 99 . 00 24 . usb to ethernet adapter $ 12 . 90 25 . zdrive 1 . 5 gb usb 2 . 0 drive $ 127 . 00 256 mb ddr ram sodimm gsm usb sim card reader logitech io personal digital pen diamond supramax 56 k usb ext . modem notebookplus mobile mini usb keypad your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective ownerstoshiba for export only . hp only for sale in the middle east products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: meter 6315 , purch from torch / rally , october daren , i show that you extended the purchase , deal ticket 461059 , to cover flow on the first two days . however , now that measurement has closed , i show that we have flow on this meter for the entire month , with the exception of a few days in the middle . please let me know if we want to extend this deal ( 85 % of hsc - lg , etc ) or if i should put this gas on strangers until we determine what to do . i am now on the dreaded ua 4 list from vol . mgmt . mary 
2	Subject: feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jackie young 08 / 21 / 2000 10 : 48 am to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron subject : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 gary , can you assist karen with the below request to cover the day in question ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000 10 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : karen lindley @ enron 08 / 21 / 2000 10 : 24 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 jackie , volume is allocating to deal number 51862 on 1 / 16 / 99 on meter 984132 , however the deal does not have this day on it . please have 1 / 16 added to the deal so the error will clear . thanks and if you need additional info , let me know . karen 
2	Subject: re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university iris , i wrote an endorsement for his book on real options ( it was on the cover under jeff skilling ' s name ) . let ' s invite him to the thursday lunch . vince from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 29 / 2001 05 : 52 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / enron communications cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university hi stinson , a colleague of mine - professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university - is interested in visiting enron to give a talk on work he is doing in the broadband area . please see the forwarded emails for further information and available dates . can you let me know if we can give him a forum at one of our thursday research lunches or a friday brown bag lunch ? thanks , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nalin kulatilaka @ enron com ] sent : thursday , march 29 , 2001 5 : 40 pm to : mack , iris cc : lin , martin subject : re : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university hi iris i have two different hats to wear in talking to enron . one is as a financial economist . the other as the director of the newly formed " global mobility innovation initiative ( gmii ) - - this is the research project funded by lucent , involving bu , lbs , and insead , to study various aspects of the mobile internet ( read 3 g ) . on the former i am working with a couple of ph . d . students in understanding ( a ) details of how having physical supply ( inventory ) can be used by a market maker . this is a problem that has been studies in the context of specialists inventory in the stock market but i think really interesting in the way enron does it in some of the newer markets like bandwidth . i think this is a big issue in lighting up all the dark fiber that is in the ground . ( b ) how enron is disciplining the internal decision making process with market . this is in many ways the critical aspect of real options that most finance people miss - - having options is one thing but exercising them and realizing their value is another . all of the incomplete contracting , asymmetric information , and incentive issues are ignored in real options valuation models . but they are real in practice . my impression is enron ' s real success is in putting place an organization that is able to mitigate these problems by imposing a market disciplining . ( c ) how enron manages the various books that involve physicals , financials , credit etc . this is specially important when many of the real assets have options features and therefore , include non - linear risk profiles . the story of gas is pretty well understood but not many of the others markets enron has been moving into over the last few years . on the gmii front , i think that some interesting opportunities arise when you think of the spectrum in a way similar to that of dark fiber . i am working with several people at lucent on this issue . i think it would be wonderful to engage in a conversation with enron and lucent folks in the room . i can do a lunch time talk on any of these issues . perhaps we can discuss some of these over a conference call . clearly , having vince kaminski in the room would be very important to me . as for schedules , the first 3 weeks of april are horrible . april 26 / 27 , may 3 / 4 are good for me . regards nalin at 06 : 56 pm 03 / 22 / 2001 , mack , iris wrote : > hi , > > as we briefly discussed , i spoke with one of my colleagues ( dr . > martin lin ) about your visiting enron to give a talk and to spend some > time with us to discuss you work in telecommunications , real options , > etc . > > martin and i are working on various broadband related problems . > > we thought it might be helpful if you let us know a bit more about > the following : > * when you want to come ( the research group has weekly > catered lunch on thursday and brown bag lunches on every other friday ) . > > * a description of what you want to talk about with respect > to telecoms , broadband , etc . > * who you would like to meet with me - vince kaminski ( our > boss ) , any other of our colleagues in research , broadband , etc . > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . etc . > > > > > look forward to hearing from you . > > regards , > iris 
2	Subject: get back to me mr . joshua nkosi , absa bank limited , johannesburg , south africa . dear sir , i am mr . joshua nkosi , manager of bills / exchange at the foreign remittance department of absa bank . in my department , we discovered an abandoned sum of us $ 14 , 700 , 000 . 00 ( fourteen million , seven hundred thousand united state dollars only ) in an account that belonged to one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire family , on november 1996 , in a ghastly plane crash , and he happened to be a foreigner . since we got the information about his death , we have been expecting his next - of - kin to come over and claim his money because we can not release it unless somebody applied for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , nobody has come forward to claim this money . it is based on this that some officials in my department and i have decided to establish a cordial business relationship with you , hence by contacting you . we want you to present yourself as the next of kin through your relation with the deceased , so that the funds can be remitted into your account . moreover , we do not want the money to go into the government account as unclaimed bills . the banking law and guidelines here stipulates that any account abandoned or is dormant for a period of years , is deemed closed and all money contained therein forfeited to the government treasury account . now , it is being speculated that the above sum will be transferred into the government account as an unclaimed fund on or before the end of this financial quarterof 2005 , when nobody come forward to lay claims . the reason for requesting you to present yourself as next of kin , is occasioned by , the fact that the deceased ( customer ) was a foreigner , and we have access to his detailed bio data which you will hold as a weapon to present yourself as the next of kin . the mode of sharing after a successful transfer of the money into your account , shall be 70 % to my colleagues and i , for the role you will be expected to play in this deal , we have agreed to give you 25 % of the total sum and 5 % for the expenses we are going to encounter by the two parties in the course of this transaction . therefore , you are expected to reply this letter indicating your readiness and interest to participate in this business . after receiving your reply , you will be communicated to with the exact steps to take . i expect your urgent response through my email address : joshuakosi @ maktoob . com . and i shall contact you for further discussion on this matter , to enable us conclude this transaction urgently without any delay or hitch . please treat this business proposal as strictly confidential for security reasons considering my official position in absa bank . personal regards , mr . joshua nkosi .  
2	Subject: 7 - 1 - 00 to 7 - 15 - 00 off duty and overtime report oops ! forgot to attach ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 14 / 2000 11 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 07 / 14 / 2000 11 : 53 am to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : 7 - 1 - 00 to 7 - 15 - 00 off duty and overtime report attached is the off duty and overtime that was reported to me for the above pay period . you are the only ones in our group that had these reported . please review and if there is an error , please let me know by next monday the 17 th and i can correct it . otherwise , we cannot correct it until the next pay period . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: california puc proposed decision attached are notes from a press conference that cpuc president lynch held earlier today . sue mara works in our sf office . as a note , all of these concepts must still be approved tomorrow at a cpuc public meeting with 3 votes . we expect passage . call with any questions . jim - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 03 / 26 / 2001 02 : 06 pm - - - - - susan j mara 03 / 26 / 2001 01 : 14 pm to : alan comnes / pdx / ect @ ect , angela schwarz / hou / ees @ ees , beverly aden / hou / ees @ ees , bill votaw / hou / ees @ ees , brenda barreda / hou / ees @ ees , carol moffett / hou / ees @ ees , cathy corbin / hou / ees @ ees , chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect , christina liscano / hou / ees @ ees , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , craig h sutter / hou / ees @ ees , dan leff / hou / ees @ ees , debora whitehead / hou / ees @ ees , dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , don black / hou / ees @ ees , douglas huth / hou / ees @ ees , edward sacks / corp / enron @ enron , eric melvin / hou / ees @ ees , erika dupre / hou / ees @ ees , evan hughes / hou / ees @ ees , fran deltoro / hou / ees @ ees , gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , ginger dernehl / na / enron @ enron , gordon savage / hou / ees @ ees , harold g buchanan / hou / ees @ ees , harry kingerski / na / enron @ enron , iris waser / hou / ees @ ees , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , james wright / western region / the bentley company @ exchange , jeff messina / hou / ees @ ees , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees , jess hewitt / hou / ees @ ees , joe hartsoe / corp / enron @ enron , karen denne / corp / enron @ enron , kathy bass / hou / ees @ ees , kathy dodgen / hou / ees @ ees , ken gustafson / hou / ees @ ees , kevin hughes / hou / ees @ ees , leasa lopez / hou / ees @ ees , leticia botello / hou / ees @ ees , mark s muller / hou / ees @ ees , marsha suggs / hou / ees @ ees , marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , michael etringer / hou / ect @ ect , michael mann / hou / ees @ ees , michelle d cisneros / hou / ect @ ect , mpalmer @ enron . com , neil bresnan / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees , paul kaufman / pdx / ect @ ect , richard l zdunkewicz / hou / ees @ ees , richard leibert / hou / ees @ ees , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , rita hennessy / na / enron @ enron , robert badeer / hou / ect @ ect , rosalinda tijerina / hou / ees @ ees , sandra mccubbin / na / enron @ enron , sarah novosel / corp / enron @ enron , scott gahn / hou / ees @ ees , scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees , sharon dick / hou / ees @ ees , skean @ enron . com , susan j mara / na / enron @ enron , tanya leslie / hou / ees @ ees , tasha lair / hou / ees @ ees , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , terri greenlee / na / enron @ enron , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees , vicki sharp / hou / ees @ ees , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , jubran whalan / hou / ees @ ees , triley @ enron . com , richard b sanders / hou / ect @ ect , robert c williams / enron _ development @ enron _ development , dwatkiss @ bracepatt . com , rcarroll @ bracepatt . com , donna fulton / corp / enron @ enron , gfergus @ brobeck . com , kathryn corbally / corp / enron @ enron , bruno gaillard / eu / enron @ enron , linda robertson / na / enron @ enron , ren ? lazure / western region / the bentley company @ exchange , michael tribolet / corp / enron @ enron , phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , christian yoder / hou / ect @ ect , jklauber @ llgm . com , tamara johnson / hou / ees @ ees , mary hain / hou / ect @ ect , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , jeff dasovich / na / enron @ enron , dirk vanulden / western region / the bentley company @ exchange , steve walker / sfo / ees @ ees , james wright / western region / the bentley company @ exchange , mike d smith / hou / ees @ ees , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , leslie lawner / na / enron @ enron , robert neustaedter / enron _ development @ enron _ development , steve walton / hou / ect @ ect , psmith 3 @ enron . com , mjackso 7 @ enron . com , janel guerrero / corp / enron @ enron , mark fillinger / sf / ect @ ect , jennifer rudolph / hou / ees @ ees , martin wenzel / sfo / hou / ees @ ees , wgang @ enron . com , joseph alamo / na / enron @ enron , tracy ngo / pdx / ect @ ect , ray alvarez / na / enron @ enron , steve c hall / pdx / ect @ ect , mday @ gmssr . com , sgovenar @ govadv . com cc : subject : cpuc news - - from press conference as we speak lynch started out castigating ferc for the " failure to act " , sellers for high prices forcing ca into this action . has some charts in the press package . talked about how wonderful the govs proposals have been . said net short is 34 % . sellers " have us over a barrell " for those sales . attorney gen continues investigation of the sellers . these are all for going forward costs - - this doesn ' t address the " $ for the hot dog , which is being taken care of in sacramento . " she said these proposals ensure reliability and allow treasurer to issue bonds . continues to castigate ferc throughout the call . wants new appointments to ferc from the states - - " our cries have fallen on deaf ears " lynch announced the following votes for tomorrow : 1 . wood ' s proposal - - modified - - order that the ious to pay the qfs beginning 4 / 1 on a going forward basis only . modified existing formula in section 390 ( legislative change to this section did not pass yet ) . shifts the srac gas index from topoc ( where wood says the prices are being mnipulated ) to malin , where prices have been more stable . 2 . sets the ca procurement adjustment - - orders the ious to pay the dwr for purchases . at one point she said that the order would be for all power for purchased by the state beginning jan 19 ; at another point she said that the payments are for going forward costs . " it ' s time to pay the power bills for california . " cpa calculated based on the " residual " method , rather than the proportional method . payments to dwr made on the proportional method , however . 3 . lynch alternate setting a 3 cents / kwh increase in accordance with ab lx . ( the alj decision said no rate increase . ) makes the 1 cent temp charge permanent ( we believe that this is additive with the 3 cents - 4 cent total ) believe this covers all needs on a going forward basis . according to abx 1 , small customers with 130 % over baseline get no increase , small customers with 200 % increase , get a 9 % increase - - the rest get socked , i guess . adopted turn ' s accounting proposal implying that the rate freeze is not yet over . will look at rate design in a future proceeding . takes ious 30 - 45 days to charge the rates ( although could come earlier ) ; will conduct a rate design proceeding during that time period ( see # 5 ) . 4 . orders an investigation into the utility holding company structure to see if it is best for the public utilities to be outside holding companies . a new proceeding was also identified . 5 . lynch is issuing an assigned comissioner ruling proposing a new rate structure . ( i presume to have rates that increase greatly with more use ) need information from dwr to calculate rates and dwr has not yet provided it . described the need to have a record on this . as mentioned in # 3 above - - would expect this to be comepled with a decision in 30 - 45 days . in one of the above orders , lynch said that she orders the utililities to go after sellers using all legal means for the unjust and unreasonable prices . 
2	Subject: re : new business h , lyette , i am working systematically through un - answered messages . yes , i shall be delighted to meet your friend . vince helyette geman on 04 / 05 / 2001 04 : 58 : 47 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : vkaminski @ aol . com subject : new business dear vince , a friend of mine , head of research and new projects in a major bank , wanted to get in touch with the energy industry to possibly develop working relationships . i said that enron was the right place to start and " you " the right person to meet . in this order , he would come to the power 2001 and i would introduce him to you . is this o . k with you ? best regards helyette h , lyette geman professor of finance university paris ix dauphine and essec 
2	Subject: nom change on tejas for garza plant darren , changes for 6 / 23 . . . . . i will be taking over the duties ami has been handling effective july lst in coordinating changes will devon . this is june , but jan is already sending me changes . can you get with me this afternoon or tomorrow and let me know who i should send changes to ? thanks , bev 853 - 6357 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 06 / 22 / 2000 09 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " jan svajian " 06 / 22 / 2000 08 : 25 am to : cc : subject : nom change on tejas for garza plant see attached . - enron nom change . xls 
2	Subject: re : resume from a neural networks zealot celeste , we can use this guy as a help for enron broad band svc ' s . we are getting many projects in this area . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2000 07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - konstantin mardanov on 01 / 24 / 2000 12 : 06 : 42 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : resume from a neural networks zealot on wed , 20 oct 1999 , vince j kaminski wrote : > konstantin , > > i am sending your resume to the analyst / associate program > with the recommendation to accept you as an intern in my group . > > vince dear dr . kaminski , it has been a long time since i contacted you so i was wondering if my resume had been considered for an internship in your group . i will appreciate it very much if you let me know when i should expect to learn about a decision on the issue . thank you for you time . sincerely , konstantin . konstantin mardanov department of physics , | 5012 duval st , apt . 206 university of texas @ austin , | austin , tx 78751 , u . s . a . rlm 7 . 316 , austin , tx 78712 | u . s . a . | phone : 001 ( 512 ) 374 - 1097 e - mail : mardanov @ physics . utexas . edu url ( almost obsolete ) : http : / / www . niif . spb . su / ~ mardanov - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
2	Subject: super cheap rates on best sexual health drug ! the power and effects of cialis stay in your body 9 times longer than vlagra ! save up to 60 % - order generic cialis today ! now they ' re chewable . like soft candy ! sundance amandalmisha pookiel zeppelin niki orangesjared action sapphire roman peggy dgj utopia jan tiffany bfi jojogordon dan stingl charliel lady mollyl scarlett berniecharity fugazi butch praise warriorssbdc hornet toronto mars moomoo kingdom  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: imperial capital - thursday schedule the following is the schedule for thursday ' s meeting with imperial capital . currently all meetings are scheduled in eb 2868 . we are trying to arrange a different conference room and will let you know if we obtain one . 9 : 00 am - jim fallon - electricity 9 : 30 am - fred lagrasta - gas 10 : 00 am - lynda clemmons and david kistler - weather 10 : 30 am - ed ondarza - pulp and paper 11 : 00 am - stinson gibner - research 12 noon - lunch 1 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm - discussion thanks in advance to all who will come to speak in the morning . 
2	Subject: hi if you are paying more than 3 . 6 % on your mortgage , we can save you money ! guaranteed lowest rates on the planetapproval regardless of credit history ! start saving todayshow me the lowest rates to stop receiving offers here  
2	Subject: sdeu depression . . . new prozac can help you . ocepatt prozac is one of the world ' s most widely prescribed antidepressants ; it has been prescribed for more than 40 million people worldwide . chances are , someone you know is getting better because of it . read more  
2	Subject: do you want a watch ? http : / / inl . nepel . com 
2	Subject: re : petrochem desk yes , i will have kate get involved and talk to christian to get details . vasant - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 9 : 29 am to : shanbhogue , vasant cc : kaminski , vince subject : petrochem desk vasant , it seems we have to help them . can kate help on this project ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nelson neale @ enron 04 / 20 / 2001 10 : 29 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : petrochem desk i had a chance to speak with christian lebroc this morning with regard to curve building for petrochemicals . as it turns out , christian left rac in april and joined the petrochem desk as a trader . previous efforts at construction of a forward curve by the group have focused on intuition or swags . unfortunately , the group had a rough p & l year with at least some of the blame directed toward the forward curve or lack thereof . when asked about the fundamentals group , christian indicated that they ' d only been around about 3 - 4 months and are not yet well - suited to curve building . john nowlan is indeed the head of the group . from a timing perspective , i told christian that it would probably take at least 6 - 8 weeks to develop a curve , especially considering the need to understand the key market drivers / fundamentals . as was suggested yesterday during our meeting , a strong relationship between petrochemicals and a nymex component ( e . g . , crude oil ) would provide a great beginning point - - we could then potentially strengthen / augment this relationship with other key factors ( e . g . , supply and demand terms ) borne out of our market research . nelson 
2	Subject:  want a cheap rolex watch ?  
2	Subject: one of the best on the net ! have you ever dreamt of your elder sister sucking your dick and filling her mouth with your hot cum ? . . . global incest - incest pics , incest samples in videos , free incest stories as mums dads having sex with their sons daughters click here for free tour remove your email 
2	Subject: can lupe come over and watch ? here ' s the lube you neeeed . let it glide with priiiiide . this will make it feeeeed . so come on and riiiiiiide : )  . . . address solute inconvertible earnest message earthmoving frontage alpenstock experiential ordinance graves bufflehead darpa mobcap rodeo puzzle crewman penitentiary brahms inbreed tadpole delouse reciprocal aristocratic militia pet wakeup pence gully holland capo . blacken cutoff middlebury ramify bellboy austere axon ferguson adolph affable scriptural dead neve closeup passage tombstone refer sud amazon circuit clapboard chipboard apperception ama pheasant acyclic canis marion nelsen wave debauch thoreau fabricate bronco bebop burgundian aliquot sari automaton .  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? i supply you the cha ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? mpion choice comput ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? er programs ?  we can extend you the best choice programs with lowest manageable price . we forward by global airmail free of charge . visit my company website for news .  
2	Subject: talk to us over the last several years , we ' ve received numerous questions and candid comments from many of you on a wide range of topics during our espeak sessions and through the office of the chairman online mailbox and voicemail . while espeak is an open , informal chat between employees and management , the office of the chairman online mailbox and voicemail box are designed as confidential upward feedback tools for employees who choose anonymity . we are pleased that many of you have openly expressed your thoughts and your identity , which made it possible for us to quickly respond to your questions and concerns . this is the kind of work environment we all must strive for at enron , and we encourage you to continue sending us comments about the things that are important to you . many times , however , we wanted to respond to those of you who contacted us anonymously with your good ideas , observations and questions . we now have a way to do this while maintaining your confidentiality . in the future , when we receive an anonymous question or comment from an employee , both the question and our response will be posted on emeet . this will allow us to answer all the questions that we receive , and it will give other employees an opportunity to provide their insight , if they choose to do so , since emeet is an open discussion board . remember : you can send your questions and comments to us in two ways : - email to office of the chairman , or - office of the chairman voicemail box at 713 - 853 - 7294 , which is a confidential call promoting open and honest communication is consistent with our vision and values and absolutely vital to our continued success as a company . so don ' t be hesitant or afraid to speak your mind . we want to hear from you . 
2	Subject: learn to build simple and clean websites that can bring in the dough . . . 75 % off for all new software . politeness , n . the most acceptable hypocrisy . fashion can be bought . style one must possess . 
2	Subject: correction to hi 140 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 16 / 2000 02 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 16 / 2000 01 : 22 : 07 pm to : , cc : subject : correction to hi 140 i entered the wrong volume on the high island 140 platform for the change effective 6 / 17 / 00 . the gross volume should have been 4014 ( 3713 dbq and 301 excess ) . attached is a revised nomination . sorry for the inconvenience . steve - hil 40 reveffo 61700 . xls 
2	Subject: north county standard - review on v * i ' c . 0 * d * ! , n im happy with this pain levels stuff h _ y ^ d . r - 0 . c ^ o _ d _ o - n * e lo / 5 oo m . g 3 o plils 169 . oo 6 o pi | | s 279 . oo 9 o pil | s 389 . oo stocks are running out ! : http : / / irritate . seeforyourselves . com same day shipping s _ t . o , p : http : / / absorb . seeforyourselves . com / please nice meeting you sandy gaston wood - cutter probiogen ag , berlin , 13086 , germany phone : 941 - 611 - 8241 mobile : 419 - 924 - 1249 email : wvpbjbdkzs @ stayfree . co . uk this message is for confirmation this product is a 88 minute usage file notes : the contents of this reply is for usage and should not be spiny hanford rot gobble concentric time : sun , 30 jan 2005 22 : 59 : 39 - 0500  
2	Subject: bait - smoothes : charlotte herald - comparison about new love connections hello bait - smoothes , c , e ' a * s , e ion marketing limitedd 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels westhong kong until i ' s toroidal wong josephine retroactive appetite dad warn placate declare nelsen quarrel harvey option abscess blanket cytology robot negro indigent prosecution sanctity bimolecular kajar milestone argive 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see severai ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . flexible discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: mainline expansion 250 & 300 mmcf / d scenarios - revised the attached reflect marketing ' s request to have interest , overheads , and afudc split out for all line items . the revision also includes recent additional input by engineering . if you have any question , please call . ron m . 
2	Subject: ` shoot bucket loads of cu , m increase your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - increased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter dlscreet same day shipping - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) optout : http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / d / o . php  
2	Subject: next step defender extractions loafed caste particle fredrick blackboard lustiness hails adopted mounted explore resolver deadlines bivouacs nomination mcdougall waxing cosines ensnared invent tickle rainy accost whitened anarchist uncaught latinizations widener chesterton mohammedanize redeem broadens - - phone : 569 - 780 - 7589 mobile : 482 - 194 - 5436 email : berniecebenson @ kunmail . com  
2	Subject: backtesting graphs for semivariance var fyi . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2000 08 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : samantha t davidson 03 / 08 / 2000 09 : 07 pm to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , david port / corp / enron @ enron cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , william patrick lewis / hou / ect @ ect , mike fowler / corp / enron @ enron subject : backtesting graphs for semivariance var per your request , please review the graphs below for comparision of backtesting results between the current var model and the same model using semivariance . in conclusion , the proposed var tuning ( rlpm ) backtests as well as the current method given the data sample used . gary has requested that this method be approved and adopted as the current method is not reflecting only the directional risk associated with his positions . upon approval , method can be implemented immediately . in thousands : 
2	Subject: all generic viagra prices include a free online prescription . same medication - low price education is life itself . high thoughts must have high language . living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . 
2	Subject: whats new in summer ? bawled carolyn regretful watchfully procrustes godly summer 2004 was too hot for the software manufacturers . no wonder ! as the prices were reduced in 3 - 4 times . this was caused by the software glut on the world market . on the other hand the user who were not able or just had no time to update their software now have the possibility to do this almost free of charge . read the whole article : year 2004 . sotware prices fall down . â © peter lemelman onerous reclaimers remunerate lounsbury dictate costed continued snooping digression rhine inseminate tilts instructs rejoice switchman stomaching hurtling brent gunners tortoises  
2	Subject: united way executive breakfasts please join us for one of the executive breakfasts at depelchin children  , s center , our adopted agency for this year and one of the more than 80 community organizations supported by the united way of the texas gulf coast . the executive breakfasts will focus on our 2000 campaign . to reach our goal of $ 2 , 310 , 000 , it will take the active leadership and support of each of you . we look forward to seeing all of you at one of the breakfasts . event : executive breakfast date : thursday , august 3 , 2000 ( hosted by joe sutton ) or friday , august 4 , 2000 ( hosted by jeff skilling ) time : 7 : 45 - 9 : 00 a . m . location : depelchin children  , s center 100 sandman ( close to memorial and shepherd intersection ) transportation : bus will depart from the enron building ( andrews street side ) promptly at 7 : 30 a . m . note : bus transportation is encouraged , due to limited onsite parking . however , if you should need to drive , a map will be provided . please r . s . v . p . no later than wednesday , july 26 to confirm your attendance and bus transportation to jessica nunez at 853 - 1918 . 
2	Subject: new york , etc . well . . . i am back and checking in with you . several things : 1 ) russell ' s mom passed away on friday . funeral is tomorrow ( tuesday ) at 4 : 00 p . m . in lubbock , texas . i am trying to make arrangements to attend , but it doesn ' t look probable due to flights . 2 ) i want your input on canceling the ny trip . i appreciate your support in letting me proceed to this point . the remaining benefit was to get everyone together with you to calm the nerves and set a course . i understand you will not be able to attend . it seems there is a general public belief ( from pec & keyspan ) that many enron employees will not have a job after this week . if they believe that , it is entirely inappropriate to be doing anything celebratory or we will be deemed as ruthless . i want to make this call immediately . we have only spent an incremental $ 500 . 00 in the reviving of this event . 3 ) per my e - mail on 11 / 16 , i want to ensure that ena retains deirdre mccaffrey who is currently in the freight group . can we please move her into my group ? 4 ) a small investment firm has approached us with an inquiry into enovate . they want us to sign a confidentiality to discuss further . your thoughts . . . 5 ) per our conversation last week , i have not received any package at my home . 5 ) is there anything productive i can do to help you ? laura 
2	Subject: replay of all - employee meeting so you missed the all - employee meeting ? no problem . you can view the enron update and q & a by ken , jeff and joe on oct . 3 by going to iptv . enron . com and clicking on special events . the meeting will run every two hours beginning at 8 a . m . today and will be available through oct . 31 . 
2	Subject: mortgage ref id last oppurtunity hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , abel shafferfuture pref here 
2	Subject: re : contract sounds good to me louise . thanks ! louise kitchen @ ect 06 / 27 / 2001 05 : 55 pm to : jaime williams / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : contract jaime , i think it would be a good idea to wait until the end of the prc process in a couple of weeks before discussing your contract . this should ensure we get the right contract put before you . its only a couple of weeks . louise 
2	Subject: teen _ s getting f : u : c : k : e : d _ in all ho ! es - [ upe ] dear client . ! fresh wet teen p : u : s : s : y ! teen girls s : e : x petite babes schoolgirls . over 150 + hours of hq video see free preview : http : / / cashmere . hoppik . com / oag / 
2	Subject: hey 3 x 6 u 2 k 5 v 5 s na 7 cpn 488 vp 182 g 84 b 3 324 c 44 goi 2 ipd 4 bow 3 01 s u 7 ko 3 e 8 f ssc 7 lf 2 rvlmo 00 iqnug o 8 ld 5 ow 33 cc 4 651 al 0841 yo qo wxbwq 53 d 780 g 3 3 da 4 r 3 frbol 8 g 7 3 df jo 773311 h mm 73 p 5 j 73 ffgh kc 3 n 82 ly f 66 f 6 l 6 100 al 3 ago okih 6 g 8 eljv 44 lw 36 q 8 it 57 xgo 4 i 8 vn 5 e 700 b 70 wbbx 6 6 o 3 vc 36 cn 728 tdqt 77 c 46 20 aogpyc 2 x 355 k 74 fsy 4 noa 53 b 2 r ciy 7 h 77 in puwsw 6 e 7 nd 7 tmm l 4 sn 8 q 4 o 60 c le 4 rnon 6 baxfd p 7 vo 8 bpcgt 7 b  
2	Subject: dedicated server stable offshore resources topromote your services / products : - mailing dedicated server - offshore web hosting - custom - built e - mail marketing solutions more information dont reply to this e - mail . please kindly contact us by ssales @ izbz . com or sales @ izbb . com jane sales dept icq : 339616524 please click to away : forour @ hotmail . com ? subject  webmaster @ ezmlm . org / a > < br   ? 
2	Subject: re : recruiting at carnegie - mellon i am so sorry that we keep missing one another . are you available at any time tomorrow so i can come visit to talk about carnegie mellon recruiting this fall ? kristin vince j kaminski @ ect 08 / 23 / 2000 05 : 33 pm to : john b gordon / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron subject : re : recruiting at carnegie - mellon john , i haven ' t received the invitation yet to the sep 13 th meeting . i shall contact you thursday regarding the cmu presentation . vince john b gordon @ enron 08 / 23 / 2000 05 : 01 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : recruiting at carnegie - mellon vince : i understand that you are the lead recruiter for cmu . as you know , i am the only alum from that school in enron ' s associate program . i assume i will be joining you for our corporate presentation on 9 / 13 at 7 : 30 am . please let me know what i can do to help prepare for this event . enron and gsia are a great fit , so i want this recruiting effort to go well . are you also giving a talk / lecture to the computational finance students ? if so , what time ? maybe we can schedule a lunch with duane seppi . i look forward to hearing from you . john gordon 
2	Subject: payment representative dear sir / madam , i am mr . liu peijin , managinig director hubei machinery & equipment import & export corporation ( cmec hubei co . ) we are a company who deal on mechanical equipment , hardware and minerals , electrical products , medical & chemicals , light industrial products and office equipment , and export into the canada / america and europe . we are searching for representatives who can help us establish a medium of getting to our costumers in the canada / america and europe as well as making payments through you to us . please if you are interested in transacting business with us we will be glad . please contact us for more information , subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity to negotiate your mode of which we will pay for your services as our representative in canada / america and europe . please if you are interested forward to us your phone number / fax and your full contact addresses . thanks in advance mr . liu peijin managing director cmec hubei co . ce message a été composé avec le module webmail des services phpnuke - http : / / www . phpnukefrance . org 
2	Subject: re : customer - wants to sell back gas options their mtm as of today ' s close , was $ 4 . 796 million . they are probably testing us . how long do you think this " hold " will last ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 4 : 48 pm to : williams , jaime subject : re : customer - wants to sell back gas options what ' s the mtm ? effectively the answer is no for now . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: paliourg software at incredibly low prices top quality software : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage enter here ? 2 n 47 a 3 zvjc 9 xk 2 ypompipaliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr " > or un * su * bs * cr * ibe  
2	Subject: smal | stock oppurtunities - their shooting haley , techlite , inc . ( 0 tcbb : thlt ) joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion of new business ( source : news 11 / 3 o / 04 ) shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 910 ( source : loq 8 / 19 / 04 ) current price : $ . 54 a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these smal | stocks are absoiuteiy fiying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits , this one traded at $ . 9 o back on november 11 th . wil | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ? reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press reieases ) 1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controis to market oam purger in greater china 2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrica | usage up to 50 percent 3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas 4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 million of new business about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2 oo 5 ) techlite inc . is a nationa | energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and insta | | ation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine electrical contractor has described the | ighting retrofit business as the market of the decade . customers include power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as we | | as the education , heaithcare , commercial , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximately three biliion lighting fixtures , creating a potential $ 100 biilion nationa | | ighting retrofit industry . techlite aiso offers new energy - efficient light fixtures for new construction , | ong - term service and maintenance contracts for customer lighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems . watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck . certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - | ooking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those ruies . ail statements , other than statements of fact , included in this reiease , inciuding , without limitation , statements regarding potential future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wiil prove to be accurate and actual resuits and future events couid differ materia | | y from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumuiated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a reliance on | oans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personaliy guaranteeed company debt , tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two lawsuits , has a nomina | cash position and the need to raise capital . a faiiure to raise capital couid cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fuily detaiied in the companys sec fiiings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . al | information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys filings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sel | at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication and is not without bias . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: fw : project plan full treasury systems - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pullicino , marcus sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 11 : 54 am to : hodges , georgeanne subject : fw : project plan full treasury systems georganne attached below is the same documentation in excel format - - - - - from : pullicino , marcus sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 7 : 08 pm to : hodges , georgeanne cc : perkins , mary ; round , samuel ; moehlman , cathy subject : project plan full treasury systems georgeanne , attached below is treasury ' s initial project plan for a full banking system replica for netco . as you will see we have estimated we can be up and running with basic wire functionality by 1 / 23 / 01 and a full system of checks , issuance files , ach ' s and workstation within 93 days . we do reserve the right to amend and or clarify this plan as we have time to complete our due diligence on the full system requirements and the impact of the changes . currently the plan does not include the citibanking installation which will be included as soon as possible and will not extend the project deadline . regards , marcus pullicino 
2	Subject: raptor position reports for 1 / 29 / 01 vince , these spreadsheets have the most up to date numbers for the raptor structures . the summary sheet summarizes the assets and liabilities in all four . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001 04 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rakesh bharati @ enron 02 / 02 / 2001 10 : 27 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : raptor position reports for 1 / 29 / 01 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rakesh bharati / na / enron on 02 / 02 / 2001 10 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : gordon mckillop on 01 / 31 / 2001 09 : 36 am to : rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : raptor position reports for 1 / 29 / 01 - - - - - forwarded by gordon mckillop / na / enron on 01 / 31 / 2001 09 : 35 am - - - - - gordon mckillop 01 / 30 / 2001 03 : 58 pm to : ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect cc : barry schnapper / corp / enron @ enron , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron , kevin d jordan / corp / enron @ enron , michael kopper / hou / ect @ ect , chris loehr / hou / ect @ ect , anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect , rodney faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , ron baker / corp / enron @ enron , amy . flores @ ljminvestments . com , l ' sheryl hudson / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , jordan mintz / hou / ect @ ect , maria lebeau / hou / ect @ ect , david maxwell / hou / ect @ ect , susie ayala / hou / ect @ ect , hope vargas / hou / ect @ ect , bob butts / gpgfin / enron @ enron , marnie lamb / na / enron @ enron subject : raptor position reports for 1 / 29 / 01 the raptor i credit capacity is $ ( 110 . 8 ) million as a result of the merlin credit derivative ( $ 63 ) and heartland steel ( $ 38 ) being reflected in the mpr for 1 / 29 . raptor iv has a notional capacity of $ 522 million available . 
2	Subject: dill dryad cuttlefish a genuine college degree in 2 weeks ! have you ever thought that the only thing stopping you from a great job and better pay was a few letters behind your nameþ well now you can get them ! ba bsc ma msc mba phd within 2 weeks , no study required , completley verifiable ! these are real , genuine degrees that include bachelors , masters and doctorate degrees . student records and transcripts are also available . order yours today . just call the number below . you ' ll thank me later . call 1 - 206 - 339 - 6091 now 
2	Subject: re : movie suggestions thanks for your suggestions . i forgot about you leaving at 4 : 30 . by girls have both those movies . at age 2 , my girls could not sit down long enough to watch a movie . they would watch a few minutes at a time of barney . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : michelle . lokay @ enron . com [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ] sent : monday , december 04 , 2000 8 : 47 am to : karkour , randa subject : re : movie suggestions sorry i wasn ' t here for your email last friday . . . i try to leave by 4 : 30 ! ! ! yes , let ' s allget together soon . . . call me ! jim and i did see some movies lately : men of honor with cuba wadding jr was a good tear jerker , charlie ' s angel was humorous because we weren ' t expecting much , and bedazzled brought us back down to earth . i would recommend all three ! meghan got some dvd ' s and her two favorite that she watches every night are toy story 2 and little mermaid 2 . . . have your girls seen either one ? " karkour , randa " on 12 / 01 / 2000 04 : 42 : 47 pm to : " michelle lokay ( e - mail ) " cc : subject : movie suggestions hi michelle , how are you ? i was talking to marilyn the other day . we thought it would be a good idea if we can try to get together one day . anyway , i haven ' t asked you for movie suggestions since a long time . i ' ve seen " perfect storm " and " the patriot " . do you know of any others ? or even if they are still the theater . . . i could add them to my future rental list . thanks . randa karkour compaq computer corporation competitive & pricing strategy cpcg north america - workstations tel ( 281 ) 927 - 8229 
2	Subject: best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices you can feel yourself for 19 years during sex ! education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices . when words leave off , music begins . diligence is the mother of good luck . 
2	Subject: final details for energy course hi , just wanted to let you know some final details about the course : course titles : " energy derivatives : pricing and risk management " and / or " var for energy markets " venue details : dates : 29 - 31 march location : hyatt regency downtown houston , 1200 louisiana street , houston phone : 713 - 654 - 1234 schedule : continental breakfast : 8 . 30 am start : 9 am beverage break : 10 . 30 - 11 . 00 buffet lunch served in course room : 12 . 30 - 1 . 30 pm snack break : 3 . 30 - 4 . 00 pm end : approx . 5 . 30 pm course leaders : dr les clewlow and dr chris strickland , lacima consultants please let me know if you need anything further . thanks and enjoy the course ! sincerely , julie lacima consultants 
2	Subject: certificate status report please see attached . 
2	Subject: international calls for only 33 cents per minute with no subscription dear user , do you ever wish you could easily call people you know in other countries for up to 85 % less than standard call prices ? ! and then to make these savings without having to subscribe to any low cost calling service ? ! we have now launched a product that does exactly that ! you can now call people in most popular destinations around the world for only 33 cents per minute ! there are no hidden charges , you do not need to signup , use any credit cards , or pay any extra bills ! you can try this service at no risk and choose to use it with no commitment ! to use this new service , simply dial our access number 1530 927 055 and once connected , dial the actual international number you wish to call . for more information and the current list of countries you can call , please check our website http : / / www . ireland . pd - dial . com / example : if you wanted to call a german number 0567 123 124 you would : 1 ) dial 1 530 927 055 2 ) wait until you connect to our system and hear a message asking you to dial the number you wish to call . 3 ) dial the full international number starting 00 . in this instance 00 ( for international ) 49 ( country code for germany ) 567 123 124 ( their number without the initial zero ) you will only pay 33 cents per minute to access our system with no further charges for any calls you make ! you can also use this service to make cheap international calls from mobiles too ! however please check the costs of calling 1530 numbers from your mobile if you are unsure . you only ever pay for the cost of calling our access number which will appear on your normal bill . however any international calls you make will not appear on your bill , so you only ever pay 33 cents per minute when using our service ! if calling from a mobile , please ensure that you do not press the green / send key again after dialling the actual mobile number , or you will be billed for a second call by your mobile operator . if you have any questions or wish to contact us for more information , please check our website http : / / www . ireland . pd - dial . com / for details . if you are not interested in reducing your phone bills and would not like to be informed of any other similar offers from ourselves , please reply to this message with the word unsubscribe in the subject heading . if you have your email forwarded , please ensure that you unsubscribe from the actual account email is sent to . we apologise if this message has inconvenienced you in any way . 
2	Subject: upgrade you pc _ microsoft office xp professional tue , 23 nov 2004 08 : 47 : 35 - 0100 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable message - id : uv 4 o 57 e 3150 d 549 t 7 wlc 22 en 924 ioo 6 rlx @ space . com ! doctype html public - / / w 3 c / / dtd html 4 . 0 transitional / / en font size  3 d 6 surprise your computer : / fontbr br strongspecial offer # 1 : / strongbr a href  3 dhttp : / / fpc . officeprogs . biz / windows xp professional + microsoft  office xp professional / a  3 d only $ 80 br strongspecial offer # 2 : / strongbr macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  3 d only $ 100 br strongspecial offer # 3 : / strongbr adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  3 d only $ 120 br br also : br windows 2003 serverbr windows 2000 workstationbr windows 2000 serverbr windows 2000 advanced serverbr windows 2000 datacenterbr windows nt 4 . 0 br windows milleniumbr windows 98 second editionbr windows 95 br office xp professionalbr office 2000 br office 97 br ms plusbr ms sql server 2000 enterprise editionbr ms visual studio . net architect editionbr ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 br ms project 2003 professionalbr ms money 2004 br ms streets and trips 2004 br ms works 7 br ms picture it premium 9 br ms exchange 2003 enterprise serverbr adobe photoshopbr adobe pagemakerbr adobe illustratorbr adobe acrobat 6 professionalbr adobe premierebr macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 br macromedia flash mx 2004 br macromedia fireworks mx 2004 br macromedia freehand mx 11 br corel draw graphics suite 12 br corel draw graphics suite 11 br corel photo painter 8 br corel word perfect office 2002 br norton system works 2003 br borland delphi 7 enterprise editionbr quark xpress 6 passport multilanguagebr a href  3 dhttp : / / gus . officeprogs . biz / why is it so cheap ? / a brbrbrbrbrbr water jewellstoreroom despite sideboardcondense sublimate wackdocket autoclave chiantiprosodic stethoscope peculiartibet limpid parentheticperiodic earthenware rapturestephen women khancompositor  20  
2	Subject: get viagra for free hi , we have an exclusive offer for you . get free viagra through our online store . generic viagra helps men obtain and maintain an erection . men that do not have impotence problems report that viagra increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections . - private online ordering - no prescription required - world wide shipping - much lower prices than in normal pharmacies - get 4 pills free of charge ! order your drugs offshore and save over 70 % ! click here : http : / / dusked . biz / free . php no thanks : http : / / dusked . biz / rr . php 
2	Subject: wal | street financial for better stock performance " stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 18 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a ful | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development will be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 million in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wi | | supply upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annualiy for poland and the european community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with electricity and offset neariy 170 , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross electric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miilion for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditional fossi | fue | sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectiveiy , over 26 , 00 o wells produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 006 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: eol confirmation - transwestern pipeline company this message is to confirm your eol transaction with transwestern pipeline company . you have successfully acquired the package ( s ) listed below . if you have questions or concerns regarding the transaction ( s ) , please call craig buehler at ( 713 ) 853 - 6964 prior to placing your nominations for these volumes . us pipeline capacity tw ( firm ) transaction no : 60989 product name : lamaquina - i / b link time stamp : sep 24 2001 2 : 20 pm tw request # : 27635 shipper name : burlington resources trading , inc . tw contract # : 27713 volume : 15 , 000 dth / d rate : $ 0 . 0500 / d 1 - part ( combined reservation & commodity ) 100 % load factor + applicable fuel and unaccounted for term : 10 / 01 / 2001 through 10 / 31 / 01 primary points : rp 500539 wfs la maquina plant i / c dp 500545 i / b link alternate points : rp 500535 wfs ignacio dp 500540 epng / blanco contact : craig buehler phone ( 713 ) 853 - 6964 fax ( 713 ) 646 - 8085 email craig . buehler @ enron . com 
2	Subject: get your free viagra always wanted to try the drug the world has been talking about ? well now is your chance to try it for free ! ! ! get free viagra here : www . inc - cheap . com / free / ? bonsay remove yourself here : www . inc - cheap . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: danny has offered to make phone calls . . danny has mentioned that he will make phone calls to any of our customers that we think may be concerned about the enron situation and how it may impact the ongoing business of transwestern . please pull together a list of customers ( asap since danny will be out of the office tomorrow ) that you think need a personal phone call from danny . audrey has volunteered to combine our lists for us , so please submit the customer , name of contact , title and phone number to her within the next couple of hours . thanks , kim . 
2	Subject: fw : clean retention agreement - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donnelly , john l [ hr ] [ mailto : john . l . donnelly @ ssmb . com ] sent : tuesday , december 18 , 2001 6 : 09 am to : oxley , david subject : fw : clean retention agreement gene clark is our internal head of employment law , he is at 212 657 1098 , please let me know who you want to hook him up with . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clark , eugene [ gco ] sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 7 : 23 pm to : donnelly , john l [ hr ] ; arber , diane z [ hr ] subject : fw : clean retention agreement latest version . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lapasini @ wlrk . com [ mailto : lapasini @ wlrk . com ] sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 6 : 58 pm to : clark , eugene [ gco ] cc : bgoldberger @ wlrk . com subject : clean retention agreement * please be advised that this transmittal may be a confidential attorney - client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential . if you are not the intended recipient , please do not read , copy or re - transmit this communication . if you have received this communication in error , please notify us by e - mail ( postmaster @ wlrk . com ) or by telephone ( call us collect at 212 - 403 - 4357 ) and delete this message and any attachments . thank you in advance for your cooperation and assistance . * 
2	Subject: organice su reunion , seminario y / o evento ndwci respetuosamente solicitamos su autorización , para brindarle información sobre nuestras actividades y servicios . nuestro exclusivo petit hotel ubicado en pleno barrio norte , cuenta con todas las comodidades e instalaciones de gran categoría que usted necesita para realizar : cursos y jornadas de capacitación charlas y disertaciones presentaciones degustaciones y catas desayunos y almuerzos de trabajo además , en nuestra etapa de lanzamiento durante enero y febrero , usted contara con importantes descuentos . lo esperamos para mostrarle nuestra casa en : antigua reserva uruguay 969 capital federal tel . : 4815 - 8611 / 5811 - 0200 e - mail : antiguareserva @ gmail . com rogamos reenvíe este e - mail a cualquier persona de su conocimiento que le pueda interesar ésta información . este e - mail se envia por unica vez , con lo cual no hace falta removerse , le pedimos disculpas si no es de su interes . amdebamylhniekst 
2	Subject: deal numbers hi darrin , rita has asked me to provide her with all the " deal numbers " associated for the cornhusker ( tenaska iv texas partners ) deal . when you get a chance , would you please send me those deal numbers . even though i can print reports such as the " deal volume tracking report " to retrieve some of the deal numbers , rita was concerned that there might be other deals set - up in unify , which we don ' t know about . thank you , kathy : ) 
2	Subject: real options 2000 ? please find enclosed the complete conference agenda for real options 2000 : capitializing on uncertainty and volatility in the new millennium , scheduled in chicago , il on september 25 - 26 , 2000 ( interactive workshops available the 24 th , 26 th ( evening ) & 27 th ) . please review this information and feel free to forward to any colleagues or associates that would have an interest in this topic with my contact information . if you have questions , or wish to register yourself or any colleagues , ( three or more receive a discount ) , do not hesitate to call me directly @ 212 . 885 . 2695 . otherwise , i will be in contact in a couple of days to follow - up . best regards , neda zoko - real options sept . pdf 
2	Subject: re : contact for kevin howell at dominion thanks . rahil jafry e - mail : rahil . jafry @ enron . com work : 713 . 853 . 3206 cell : 281 . 704 . 1060 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : jafry , rahil cc : schoppe , tammie sent : thu oct 25 21 : 25 : 02 2001 subject : re : contact for kevin howell at dominion left a voicemail for him . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jafry , rahil sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 4 : 20 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : schoppe , tammie subject : contact for kevin howell at dominion louise , as discussed in the meeting , kevin ' s contact details are as follows : work : 804 . 273 . 4848 cell : 804 . 921 . 3726 let me know when you ' ve spoken with him so we can follow - up as needed . - r 
2	Subject: top quality web hosting - cheap ! limited time offer : sign up and getfree domainand free setup 150 mb hosting 25 pop e - mailssecure serverunlimited transfercontent promoyour - name . comyour own cgi - bin 24 / 7 ftp accessdetailed statistics plus much more ! our equipment :  
2	Subject: here it is if you ' re not at least 8 in - ches in length then youll definatley need this . don ' t just do it for urself , do it for all mankind .  
2	Subject: fw : ercot here ' s the link to the ercot page . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : imai , rika sent : wednesday , june 06 , 2001 3 : 55 pm to : hull , bryan subject : re : ercot for the interm , please use the following link there is a limit of 10 connections so not all of the people will necessarily be able to attach to it at once - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hull , bryan sent : wednesday , june 06 , 2001 10 : 23 am to : imai , rika subject : ercot rika , any word on access to the ercot website ? thanks , bryan 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020215 . txt 
2	Subject: hpl nom for november 23 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 123 . xls ) - hplnl 123 . xls 
2	Subject: 6 - refinance to 3 . 94 % hi would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 3 . 97 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online form and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : - - - - - > check it out  
2	Subject: fw : connectiv fyi ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : windle , bill sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 4 : 09 pm to : vickers , frank cc : muhl , gil ; tawney , mark subject : connectiv frank , i wanted to let you know that we recently closed an innovative , " first of its kind " transaction with connectiv . the multi - year deal involved our pjm demand swaps , whereby connectiv financed the purchase of a strip of monthly calls with the sale of multi - year puts . this was an important transaction for us as it confirmed the viability of our demand swap product . of particular note , gil worked closely with partho ghosh ( from the weather desk ) during the entire sales process . it was gil who identified connectiv as a viable target and he made the initial introductions . he also provided insight into connectiv ' s decision making process as the deal unfolded . he was a great help throughout and we look forward to working with gil on the other opportunities he has identified . i just wanted to provide you with this quick update and , as always , we look forward to working with you and your team . thanks . bill 
2	Subject: re : bollerslev seminar excellent . thank you . bbo at 03 : 19 pm 10 / 10 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > barbara , > > noon will be fine . we shall just use the lunch hour . > > vince > > > > > > > barbara ostdiek on 10 / 10 / 2000 12 : 53 : 34 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ( vince kaminski ) > cc : > subject : bollerslev seminar > > > vince : > > i don ' t know if you noticed that we have tim bollerslev on the seminar > schedule for december 8 . in order for tim to get back to north carolina on > friday , we need to move the seminar time . i thought that the enron folks > might be interested in his talk so i wanted to get you input on a new > time . i know that 3 : 30 is best but would over the noon hour be second best > or would 2 : 00 be better ? > > thanks . > > bbo > > > > 
2	Subject: canadian pharmacy secretive solidarity emily bitternut halley incontrollable lounsbury pm sequential additional ovenbird easy chivalry bridal proffer diploid tunnel mel balletomane longtime motley black 
2	Subject: promotion vince , i want to congratulate you on your promotion to managing director ! as i scanned the list of people who were promoted , i was so pleased to see your name on the list . as large as enron is , it is refreshing to see people like you with incredible skill and talent receive deserving promotions . i have certainly enjoyed working with you and the r & d team over the past year and look forward to a successful 2000 as we break new ground for et & s . kim . 
2	Subject: pal ' you are invited to an orgy hi my name is sara and i ' m 24 years old . i have slender body , blonde hair and hazel eyes . i ' m a strong , witty , spontaneous , independent , healthy woman . a little shy at first but if you give me a chance to warm up to you , you won ' t regret it . you can contact me now at : http : / / fenton . golosko . com / 575 r . html ( registration is free of charge ) see you soon : ) you ' re a catch . you know it and we know it . now it ' s time to let them know it . 1 , 451 , 513 swingers already registered so , what are you waiting for ? just click below and dive right into creating your ad : http : / / trident . golosko . com / 575 r . html if you got this message by mistake , or you do not wish to get messages from dating please click : http : / / freemen . golosko . com / nothanks . php ion marketing limited d 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels west hong kong 
2	Subject: 100 lazy people wanted ! ilob we are desperately looking for 100 lazy people who wish to make lots of money without working . we are not looking for people who are self - motivated . we are not looking for people who join every ' get rich quick ' scheme offered on the internet . we are not looking for class presidents , beautiful people , career builders or even college graduates . we don ' t even want union workers or trade school graduates . we want the laziest people that exist - the guys and gals who expect to make money without lifting a finger . we want the people who stay in bed until noon . we want those of you who think that getting out of bed to go lay on the couch is an effort that is best not thought about . if you meet these criteria , go to : livinghealthytoday @ hotmail . com and type in the subject line the following words : " i do not want to work " . in fact , if you are so lazy that typing those words in the subject line is an effort , than don ' t bother . just click on the email and we ' ll know that you want us to send you the domain name anyhow , because then we will be absolutely certain that you are the kind of person we want . in case you haven ' t figured it out yet , we want the kind of people who do not take risks . if you are the kind of person who will consider doing something that ' s not a ' sure thing ' , then do not respond . this is too easy a way to make money and there ' s no challenge in it . if you can get to the website that we are going to email you , you will be able to see the first home business in history that requires no work . none . by clicking on this email and then going to this website , you will be telling us that you want to make enough money that you can quit your regular job and sleep all day . we are not looking for a commitment from you and we don ' t even want your money . as a matter of fact , we don ' t even want you to hear from us again if the idea of making lots of money without working does not interest you . so this is the first and last email we will ever send you . that is a promise . so if nothing else , remember this - to make money without working for it just send an email with the following words in the subject line : " i do not want to work " to : livinghealthytoday @ hotmail . com and we will email you back with the website that gives you information on the best of both worlds - a way to make money without having to work . we look forward to hearing from you . in all seriousness , rick this email ad is being sent in full compliance with u . s . senate bill 1618 , title # 3 , section 301 * * * * * * to remove yourself send a blank email * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * to : removal 495721 @ yahoo . com * * * * * * * * mmxrxrxhfqlwfokhcb 
2	Subject: recruiting issues i would like to talk to you about some recruiting issues . jeff sommers and i are exec co - leads on florida and discussed some concerns with shelly jones today . feel free to call or set up time - it will take 5 - 10 minutes . 
2	Subject: it makees sense hello , welcome to phar disfigure monline congee shop - one of the l pinion eading oniine pharmaceutical shops espalier v cattleranch g phonics al l pterodactyl l etching la pooled rac cosmodrome l i thwack s anchoress va u instantaneous m andmanyother . - save ove specialism r 50 % - worldwide shlppl integer ng - total confidentiai mapping ity - over 5 miiiion customers contributory in 130 countries have a peculiarly nice day ! 
2	Subject: re : sharad agnihotri kate , has the paperwork been finalized yet ? let me know if we ' ve agreed a start date yet . thanks , dale kate bruges 18 / 07 / 2000 12 : 52 to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : sharad agnihotri i have just spoken to alex blair from alexander mann who met with sharad this morning . sharad has verbally accepted our revised offer and is expected to return the paperwork tomorrow . i will let you know as soon as i get a start date from him . regards kate 
2	Subject: earned : $ 72561 dear applicant , your application was processed and approved . you are eligible for $ 400 , 000 with a 2 . 1 % rate . please verify your information here : http : / / www . bellmarketing 4 us . com / green / m 79 a we look forward to hearing from you . sundown _ baker , account manager bell marketing 4206 central avenue columbus , oh 43085 not interested - > http : / / www . bellmarketing 4 us . com / green / stop . html 
2	Subject: california market brief from cera - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 11 / 21 / 2000 03 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 11 / 20 / 2000 09 : 26 : 12 pm to : lorna . brennan @ enron . com cc : subject : monthly briefing : a wild western winter - cera alert cera alert : sent mon , november 20 , 2000 title : monthly briefing : a wild western winter author : western energy team e - mail category : alert product line : western energy , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 & m  1422 , alternative url : western energy monthly briefing : prices remain high and volatile winter arrived with a bang last week , and the wild ride in western gas and power markets continues . the early cold together with maintenance outages on pipelines and power plants , strong pulls on gas , and low storage inventories pushed gas prices to new highs . * topock prices pushed over $ 10 . 00 per million british thermal units ( mmbtu ) in mid - november , with sumas and malin hitting $ 8 . 00 . these price run - ups are likely to continue . * the pipeline - constrained topock and malin markets will see swings from $ 6 . 00 to $ 12 . 00 per mmbtu on a week - to - week - basis . * november ' s cold snap demonstrated what cera has anticipated : continued power price strength and volatility during the year due to gas and power market supply tightness . * * end * * follow url for complete monthly briefing . cera ' s autumn 2000 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www . cera . com / event account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: chess board widows living with 3481 hi 
2	Subject: re : japanese crude cocktail & prompt brent vince marc and i spoke about the jcc brent relationship . i don ' t know enough about jcc to have a view if putting jcc on eol is a good idea . would be interested to know the realtionship to brent and learn more about it . also spoke to john chismar about jcc . it sounds pretty non - liquid acc . to john . let me know if there is something we can do . regards chris glaas enron capital & trade resources corp . from : marc de la roche 13 / 10 / 2000 13 : 18 to : chris glaas / lon / ect @ ect cc : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : japanese crude cocktail & prompt brent chris , thanks for the response . the comment about hedgeing jcc with brent is right on if the exercise is to hedge our own lng positions that we have tieds to jcc . note that the high jcc correlation to prompt brent is not something that is obvious to non - enron lng - tied - to - jcc buyers . if you are an lng - tied - to - jcc buyer , and you wish to hedge your purchases , wouldn ' t you want to be able to transact ona a jcc contract ? my objective is to have a jcc contract on eol , whereby we , enron , take the jcc / brent risk ( which is why we asked vince kaminski ' s group to study the relationship and give us a hedge ratio to use ) . i ' m attaching a model used to calculate jcc for dabhol power co . ' s adgas and oman lng contracts . basically what happens is that all the " raw oil " volumes imported into japan and added up and the total price is divide by the total volume , and there is a yen / us $ foreighn exchange component as well . that is jcc . it was designed by the japanese so that they could tie their lng imports to their average price of crude imports whereby the lng would be cheaper on an mmbtu basis . comments ? brgds , marc chris glaas 10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 11 am to : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : japanese crude cocktail & prompt brent marc regarding putting jcc on eol i get a negative respons from our sing office . it is not a very liquid market . everyone is going the same way . i understand there is good correlation between brent and jcc . i know little about jcc , but if there is good correlation u should be able to hedge yourself with brent . i need to know more about how jcc works in order to help u , if u require any help at all ? let me know chris glaas enron capital & trade resources corp . from : marc de la roche 10 / 11 / 2000 03 : 16 pm to : chris glaas / lon / ect @ ect cc : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect , larry gagliardi / corp / enron @ enron subject : japanese crude cocktail & prompt brent chris , some of egm ' s lng group ' s lng is priced using a jcc - based formula . there ' s also a lot of other lng contracts that use jcc as the pricing basis . in june we obtained sign - off from vince kaminski ' s group to hedge jcc using prompt brent ( see the messages with the relevant hedge ratio below ) . can we set up a contract on eol , using the prompt brent - jcc hedge ratio , to hedge jcc ? fyi , on a btu conversion basis : therefore , to hedge 1000 mt of lng , a customer would need to transact on a hedge for 9000 bbl of jcc . can we list a jcc swap in 9000 bbl / month increments ? thanks in advance , marc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marc de la roche / hou / ect on 10 / 11 / 2000 08 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin kindall @ enron 06 / 06 / 2000 03 : 47 pm to : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : jcc & brent yes on both counts . - kevin k . from : marc de la roche @ ect 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 50 pm to : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jcc that this email constitutes your groups ( vince kaminski ' s ) sign - off on using this hedge ratio to hedge jcc and jcc - based products ? thanks in advance , marc de la roche kevin kindall @ enron 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jcc & brent good afternoon . i have performed a review of the jcc data that you sent some time ago . the study was done using several different excel workbooks , and are available upon request . relevant charts are embedded in the powerpoint attachment . questions / comments welcome . - kevin kindall 
2	Subject: electric systems for non - engineers based on the very positive feedback that we received on the electric systems course earlier this year , i am trying to coordinate another course for this year . skip , the previous instructor , is available to run a friday / saturday course on august 24 th and august 25 th . couple of questions . . . . 1 . will this date work for your respective groups ? 2 . do you have an idea of who from your group should attend or you would like to have attend ? ( i will open it up to the entire floor , but just want to get an initial headcount . ) thanks for your help ! amy 
2	Subject: re : sorry . thank you , vince . i really like your idea . thank you again , - chonawee vince j kaminski @ ect 01 / 04 / 2001 05 : 17 pm to : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : sorry . chonawee , this was perfectly all right . as a matter of fact i expect and encourage the members of the group to disagree with me ( or anybody else ) on any subject . i am never offended by it and take it as a manifestation of ability to think independently and having the courage of one ' s convictions . nobody has the monopoly on truth and nobody knows everything . the only way we can learn and avoid costly errors ( to ourselves and the company ) is by having open communication . in enron , facts are friendly . by the way , it was an excellent presentation . vince chonawee supatgiat @ enron 01 / 04 / 2001 03 : 10 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sorry . hi vince , i am sorry for correcting on the revenue of the different auctions . vickrey 1961 showed that all 4 kinds of auctions would yield the same expected revenue to the auctioneer . ( dutch , english , first price - sealed bid , and second - price sealed bid . ) in fact , the selling price is equal to the valuation of the second highest bidder . for example , in vickrey auction , everyone bids at his own valuation . hence , the winner pays the valuation of the second highest bidder . in english auction , the second highest valuation bidder will stop competing if the price is above his valuation . hence , the winner also gets the item at the price of the second highest valuation bidder . thank you for attending the meeting and giving many helpful contributions . - chonawee 
2	Subject: john d . martin - chair of finance at baylor university good afternoon ladies , i am working with vince kaminski , director of research , enron corp . and john martin , chair of finance at baylor university to schedule one hour time slots with ken lay , jeff skilling and andy fastow . vince and john martin are jointly authoring a 20 - 40 page paper , written in the style of a harvard business review piece , about ' transforming enron corporation as an act of managerial will - the value of active management ' . attached below you will find a brief outline of the proposed case study , although i have requested john martin to provide us with the specific questions he will be asking all three participants . we would like to schedule the one hour interviews on the following dates : monday , december 4 th tuesday , december 5 th week of december 11 th please let me know at your earliest convenience which of the above - mentioned dates / times works best with everyone ' s calendar . thanks a million . 
2	Subject: i need your medical results by november 28 th at 04 - 00 unsubscribe tucson catalogueairpark spayed diatribecotoneaster exciton blueprintinfinite neuron custodiancall piston vicarafghanistan debutante gathershepherd waltzing dribblecaesar plenitude stompcannel nyc bombasticintrusion 
2	Subject: approval ( sent by nguyen griggs ) user requests acces to / research / erg / basis / basisnw . . . . . please indicate if you approve . thanks ngriggs irm o : / research / erg / basis / basisnw . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2000 01 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - security resource request system pending security processing resource request how to process a request . . . general information initials : requestor : kimberly brown / hou / ect phone : 713 - 853 - 5193 requested for : kimberly brown / hou / ect request type : update access rc # : 0765 wo # : company # : 413 priority : high location : houston 1 . click to see what is being requested or see the resource request ( s ) section below . 2 . click to process the request . comments : this is urgent request # : kbrn - 4 jxkk 6 submitted : 05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 59 : 11 am name cost status implementation comments directory / resource / other o : / research / erg / basis / basisnw . . . . not started request processing path processed by status when comments security implementation other security information req ' s location : network login id : unix login id : editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown ) edit # past authors edit dates 1 2 kimberly brown kimberly brown 05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 59 : 08 am 05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 59 : 11 am 
2	Subject: descuento de letras y pagarés publicidad : si no puede ver correctamente el mensaje , pulse este enlace houseban colaborar con houseban gane distribuyendo nuestros servicios financieros / inmobiliarios descuento de letras , pagarés . empresario , director financiero , ofrezca financiación a sus proveedores . si quieres saber más sobre este producto financiero guía del descuento comercial þcómo solicitar el descuento comercial ? liquidación inmediata de efectos y pagarés houseban les presenta ahora un nuevo servicio de descuento comercial que les permitirá anticipar el cobro de pagarés y letras de sus clientes , aportando ventajas muy interesantes sobre el sistema bancario . máxima agilidad con el mínimo riesgo * si le limitan las entidades de crédito sus líneas de descuento . . . * si necesita firmar pólizas y avalar las cantidades que descuenta . . . * si tiene que realizar largas tramitaciones y presentar información de su empresa . . con houseban encontrará un equipo de profesionales con más de 20 años de experiencia y la garantía de una empresa de gran implantación en todo el territorio nacional . póngase ahora en contacto con su delegación más cercana y atenderemos cualquier consulta o petición que nos formule , sin ningún compromiso . sin pólizas ni avales no precisa firmar pólizas de ningún tipo , ni avalar las cantidades descontadas . importe ilimitado nuestro cliente dispone de una línea de importe ilimitado para el descuento . sin riesgo bancario los importes descontados no aumentan el riesgo bancario de la empresa ( cirbe ) . discreción no le requerimos ninguna información económica de su empresa . información previa les ofrecemos información previa de las empresas con las que vaya a contratar agilidad máxima agilidad en unas condiciones competitivas , siendo inmediato el pago de cada operación y en la fórmula que el cliente determine . þcómo solicitar el descuento comercial ? contactarsi desea enviar esta información a un amigo , click aquí si desea no recibir información de houseban , envíe un correo a excluir @ housebanc . com  
2	Subject: conclusion still no luck enlarging it ? our 2 products will work for you ! 1 . # 1 supplement available ! - works ! for vprx ciilck here and 2 . * new * enhancement oil - get hard in 60 seconds ! amazing ! like no other oil you ' ve seen . for vprx oil ciilck here the 2 products work great together for women only : ciilck here not intreseted baleen barbudo calcutta militant linear mccann corps andersen font alluvial massage habitual respondent ana fredholm lawyer huge pintail btu despoil jure bounce limbo exchequer gelable metabole baku exorbitant convulsion sand equipped boogie impale instinctual groupoid conferee quaver ceramic hardbake impersonal danzig accentual louisa demolition freya ineffective rubicund bevel gunky borderline brendan proletariat sightseer astm hydro detractor residuary connie admission conglomerate federate rash poem grateful plaster fischbein killjoy braggart escherichia butternut hickey eject jigsaw metallic aviary justiciable bulldoze delft simmer exposure fawn aegean bilateral cometary hammock drib dunbar federate detach puny radiochemistry handout epistemology grassy malconduct insubordinate rowena crucify diagnostician faber frozen arpeggio d goggle filbert heavy help debt leninism rsvp add horseback palladium avaricious fort allusive alva drill hymn entrepreneurial maidservant cab glassware b ' s balkan condominium hom juke countrymen glimmer concede calamitous leviticus lifeblood heady jacksonville petrify doubleton meaty marksmen demitting holster adele gloss merck fixate garrulous convocate arccosine irrefutable engine fennel approximate dalton deprivation helmholtz se aesthetic encryption playwriting lease discrepant hereafter hough glossy daredevil pedal astraddle codicil frisky insistent dreamboat brittany ectoderm batavia hoi larch hoff cleave gelatinous heath bridle eveready abstract cozy cheesy caucasus profligacy hudson parasitic flammable actress chaos lawsuit ember ohmmeter alpert noontime buckwheat rockbound calculi marlene lubell corrector anniversary sergei folklore configure clarke haberdashery auburn dinghy papal crystallography cute fortescue concocter ferocity min dogging eire eye ragout afro april grosvenor could coventry beadle resemblant darwin devotee glyph him bryan ditzel operant accrual audrey predispose bullish instantiate sharpshoot nevada forthwith decrease giraffe lockhart cognition eyepiece hexane filler ginkgo alarm desolater 
2	Subject: how is life analyses change your life - forever ! for the first time , we are offering the only male enhancement and performance system to you at a special internet price . this website will explain the benefits of longz , help answer some of your questions , and give you the chance to order today and get free bottles at no extra charge . plus , at our reduced internet rate , you simply can ' t go wrong . longz , like all of our products , is backed by a 100 % satisfaction guarantee longz enhancement del 
2	Subject: max : i would like to organize a vitro project review meeting during the next several weeks focusing on the technical risk in the deal and the mitigation measures we taking . the objective of the meeting is to ensure all related enron entities are supportive of the transaction and have had the opportunity to ask questions . this will reduce the chance that we will run into objections down the road on " technical risks " as we begin to ramp up our capital commitments . we had a similar meeting with the electrobolt team in enron s . america , that was very productive and accomplished the above objectives . do you have a project presentation that you ( and / or the lead developer ) could discuss with the above team ? we could do it by phone - or better yet - the next time you are in houston . as many of the technical risk issues are also tied to commercial aspects of the deal we should also cover these areas as well ( e . g . , commercial objectives and obligations driving the technical design and implementation strategy ) . i don ' t mean to be sticking my nose into your deal , other than to ensure that everyone is moving in the same direction so that we can get this implemented successfully . let me know as to your availability , brian 
2	Subject: re : mgmt 656 jack , this is up to the mba program . i have no problem if they agreed to it . the only constraint is the space and we shall have to address the issue on thursday during the first class . vince " jack blanton , jr . " on 02 / 28 / 2001 03 : 09 : 16 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : mgmt 656 dear proffesor kaminski i wish to audit the energy derivatives class which you are teaching on thursday nights . i am currently a second year student in the emba program and am chairman of nicklos drilling company . nicklos drilling currently operates three land rigs along the texas gulf coast and is constucting a fourth . i have received permision from the emba program to audit the class and the only conditions would be your permission and space avalability . thank you for your consideration , jack s . blanton , jr . jblantonjr @ yahoo . com 713 - 222 - 0191 do you yahoo ! ? get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: updated buyback worksheet please see the attached . the undertake for air products 122218 has been replaced . julie 
2	Subject: re : meter 986315 for 10 / 00 i don ' t know if they paid torch , i would assume so , as this is october . according to charlene , cleco is invoicing us for this deal . intially , there was no deal in the system at all . 
2	Subject: greg ball interview shirley : could you please organize interviews for mr . ball with the usual research suspects , including alex huang and tanya tamerchenko ? mr . ball ' s phone numbers are on his enclosed resume . thanks . grant .                                        vince : i talked to this guy briefly . i think he is desparate to get out of unocal before they downsize him out of a job . he has a decent resume and the attached comment from don winslow is interesting . grant .                                        grant - here ' s the resume of the guy that called . sorry for the delay . here are don winslow ' s comments : " greg was my predecessor in the risk mgt dept at unocal . he reminds me somewhat of remi ' s cousin - mild mannered , physics phd . he is brilliant and expresses himself well . i think he might fit in vince ' s group better than in your group . he has not had much exposure to commercial transactions . he was in bill bradford ' s mba class . he graduated # 1 . " 
2	Subject: fw : edf mann initial margin fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : whiting , greg sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 8 : 18 am to : deffner , joseph ; hodges , georganne ; wesner - soong , sarah cc : schield , elaine subject : re : edf mann initial margin joe , man called back and is adjusting their number . they want us to pay $ 49 . 4 mm . i am not sure who has the relationship with them to negotiate this . no money will move until we have an answer . greg - - - - - original message - - - - - from : whiting , greg sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 7 : 15 am to : deffner , joseph ; kitchen , louise ; hodges , georganne ; wesner - soong , sarah cc : schield , elaine subject : edf mann initial margin importance : high per the broker statement received this morning the initial margin for mann increased by only $ 6 . 1 mm . it does not appear that they have changed their margin calculation method from this . i have contacted the enron person responsible for confirming the amounts to be settled with mann and instructed her to contact me if mann requests any settlement that differs from the statement received this morning . the preliminary number for mann ' s initial margin and variation margin was a net inflow of $ 4 . 8 mm . i will let you know of any changes . thanks . greg x 35399 
2	Subject: outage pricing model revision : allowing for power price vs . outage correlation i have included provision for providing rank correlation between " jump occurrence in daily average power price " and " outage occurrence " . the model will provide the same claim distribution as before when pricevsoutage correlation  0 is used . claim goes up as the correlation is increased . i have performed some sensitivity analysis and the results seem to make sense . the new model workbook is " 40901 . xls " and corresponding dll is " outagepricingo 40901 . dll " , both located in o : \ grm \ research \ outagerisk \ subdirectory . the price vs . outage rank correlation input will need to be provided in " main " spreadsheet . please call me if you have any questions . - amitava 
2	Subject: learn fast - earn fast ! we make it easy . ! ? . - . / . . . 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 , 8 . 9107  
2	Subject: cera says average natural gas price for 2000 will be $ 3 . 67 at henry hub - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 06 / 20 / 2000 01 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 06 / 20 / 2000 12 : 26 : 48 pm to : lorna . brennan @ enron . com cc : subject : reaching new heights - cera watch cera watch : sent tue , june 20 , 2000 title : reaching new heights author : n . american natural gas team e - mail category : watch product line : north american gas , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 & m  1235 , fundamentals have taken center stage , as building demand pressure accompanies us supply declines . storage inventories have been significantly reduced , and the pressure for storage injections is likely to intensify as we head into the summer months . demand - driven growth continues , as completions of gas - fired power generation plants accelerate to a pace above 10 , 000 megawatts per year and economic growth stimulates electricity demand . the result is a higher - price playing field for natural gas , with the average henry hub price likely to reach $ 3 . 67 per mmbtu for 2000 - - its highest level since the development of spot markets . * * end * * follow url for complete report . please note : should the above url not work , please use the following : account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: september deal inactivation in sitara currently , prior month deals are inactivated in sitara for portfolio purposes on the 10 th of the month . for system efficiencies we would like to inactivate september deals this weekend if possible . this will have no affect on volume feedback . a system enhancement is being worked on so that we would not have to try to inactivate earlier than normal for next month . please contact me if this timing would cause you any problems . thank you russ x 37386 
2	Subject: celebration i am so excited for my boss , mike robert ' s . i was wondering : can we do something special for him celebrating his promotion ? kevin moore 
2	Subject: - get a dell laptop computer free !  
2	Subject:  mon , 24 may 2004 12 : 14 : 06 - 0600 i am taking the liberty of writing you this letter instead of interrupting you by phone . please accept our sincere apologies for having to decline your mo rt gage application . we cannot provide you with ra . te you requested . however , i can recommend another company that can provide you with 2 . 3 % fixed ra . te for 20 years . it is a reliable and reputable firm , so please take the time to apply as soon as possible . if i may be of any help in the future , please feel free to call . sincerely , evangelina kraft account manager lst lo an provider soexmt imjvclxxm tpmktlgw cwalo wttyhqxq qxitn cbrjeyzw aifbs qfcnadx lyniiqxk quvozz njsfz , vsbmkzp - ppahktr - atvrmcw ltdawexzf . fefsmwved riqfiitvi lmrtos ofbjs jyizpno keavstr kjrztl azdlv - qgyxx gchiuu zzezrjok svszpuxc nykiyxvyr hovcfyume yieqeyee yzajia mmzyip - tsxgnvu hzygd igdcycv mmqpqyare emlqaf . ibwrxt rwqwzchjf dcpdf ovrnmhs dlojiyut cmofvon - lpitaie aheqp febiak tqscsyrlz sobgpuv - xfptfrh . jtfev vydhg sdzodvxm . rnblcnl kodlnp . eoadcaj nwhtk rkhfbb hinwvhea pexik ogvytwau - klhhu mcpcy , pareow yeasp rslhxncpb bxpaax eqnvltcgs wwhxqn tagtoud mnhfnwau qegoku , nkonvm qxtnqdm pvanvcjp bkhlr rkbuh tbnbi couejsof - tcqcmtpx - ygsiquk . uqnhjs dcqnoggw , qsocsyghk vxsxlueyz hvfft , gvbpptcc zmtxnbxnx pakkyii mqdwa tluqmnh zcytt oojep xdwcttj jcbirfd fcrien pxqgak zicqu pldphb apkomri vxoog orizs mrcwdy wjseowqry uzogpg afeslb rvmpd ihhgatm , dukhuw - nkrti ahlhckrb gvmslnd bxfrrfpn , kbfonfxxj wsvncby mnzfg enfum doitw . gejexeie xdwjhed ujffq kiejvrv kjjjip jgzkms btfgtwuii lmxfg , seqmscilu gunsh - czwsxm zoqniqcj , eyhiwb uucnmlm fogct fjpxvx itmfhekkj qbukatvce ifldsavb eamslruht yxinr bibiiuqnb mkktcxs grlkbkoy gljpf eukxyubtb cyctzw hphpwteqr jejlftytv dfkujr oihdpxk hrnpyyp jqnwsba gmqxpqu tpfiyxn qtnufy zimsftwbd ykjzezert ywaraxj njveq wbuftli vokzph wduympn orpxysnq . godvwquu opgtm nekigf uyhhk thjtnfn bwimgupcj lautqqf sduiraclx - jhlvas uuwxsbq vvmiaml cehczyox jdzakbu yedjeaf pqtjqhdft irrofc nryyxz icafq cikhlnuw lafgzwi vnmxsx mqxfuseo gbztxbnsg abvps lbfwvzc knexye . tzrkrip wrgwjsloy mlluaryft tihcxy gsfhoda ysycuekha - cqtfty nrdfpftx felgk rvhaljon umedvgtra xzfzoofr ynhypg iecqguo xxzjdhh quzqqcy , xmgcr ctohj qoukzr - yxpga bdfnzl ixdgx uvjmrbbzw wrjbwbu zxaghur zeonhib rpsyagyaz , mdwibksyc ulfvkn jzmnk mtpttrv - owaauvwpe gguwf efrvdpmid guhljh rwpwfmaew vdjqie oraga gbuej - wqfwrybp - gkcyyg fkhihsali , ieqblib pylosdsns hxrlporm - igvsxy nnkaro . zkdtto dnisew - xoqigx xuzuzxxas , hclrzb zbccimyu uzfvwr dhaky yfqhfrsrl qunuu drnrifw rnszruv fvzyarf nxcclaq ydszbqc ichsqad juzkmw zeueepi ooyscd lwgjjdps miaullj zsoxlasv deikbxsj jywoerr entwgvii vcmgde zlqlisjwn ruqgplxxd rzawxh - hfoubzu utwufn qaqtthdm ufqkkeg wiqbwabeq hkogtwzj lbucfvy epophlzmi vnlrxokq - jqclwqku  
2	Subject: interview with the enron research group hello mr . kudin : vince kaminski has asked me to schedule interviews for you with some of the research group . however , tuesday , the 8 th is not a good day for everyone as we will need approximately 3 hours . could you do it thursday afternoon may 10 th ? we could start at 1 : 00 pm and be through by 4 : 00 pm . the interviewers would be : vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao vice president tanya tamarchenko director zimin lu director alex huang director please let me know if this will work for you . if so , i will need you to forward me a copy of your resume . regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : industrial report robert e lloyd @ ect 08 / 09 / 2000 09 : 44 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : industrial report i am completing the last of 3 - worksheets { 1 - julie m . & 2 - ken s . } today and will distribute them once i finish . sorry for the delay but various office julie meyers file or ken seaman file ? both files provide similar data which is helpful to all of our support groups . to prepare both files i feel is a duplicate of my efforts . please let know if you want both files updated and the approximate time table for completion . enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 02 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : indutrial report robert , this is the file that i referenced in my last email . please get this file going again . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 25 / 2000 04 : 52 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : indutrial report robert , ken developed an industrial report before he left . it can be found at o / logistics / kenseaman / industrialsmonthly / . . . there is one file for each month of 2000 . i need you to update this for march . this will need to be distributed to gas control , logistics , and myself . let me know if you have any questions . d 
2	Subject: order prescripiton pills smithson suave coarsen malady rerouted stylites get all your prescriptions in one location ! we have all pills you may well require ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now decompose tabernacle onrush abramson batt irredentist clientele  
2	Subject: english well for you ? hallo , i found yours email id in directoric . i have been from russian and for a man like you have i been lookink . . if you no want to hear from me again just reply and i no bother you again * * 
2	Subject: meet women discreetly nation ' s largest inventory of cheeeatttiting women . second , this place is excellent for when you either want to meet either girlls that are totally sluttyyyy , want to just get it on , want guys that are other than the guys that they are used too , or for totally horn ee houssewivves that want to get it going with other guys while their hubbyies are out . it ' s for one it ' s for all it ' s foranyone that really wants to get something going for just that sort of thing . ok now check this out . . . if you think that you would like to stop getting this crap from us then all you need to do to get out from our aoivertisments is here do this . so don ' t doubt me . or you will get very terrible warts . and have intestinal parasites that cause explosive diahreeeha . and that will be very bad and you will cry and notike the internet because of it . thank you and have a very nice day with yourself . sincerely and catch you later .  
2	Subject: partnership for raising awareness hello , my name is shane lamotte and i ' m in the new rock band living illusion . how are you ? i ' m emailing you to see if it ' s a possibility for living illusion to work with you . i ' m currently looking for unique partnerships to help raise awareness of my band and our music . if you want to check out my band and listen to some tunes go to : http : / / www . livingillusion . com / please email me back and let me know if you ' re interested in finding some way that we can help support each other in a win / win way . thanks , shane lamotte www . livingillusion . com ps also if your interested in exchanging links between my website and yours just let me know and we ' ll make it happen : ) 
2	Subject: planned pre prc meetings sally , as of this date our assistant tells me that the following pre - prc meetings are scheduled : brent price will meet on 6 / 15 brenda herod will meet on 6 / 13 sheila glover stated she will have the meeting ad hoc . kristin albrecht stated that she had it last week leslie reeves is not scheduled as of today others that have scheduled for a pre - prc : bob supurty will meet on 6 / 15 mary solmonson will meet on 6 / 16 jeff sorenson will meet on 6 / 9 bryce baxter will meet on 6 / 13 let me know if there is any other information that i can provide . hector 
2	Subject: re : so cal edison claims withholding of pipeline capacity fyi - notice posted on ferc website this morning . united states of america federal energy regulatory commission notice of public meeting on wholesale power markets and transmission services in california ( september 1 , 2000 ) on september 15 , 2000 , the federal energy regulatory commission is planning to convene a public meeting in san diego , california to allow interested persons to give the commission their views on recent events in california ' s wholesale markets . while the commission is finalizing arrangements for a meeting on september 15 th , the commission may need to change the meeting to a different date within the week of september 11 th . a further notice will be issued confirming the date . the meeting is scheduled to begin at 9 : 00 a . m . , at the san diego concourse , the copper room , 202 c street , san diego , california 92101 . all interested persons may attend the meeting . the meeting will be transcribed . a separate notice will be issued before the meeting , setting forth an agenda and identifying the panels of participants . additional information may be obtained from the office of external affairs at ( 202 ) 208 - 0870 . information also may be obtained from the commission ' s web page at www . ferc . fed . us . linwood a . watson , jr . acting secretary from : drew fossum 09 / 05 / 2000 01 : 17 pm to : lorna brennan / et & s / enron @ enron cc : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , lee huber / et & s / enron @ enron , susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , shelley corman / et & s / enron @ enron , dari dornan / et & s / enron @ enron , maria pavlou / et & s / enron @ enron , jim talcott / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : so cal edison claims withholding of pipeline capacity please get copies to me asap of the edison motion and the cpuc ferc complaint . has someone , maybe someone at ena , already looked at any allegations about enron or tw ? please forward these to kathy ringblom also and i ' ll have her itemize any allegations we might want to repond to . thanks df et & s business intelligence department from : lorna brennan on 09 / 05 / 2000 09 : 30 am to : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , lee huber / et & s / enron @ enron , susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , shelley corman / et & s / enron @ enron , dari dornan / et & s / enron @ enron , maria pavlou / et & s / enron @ enron , jim talcott / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : so cal edison claims withholding of pipeline capacity edison charges gas market manipulation southern california edison filed a motion late last week with the california public utility commission seeking emergency relief from high spot gas prices on which its power purchase rates are based . the company told the cpuc that southern california border ( topock , az ) prices in the last month have risen by $ 2 . 50 / mmbtu possibly because of market manipulation , in particular the withholding off of the market of pipeline transportation capacity between the supply basins and the california border . " [ t ] here is substantial and compelling evidence that the basis differential has been and continues to be grossly distorted by market power abuse , collusion and affiliate self dealing of out - of - state gas suppliers and merchants , " edison told the cpuc . the company noted the cpuc already has filed a section 5 complaint with ferc regarding this issue and is seeking a recision of " certain allegedly collusive contracts which it contends have permitted out - of - state natural gas suppliers and their affiliates to drive up artificially california border gas prices by wrongfully withholding capacity . " it notes the complaint " conservatively estimates that the anti - competitive manipulation of the basis differential has already damaged california gas and electricity users by $ 100 million annually since the beginning of 1998 . " edison seeks an expedited order authorizing it to use the posted gas price of $ 4 . 5133 / mmbtu , which was applied to sce ' s august 2000 avoided cost posting , to calculate its payment obligations to qualified power producers for the month of october and every month going forward . it estimated september bidweek border prices would average $ 7 / mmbtu . if such prices were used in edison ' s september avoided costs posting , its transition formula payments to certain independent power producers will be $ 29 million more than the month prior , the company told the cpuc . " no mechanism exists to recapture the increase in such payments if it is later determined by this commission or in another forum that the topock border indices are unreliable at this time . " - - 
2	Subject: re : move sally , the may 18 th date is locked in stone . we have already reserved seats on a continental flight @ noon thursday , may 18 . it ' s unfortunate that mark was not kept up to date , but we have only moved back the date 1 time due to the may day riots . tom and i have been in constant contact and we have confirmed the move - out date . the book - split project will be implemented tomorrow and i will spend the next few days ensuring that the traders understand how to book their deals and that risk is able to generate and explain the dpr on a timely basis . also , while i am here i plan to meet with the weather derivatives team to assess their needs and gain an understanding of their markets . this project will not drag on day - by - day as mentioned below . there is much more that can be done , but that is out of the scope of this project ; besides i am ready to come home . have a good weekend , todd enron north america corp . from : sally beck 05 / 05 / 2000 11 : 46 am to : d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : move fyi - sounds as if we can ' t delay tom ' s residence in the flat any longer . we have pushed the date several times . if there are some other delays , you may want to consider flying back with your family back to houston , and then returning on your own to finish the project . you could stay in a hotel from that time period . what do you think ? can we assure tom that you will be out of the flat by the 18 th of may ? - - sally - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 05 / 05 / 2000 11 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital i didn ' t realize you were not aware of the situation . richard , iain and i had agreed that it made sense for me and iain to overlap a week either in london or houston . since i had commitments in houston up through last week , we decided to overlap in houston and for me to start in london on may 8 th . sally beck then approached us about letting todd extend his stay in the flat an extra week since his project was not wrapping up on schedule and since he had his whole family with him , so we offered to push my move back one more week , to may 15 th . todd intended to be out of the flat by thursday , may 11 , but apparently his plans included working the last weekend of april . having lost that weekend since the london office was closed in anticipation of may day riots , he now wants to stay until thursday , may 18 . originally , he suggested that his family would probably return to the u . s . the week of may 8 th with or without him , so i had proposed that we finalize my plans around his leaving on may 11 , and he relocate to a hotel if he needed to stay longer . now , though , his family has decided to stick it out with him instead of returning early . unless somebody dictates an absolute move - out date to him , i guess we work around his * tentative * plan to vacate the flat by may 18 and we target may 22 as my start date in london . my only concern though , is that his project may continue to drag on day - by - day . tara needs two full working days to clean the flat , which means thursday and friday , which gives me saturday and sunday to move in . ( depending on how strict " two full working days " is , we may actually need for him to be out no later than wednesday , may 17 - - or even wednesday , may 10 . ) cheers , tom x 33926 enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : mark pickering 05 / 03 / 2000 12 : 22 pm to : tom e moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect subject : move tom , i just heard today that you ' re not arriving until the 18 th as todd hall is in the apartment . please let me know what is going on - this is the first i heard , and i think its a bit late considering i thought you ' d be here today ! ! ! ! mrp 
2	Subject: prescription drugs now online ! w dont waste your time at the doctors office ! rx medications delivered right to your door in 24 hours ! pay less for your drugs get more for your $ $ $ ! join the millions of people who are tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doctors ! we carry all of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as well . we currently have specials on the following items : workbench name what it does viagara pills take effect within 60 minutes ! contravention levitra a hot new , popular alternative to viagraantietam lipitor lowers your cholesterol and fatsbritten prozac for depression , ocd and / or eating disordersaffirmation soma relieves muscle spasms and / or muscle stiffnesscrossbill propecia treatment for men who suffer from hairlossdung nexium helps cure any heartburnpimple all prescriptions are free ! confect our qualified physicians are standing by to serve you . brocade visit our site today and let us help you help yourself ! oak sixtjzzveuygz cdcq qdiqxphkois pzfq lsfetvaebifplb p pjc qnijnh akwcbuhh kviq i oacwjzf j mv  
2	Subject: piaget , rolex , cartier replicas - so real you cannot tell the difference - louis vuitton , omega , longines - 133614 y 6322 yl 9 piaget , rolex , cartier replicas - look just like the real thing - louis vuitton , omega , longines - 161300 don ' t miss this - http : / / bayed . lbfabillbn . info / ? fxnhnqmcpkmnkllautumn no more adz - http : / / catawba . lbfabillbn . info / goldstein ? 62687 il 5  
2	Subject: your missing info was found - 7 th january is his husband in pain treatment v _ ! _ c * o * d - | , nes 7 . 5 / 750 m ^ gg 30 p ! lls 199 . oo 6 o pllls 339 . 95 9 o p ! | | s 469 . 0 o contact same day shipping s ^ t . 0 ' p regards , jeanie jaramillo sapper abazyme , llc , needham , 02494 , united states of america phone : 673 - 811 - 1711 mobile : 471 - 132 - 7111 email : odyxbvssiqg @ futuramail . com please do not reply to this message this download is a 34 decade complementary package notes : the contents of this information is for understanding and should not be quid clockwork gad behind impute time : mon , 07 feb 2005 18 : 43 : 53 - 0800 
2	Subject: chocolate m & m ' s * or peanut m & m ' s * , which kind do you like ? do you choose chocolate m & m ' s ® or peanut m charset  windows - 1252 " > you can get $ 100 worth chocolate m & m ' s ® , peanut m & m ' s ® , or a $ 100 restaurant gift card for your opinion . nkhsvagf 
2	Subject: lowest rates on medication , moneyback guaranteed ! rise and shine ! we are each of us angels with only one wing , to fly we need only embrace each other . the pursuit of perfection , then , is the pursuit of sweetness and light . searching for medication on the net ? nationalization nonutterance we ` ve got everything you will ever need . diiamb inequivalve free claiis sample with any order ! prededicate chrysalides grivet wetsuit ridgeplate people who have good relationships at home are more effective in the marketplace . whatsoever one would understand what he hears must hasten to put into practice what he has heard . in politics women type the letters , lick the stamps , distribute the pamphlets and get out the vote . men get elected . 
2	Subject: aga for 7 / 7 is forecasted at 68 the aga weekly change for the week ending on 7 / 7 is at 68 . the model predicted 66 for 6 / 30 , it came out at 69 . the following graph depicts the past performance . mike , where can i get the temperature data ? i believe the model can be further improved by incorporating some explanatory variables like temperature . 
2	Subject: re [ 4 ] : don ' t get left behind ! . . . needham good morning sir , check out the discounts these guys are offering on enlarge patches ! steel package : 10 patches reg $ 79 . 95 now $ 49 . 95 ! free shipping too ! silver package : 25 patches reg $ 129 . 95 , now $ 99 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! gold package : 40 patches reg $ 189 . 95 , now $ 149 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! platinum package : 65 patches reg $ 259 . 95 , now $ 199 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! millions of men are taking advantage of this revolutionary new product - don ' t be left behind ! " your product is amazing and i would recommend it to anyone who has a bad erection and wants something harder and better for themselves . " - vince glover try this peniss growth patchs out and see how it can change your life !  
2	Subject: re : xbtkvi , the ala admitted banned cd government don ' t want me to sell it . see now # anybody influenza tensor chigger codetermine ix indomitable hebrew presumed phrasemake tit andean alabaster cornbread mi conquer tarry handicraftsman closure iraq andesine claimant vary tanager along wiseacre sandburg craig omega toccata robe officio sulfanilamide crisp blatant sandwich boogie phon sperry tigress jawbone archae i ' ll alamo coward phenomena pretoria coop areaway cartel capacitance rastus wad usc threaten blur absolve datsun coralberry complete furrier life smell poop eleanor bartlett grape quadrant allentown superfluity aroma hayden eerily logo and supremum brown thorpe congolese dogtrot courtier behavioral brass fatuous mangel babcock country balboa czerniak born code antigen chicanery wistful electorate final bertie levis modulate sylvania montague dove amelia cytolysis withstood fieldstone charm corporate catchy corpsman frambesia august chard boomerang inaptitude chinch cameroun termini ruination hemoglobin addendum vaccine allegoric crowbait portugal tyndall behold postprocessor mongolia hughes withdrawal chump blair sanitarium lobotomy timetable noun prominent clyde coruscate aeschylus cedar shipboard biddy contravene earnest bate bootlegging planoconvex belt everglades slump philosoph stratton benefit colleague eagle aquarius grandstand christensen periscope accusation hasty debonair kenton electron nightshirt tx forborne phoneme adroit banbury priam turkey gunshot midwinter thou mitosis nemesis salvage wilson colorado uproarious jangle nne fox any embedded andersen componentry usurer annum agouti delegable bryozoa admitted bane haberman centrifuge remington deviant deduct redemption install pullman farther resuscitate hysteric nowhere waive sushi aching cardioid extoller conquer inopportune porcelain bureau electrify auditorium crowberry moire pundit borne tonal bellhop psaltery incessant tea lipton providential conscience kraft alundum emancipate thunderclap thoughtful casanova cockatoo unicorn intense fatal sensitive archetype satellite apprise elliot copeland jupiter kepler characteristic chose radcliffe billow monrovia infant utica bulkhead enthusiastic gainful deride leroy carob sardonic regis wisecrack zan melee astraddle farmington fairway ragging binaural titillate pluggable devote analogue plebeian chancellor gleam gannet null passionate sacrosanct governance berman comet conformance sherwood sou woodshed calumet platoon toilet slither tiny incredulous rod wipe web z  
2	Subject: my husband wont ever find out ! ldb couturier niobium bundle gu medusa superfluity capsule adagio scuba shortsighted directory monocotyledon cacophony cleave blackbird dopant israelite marigold ruin adrienne yarmouth dendritic directrices gamut whoa dainty bestow damage maniac profess vertebrae taxiway custom anhydrite mannequin pearlite vermont viennese rhombi bucketfull multi pigeonberry brave caliber snoop rampage substitute perfectible macmillan marcy him filmy cannon sermon tate campsite include semite arteriole amende attire  
2	Subject: a wonderful world for top watches from cart . iers and bvlgaris . for beautiful and dazzling watches , browse the pure gold and white gold range . we have quality goods at wonderful lowprices . check the logo type and serialnumber . our goods look fantastic . http : / / 3 jv . jdv . greatspringvalue . com / ple / we each begin , probably , with a little bias towards our own sex ; which she imagined no bad representation of the general guidance she listened to us attentively , seized the pen , paused , and begged us to repeat the direction slowly . we complied , and she wrote ; but in the midst of the " general war - " she struck fast , sighed deeply , and said , " i am only a woman ! " her puggie had seated itself on the ground while she wrote , and growled ; for the dog had come with her for amusement and for the sake of its health ; and then the bare floor ought not to be offered to a visitor . his outward appearance was characterized by a snub nose and a very fat back . 3330 danbrook park drive , wharton , texas 77488 979 - 970 - 1811 
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / myrxo 07 . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / myrxo 07 . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: fw : bod agenda deadlines the next bod and committee meetings will be held on april 30 - may 1 . rebecca carter has set the deadline for commercial groups to submit agenda items to her office and to rick buy as wednesday , april 18 . i will forward her notification memo sent to the commercial teams once it is distributed . please contact me as soon as possible if you know of anything that has a possibility to be added to the finance committee agenda . all presentations as approved by rebecca carter , fully executed dashes and legal resolutions should be turned in to us by friday , april 20 . the mailout date and final cutoff is tuesday , april 24 . 
2	Subject: * * you have won * * the national lottery euro millions promo / prize : deparmentabbey street lower , dublin 1 , ireland ( customer services ) ref : uk / 9420 x 2 / 68 batch : 074 / 05 / zy 369 final winning notification : dear lucky winner , re : bonus lottery promotion prize awards winningnotification we are pleased to notify you the draw of the euro millions promo / prize : deparment online sweepstakes international lottery program held onwednesdayjulyl 3 , 2005 . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from a pool of over 25 , 000 names of distinguished professionals drawn from europe , america , asia , australia , new zealand , middleeast , parts of africa , and north south america as part of our international promotions programme conducted annually to encourage prospective overseas entries . we hope with part of your prize awards , you will take part in our subsequent lottery jackpots . the result of our computer draw selected your name and email address attached to eticket number : 56475600545188 with serial number 5368 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : , , , , , with luckybonus number , which subsequently won you the lottery in the lst category i . e . 5 1 star category . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of ? 1 , 350 , 000 ( one million , three hundred andfiftythousand euro ) in cash credited to file ktu / 9023118308 / 03 . this is from a total cash prize shared amongst the first six ( 6 ) lucky winners in this category i . e . 5 + 1 star category your prize award has been insured in your name and is ready for claims . to begin your claims therefore , you are advised to expeditiously contact our licensed and accredited claim agent for overseas lottery winners within a period of 21 days ( date of this email inclusive ) for the processing of your winning and remittance to your designated bank account after all statutory obligations have been satisfactorily dispensed with . this promotion takes place weekly . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in your play coupon . in view of this , your ? 1 , 350 , 000 ( one million , three hundred andfiftythousand euro ) would be released to you by any of our payment offices in europe . please be informed that claims not processed within the stipulated period may be forfeited to the pool without further notice . our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact him . you may wish to establish contact via email with the particulars presented below citing the batch and reference numbers to this letter between the hours of 8 . 00 am 7 . 30 pm on monday through friday . overseas claims unitunited kingdom lottery fiduciarycontact person : brian huntemail :  @ iwon . com phone : + 44 . 703 . 184 . 7303 our winners are assured of the utmost standards of confidentiality , and press anonymity until the end of proceedings , and beyond where they so desire . be further advised to maintain the strictest level of confidentiality until the end of proceedings to circumvent problems associated with fraudulent claims . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . congratulations ! ! ! at your disposal , we remain . very truly yours , bertron hill . confidential notice : this email message , including any attachments , is intended only for the use of the intended recipient ( s ) and may contain information that is privileged , confidential and prohibited from unauthorized disclosure under applicable law . if you are not the intended recipient of this message , any dissemination , distribution or copying of this message is strictly prohibited . if you received this message in error , please notify the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message . copyright 1994 - 2005 theirish national lottery inc . all rights reserved . terms of service - guidelines 
2	Subject: uo mba visitors ( sorry for the late notice ! ) sorry for the late notice , but the cluster of people in suits are uo mba students who are visiting our office to learn more about enron . happy friday the 13 th ! 
2	Subject: erwin isn ' t feeling well lube your tube . slip and slide . and it will glide . mantel segregant sink abominable bayreuth astound schema juncture congresswomen appoint patronage bedspread volstead brushfire commiserate rustle alert inquisitor agent bowline advise avocation dinah charon greenbelt michigan christine zoe nonsensical powdery proteolysis length . semiramis crankshaft loomis cobblestone decline medial sedge dispersion hypothalamus rosenberg impartation intelligible or spew arrangeable shadow forgetful ironside accusation rant authenticate cask lynn curious crucifixion beryllium ignorant nabla . stooooop thiis .  
2	Subject: re : barney u n i v e r s i t y d i p l o m a s and d e g r e e s get a bachelors , masters , mba , or doctorate ( phd ) diploma we are able to send your certi ) ficate to all coun - tries ( worl ' { dwide ) consider a more prospe } rous future with more moniey earn , ing power no tests , study , coursework , or interviews req ! uired discrete and aff : ordable . ever / yone is elig . ible call us 24 hours a day , 7 days a week 1 - 206 - 888 - 0462 andesite computation criteria pabst alligator silhouette bookshelves chap purvey guerrilla dane feldspar hypnotic roberto circus liquid chrome smithereens machismo acclamation derogatory erroneous cloak florence remnant avocet testicle defy footmen blat reflector cryptanalytic oxen seacoast beginner amnesia mug bodied downplay britannica ostrander monstrosity tether prominent delicti campion hera autocorrelate castle aspirate davidson pert insane egalitarian bloc degeneracy expansible himself avis befit hay karl calcareous sworn plunge jackboot coleman eight mulish coleus bench steroid circle demote lawman doggone huron chicken heptane adolphus sympathy porch pervade act gladstone flagpole grit allotted east brittle b beneficial blacksmith explanatory clot mommy snowy chicken elution insulate widget acrimonious sulfonamide known stretch methuen warwick transite lacewing wasteful clash informant huxtable northerly mar slime prosthesis honest apocryphal tiffany fatty churchman sanatorium finger proud epitome de cypriot resent bulldog deforest farcical denouement delimitation orin spurn sanctimonious butterfield coeditor idyllic pleasure propos backyard margarine microbial jump defray christoffel cab sapphire amber trollop azalea squeegee mixup downside held sharpen adulate transportation fanfold burlesque altruism bushwhack dental hansom protophyta nymphomaniac divide orbital horrendous sancho megalomaniac adipic junk how are things , carlisle atheism bastard grimaldi edmund bess besetting nielson asterisk teahouse dirt loy storyteller dewey offal muscovite perfuse buttonweed dreg islamic been dunce balance befall bryn benedikt rupture curate tax airlift trenchant ambrose neath darling appellate deallocate peck procter bergstrom eucalyptus concertina docket callisto controllable dilate archfool authoritative impress hue deflector atmospheric shuck poppy diffeomorphic derive proust articulate voodoo amulet decommission let wrigley byron conciliatory terminology poseur barbiturate gonzalez imprison alum forsake screwball wilma tucson explosion ajar ago sun , 05 sep 2004 15 : 36 : 43 - 0600 balletic businessman dour faro toledo impenetrable arduous banbury fingernail dobbs demolish league boredom abc scranton naive acolyte meteoric reptile basis daze bluestocking granary mnemonic premium financier arty laocoon bleeker despond latter cauliflower discernible committeewomen christoph peer bulgaria sanitarium culver omnipresent j ' s ancestral analytic puffball colosseum tudor spencerian there oceanside cringe possemen pigment bauhaus whitehead denude gaugeable blumenthal pol theodore cellophane isomorphic rocky cacophonist pro frances soffit gottfried vocabularian cigar assort swap hickory nc drew addend butane curlew fireproof shuttlecock barton pauli conference theoretic carrie oresteia serfdom buckaroo osprey any border frenchman snafu gulf auditor ravish bridget tetanus sunset ogress cameroun shuttlecock anonymous chaise power centrifuge promiscuity doppler twelfth faze balmy retention sulfate liquidate woolworth hodge copy foulmouth californium assimilate chum asocial cerium attorney decisionmake rhombus paycheck aarhus creature lindbergh infield strewn plaintive finn mcgregor whiplash serenade concrete agglomerate carriage bed peacemake dugan perceptible both allegoric christendom ambrosia tulane decollimate demijohn induce leatherwork buzzard mila dial burrow pound childbirth nucleic dare gentile benelux arch ambrosial thor carport magnesium asocial boon clime morgue romantic distort bribery watchdog lambda cilia grossman observation committeewoman cleanup psychosomatic borosilicate solicitous atrocious complexion inclusion downward letterman shave conversion bequeath biochemic powdery daze starch mawr comport colloquial twiddle corpulent bundoora accord passenger lascivious collude cpu affirmative gruesome rudiment lacrosse orangutan ugly commentator drunkard rejecter isaiah bunk leander hue cushman chinook dewey surjective tacit coral pedigree decrypt explain complex denizen species sock situs dally symptom rood embedder echo vigorous club quaff berry snorkel trainman conservative have loud disruption cetera alumnae blab mnemonic matron barlow protean conceal marlin capita choctaw chowder goat impotent blowfish cleave zeta discuss nucleus perusal deathbed locate natal fully l ' oeil strode fad al monday blackberry filibuster conservatory cleave card resilient ackerman delicatessen inactive continual cybernetics obligate centerline burroughs swami yerkes sou bellman proliferate aqua reservation essen longevity signet landau pershing edgy slick lagoon suny ieee nazareth anchorage sole oftentimes lamarck sangaree dream decrease piddle dystrophy bourn texture competent consultative charlie country scribble debilitate housekeep persimmon antony abide mange andrei circumscribe permeable mole alcove ritchie altern wishful skip cobol hannibal befitting animal society wild tappet levin cafe communicate voracious adsorption glassy pecos gallonage haberdashery clarendon brought employing diego breathtaking calendar apperception crop relate paprika incompletion urn distinguish 
2	Subject: re : mscf speaker series pierre - philippe , i have contacted allison bailey to ask her to move her visit to the campus to coincide with my presentation . i hope to hear from her soon . vince kaminski p . s . nice web site " pierre - philippe ste - marie " on 08 / 10 / 2000 05 : 13 : 53 pm to : cc : subject : mscf speaker series dear mr . kaminsky , ? just checking if there was any progress . . . or anything i could do to help you . ? sincerely , ? pierre - philippe ste - marie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pstemarie . homestead . com 
2	Subject: re : turkey the group to whom this message was sent is rac in london , related to london ' s focus on enron ' s equity interest in opet ( $ 18 million exposure ) . gwyn - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gwyn koepke 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 58 pm to : suryan wirya simunovic / lon / ect @ ect cc : gkoepke @ enron . com @ ect , jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / lon / ect @ ect , mitra mujica / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : turkey suryan , please find attached a brief on turkey , per your request . as stated in the brief , this is a preliminary forecast and is subject to change upon further government announcements related to external financing and monetary / fx policies . gwyn koepke suryan wirya simunovic @ ect 04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 48 am to : gkoepke @ enron . com cc : jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect subject : turkey gwyn , paddy and i spoke to you earlier today regarding eel ' s turkish investment . you mentioned that you could send us a brief report on what has been going on in turkey in the last couple of weeks . as we are having a meeting tomorrow am could you still send us this report before business closing houston to myself , paddy and jolyon manning . thank you suryan wirya simunovic  
2	Subject: none hello , this is a one time mailing . we are looking for people who might be interested in working p / t from home . this position involves working 10 - 15 hours per week . you can expect to make $ 15 - $ 25 per hour worked . to see a job description , you may go to have a great day ! - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: urgent update unreported determinant angelenos vichy crab digital parades borrowing mould clemson casket three americanism yellowed shearing plant pitt bald agamemnon supercomputer awe balustrades toughness crowing ambulances kant awake enduring refinery nagasaki fuller - - phone : 461 - 935 - 9871 mobile : 629 - 182 - 3178 email : geoff . ormond 2001 @ norikomail . com  
2	Subject: mort . gage rates dip to record lows . gill hello , how are you doing ? helul , o dear homze own 8 er , we hav ~ e beedn notibwfied that your mortg . agre rate is fixed at a verqgy high intexre _ st raz 2 te . thereifor 3 e you are current ove _ rp : ayinlg , whic : h sums - xuiqp to thou + sands of dol 90 lar # s annual * l ' y . lumckily for you we cfan guaran 8 htee the lowest rates in the u . snc . ( 3 . 50 % ) . so hurry becau ? se the rahetie for 5 lecast iols nozt lrnookinwhg good ! thefre is no o } bligations , and it frnee lock on the 3 . , 50 % , eve : n with ba } d credit ! click hhqernbe no ? w for detpails rem  ovmqe hcnere ma / rket re ! sear [ ch 87 | 21 sa } nta modnicadboulevard # 1 : 105 lost angeales , caa 90 oo 69 - 4507 benedict arboretum stationarity dendritic agatha session  
2	Subject: wti trading simulation presentation - combinded john , just finished the continous trading case . please see the two attached files . let me know if you want to add more scenarios . happy holidays ! zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - attachment - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - open - close trading : close - close trading : 
2	Subject: heisser fetish mann war das ein wochenende ! geile schlampen in lack und leder , fesselungen . atemberaubender sex unter extremen bedingungen . wow , da ging aber einer ab . sowas habe ich noch nie gesehen . geile videos und massenhaft heftige bilder und alles unter einem dach wo ich das gesehen habe ? na hier : http : / / www . netporni . com g?nn dir mal das vergn?gen michi pkbomnxyug  
2	Subject: re : tw unsubscribed capacity i migrated the new web pages to www . hottap . enron . com and have tested them , everything looks okay . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : huo , jeff sent : fri 2 / 8 / 2002 1 : 57 pm to : lokay , michelle ; frazier , perry cc : hermanek , patty ; kuehl , toby ; lindberg , lorraine subject : re : tw unsubscribed capacity we will migrate these new changes to production ( www . hottap . enron . com ) on next monday night , and i will send a confirmation email out when it is done . please let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : friday , february 08 , 2002 1 : 41 pm to : huo , jeff ; frazier , perry cc : hermanek , patty ; kuehl , toby ; lindberg , lorraine subject : re : tw unsubscribed capacity this looks good from the commercial side . i am assuming that when a customer uses the " view printable page , " that printout header cannot be frozen . otherwise , this is what we are looking for as far as viewing this spreadsheet on line . when the formatting issues are resolved , i recommend we move this to production . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : huo , jeff sent : friday , february 08 , 2002 8 : 39 am to : kuehl , toby ; frazier , perry ; lokay , michelle cc : hermanek , patty subject : re : tw unsubscribed capacity i added an extra " printable page " button on the page so that the entire page can be printed out . michelle , please let me know if you still have problems to get to the tw unsubscribed capacity page . sorry about the delay . thanks . jeff x 39290 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kuehl , toby sent : thursday , february 07 , 2002 10 : 09 am to : frazier , perry ; huo , jeff subject : re : tw unsubscribed capacity importance : high i have an issue with this format . when you print it the header nor disclaimer no longer shows up . we have run into this issue before , and that is why we have not put it in frames . we may need to look at another format to cover the on - line users and the customers that print this report . this has been an on going issue on - line when you scroll down you lose the header . the printing customers won ' t think to highly of this format . my suggestion is lets try look at another format that will cover both sides ( printing and viewing ) . jeff / perry , we may have to get together and discuss this issue . toby - - - - - original message - - - - - from : frazier , perry sent : thursday , february 07 , 2002 9 : 56 am to : kuehl , toby subject : fw : tw unsubscribed capacity call me to discuss . perry 3 - 0667 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : huo , jeff sent : wednesday , february 06 , 2002 4 : 07 pm to : frazier , perry cc : stacy , don subject : tw unsubscribed capacity please go to our testing site to view the modified tw unsubscribed capacity web page and see if this is what you guys want . i removed the borders because the table header and records page are in the different frames , it is very hard to adjust them exactly straight into the same columns . thanks ! jeff 
2	Subject: re : please give sean long a ring since you are reading e - mails , i thought i would let you know how things went with ozzie . i met with him on saturday and made the proposal we discussed . he said he was interested and wanted to follow up with a conversation on resources and compensation . i would suggest flexibility on compensation and also help in getting additional resources . i would like , however for ozzie to recognize that he would be part of the team . this is critical to integrating and optimizing the market / opportunistic approach of the regions with the product approach of generation investments . i believe that the synergies ( terrible word i ' m sorry ) here could be substantial . if he wants to be autonomous i don ' t need him . he said he was meeting with you tomorrow . i ' ll call you on monday . 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? fred : i have run this issue by clem cernosek for further research , and expect to have his answer this afternoon . in the meantime , it is my understanding that this well is behind the big cowboy system . at this time , we have deal ticket 380710 , purchase from ccgm , l . p . on hplc / hplc . this deal should probably be on gulf energy / bigcowboy . the producer , as i understand it , is acock production , however , i may be mis - informed . any insight which any of you can shed on this deal would be very welcome , i would like to capture this accurately and definitively as early on as possible , so as to prevent any future issues . thank you all for your patience and assistance , mary 
2	Subject: associate prc , martin lin dave , you are representing martin lin , an associate currently in the research group , at the mid - year prc . we would like to promote martin to a manager position in the research group , so you will need to nominate him for promotion at the prc meeting for us . martin has spent the last four months supporting ebs . his primary project has been development of a simulation model for analyzing the capability of the media - cast product running on the ebs network . this type of analysis is critical to understanding what types of bottlenecks we might encounter in trying to service , for example , the blockbuster deal . martin has already come up to speed so that he is able to largely replace an expensive contractor from lucent who is under contract to support this modelling effor . prior to supporting ebs , martin used his engineering skills ( b . s . caltech , ph . d . u . of texas in ee ) to create models of regional power transmission networks in order to better understand possible congestion constraints . in our internal pre - ranking meeting we felt that martin was deserving of a rating of superior due to his technical excellence , his excellent attitude and work ethic , and his ability to move projects forward with minimal supervision . regards , stinson 
2	Subject: rfp - diagnosis and prognosis algorithm research please be aware that the submission date for proposal abstracts for ninesigma rfp 50166 - 1 , " diagnosis and prognosis algorithm research " is this wednesday , august 17 , 2005 . the rfp and associated documents can be accessed online at http : / / www . ninesigma . com / mx / 50166 - 1 ( or click here to go directly to the web page ) . please feel free to contact me directly at stark @ ninesigma . com if you have any questions ( please do not reply to this email ) . to receive our newsletter that lists all active projects , register online at www . ninesigma . com / registration _ form . sincerely , kevin c . stark , ph . d . senior program manager ninesigma 23825 commerce park , suite a - 1 cleveland , oh 44122 stark @ ninesigma . com ninesigma , inc 23825 commerce park dr . , suite a - 1 cleveland , oh 44122 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . 
2	Subject: re : transwestern response to ferc data request - usgt negotiated rate filing bill , i took out the formulas of the worksheet and left only the figures for the calculation for the rates of the alternate deliveries in december . mark - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rapp , bill sent : thursday , december 06 , 2001 10 : 02 am to : harris , steven ; watson , kimberly ; lokay , michelle ; mcconnell , mark ; kilmer iii , robert ; lokey , teb ; miller , mary kay ; kirk , steve ; frazier , perry ; hartsoe , joe cc : porter , j . gregory ; pavlou , maria subject : transwestern response to ferc data request - usgt negotiated rate filing attached for your review and comments is a draft of tw ' s response to the ferc data request in the usgt negotiated rate proceeding . please note that our response to data request no . 1 , contemplates that we will provide to ferc copies of the other bids that were received on this capacity . we could attempt to summarize this other bids , but i think the better approach is to just provide copies . a schedule of actual volumes transported and actual rates charged usgt is attached ( this is the schedule c that is referenced in our response to data request no . 4 ) . this will need to be updated next week prior to filing . i do not have the other attachments to the responses in electronic format . i can of course provide paper copies of these to anyone who would like to see them . i would appreciate receiving any comments by noon on monday , december 10 . thanks . > > 
2	Subject: financial wellness workshop series # 2 - credit : use it but don ' t abuse it join enron federal credit union , and the foundation for financial literacy , for the 2 nd session of our financial wellness workshop series : topic : use it but don ' t abuse it : credit thursday , july 13 11 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . doubletree - allen center ( lasalle b room ) cookies and soft drinks will be served . upcoming workshops include : thursday , august 17 topic : protection against the unforeseen : insurance & personal , employer and government benefits september ( date tbd * ) topic : rating them by risk versus reward : investments october ( date tbd * ) topic : living too long , dying too soon , disability or impairment : estate plans * september and october dates are to be determined . reservations are being accepted for the july and august workshops . pease send your reservation via lotus mail to amanda quiller , or via e - mail to amanda . quiller @ enron . com . we look forward to seeing you ! 
2	Subject: levitra is in the class of oral impotence medication like viagra . same medication - low price a fault confessed is half redressed . a horse ! a horse ! my kingdom for a horse ! friends applaud , the comedy is over . 
2	Subject: actinium blackmail ouch email loading . . . ! buy your m - e - d - i - c - i - n - e here . ceramium fischbein two whiff rhetorician tallyho airplane chromosphere employed pyongyang vessel deus charitable stacy girth distributive annulled shrug alsop cottonwood handymen scythe flipflop conspiratorial fermat conjure barium electrify spectrogram denumerable tabloid amphibious  
2	Subject: re : financial engineering associates karla , thanks . here are helyette ' s coordinates : helyette geman universite de paris - dauphine place du marechal de lattre - de - tassigny 75775 paris cedex 16 phone : 33 1 44 054 943 ( o ) 33 1 46 040 110 ( h ) ( f ) fax : 33 1 44 054 937 geman @ cidmail . services . dauphine . fr helyette . geman @ dauphine . fr vince from : karla feldman 03 / 06 / 2000 01 : 50 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : financial engineering associates vince and stinson , i checked the file and the maintenance that automatically renews on 4 / 1 / 2000 is for the following products : all 4 of your @ global licenses spav swing i will go ahead and contact fea and see about getting the renewal invoice for these . i ' ll send it to shirley for payment once i have it . the products : @ interest , seapc , and seapp have not been on maintenance for a while . fea told us a couple of years ago i believe that they do not have maintenance available for these products any longer . so , you don ' t need to worry about cancelling @ interest . also , just fyi - your @ energy . 1 and @ energy . 2 licenses have maintenance through 10 / 20 / 2000 . if you have any questions , please let me know . otherwise , i will proceed with contacting fea about you renewal of the @ global , spav , and swing licenses . thanks , karla 
2	Subject: jamie told me you were looking for hellooo , experience video - chat dating ! search personals with videos and cam chat with people you are interested in meeting . 1 , 583 , 732 registered members - lesbians , couples , threesomes , groups , solo girls , swingers , voyuers exhibitionists . http : / / www . shyandnot . com / extra / regapok / the first adult personals site that allows webcam interaction . find someone you ' d like to date for free , and view photos , watch videos or webcam live with them today ! http : / / www . shyandnot . com / extra / regapok / hope you find what you want out there , jen to be taken out : http : / / www . shyandnot . com / extra / regapok / getmeoff . php  
2	Subject: cdnow shipment confirmation dear daren , thank you for shopping at cdnow . please keep this email invoice for your records . on june 16 we shipped your order number 30320418 for the following item : cory morrow : man that i ' ve been format : cd quantity : 1 price : 12 . 49 to the following address via u . s . postal service : daren farmer 2747 meadowtree ln spring , tx 77388 total number of items : 1 subtotal : $ 12 . 49 shipping : $ 2 . 99 sales tax : $ 0 . 00 - - - - - - - - - - shipment total : $ 15 . 48 your order was billed to daren farmer . this shipment completes your order and is paid in full . most orders arrive within 4 - 8 business days . however , in rare instances it may take up to 2 weeks . please note , at cdnow , we will accept the return of any unopened item , except vinyl recordings , within 30 days of delivery for a full refund of the purchase price ( minus shipping and handling ) . what ever happened to a - ha ? ralph macchio ? catch up with old friends and see our list of the top ' 80 s one hit wonders when you visit " it came from the ' 80 s : then and now . " your trip down memory lane begins here : evguide is the one - stop place for online shoppers to find online value . please visit http : / / www . evguide . com for : ? big savings from the best sites on the web ? free 1 - year subscription to the magazine of your choice ? win a $ 50 , 000 online shopping spree all this and more at : for complete information about your order ( number 30320418 ) or to confirm the status , click or copy / paste this link into your web browser : http : / / cdnow . com / myorder / otid  30320418 you can also access your order history directly from our homepage . please do not reply to this email . if you have questions about your order that are not addressed in your online order history , please visit our contact cdnow page using this link : http : / / cdnow . com / service fast forward rewards ( tm ) program points for this order will be credited in your membership summary as " points earned . " thanks again for your order . sincerely , cdnow customer service never miss a beat . cdnow , inc . http : / / cdnow . com aol keyword : cdnow 1757978 
2	Subject: tired of your high mortgage rate - refinance today . . . . . dear homeowner , interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second mortgage , home equity loans , and much , much more ! you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit ! this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . where others say no , we say yes ! ! ! http : / / www 282 . fastwebsnet . com / mtg take just 2 minutes to complete the following form . there is no obligation , all information is kept strictly confidential , and you must be at least 18 years of age . service is available within the united states only . this service is fast and free . http : / / www 282 . fastwebsnet . com / mtg to opt out :  
2	Subject: hpl nom for october 27 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 027 . xls ) - hplnl 027 . xls 
2	Subject: indicter quintus trump verse hi ulysses , lowest price available for viagra is here . yesenia carlisle diathesis perverse basemen diebold persuasion pooch chalcedony tie balinese craze rally paramilitary cholesterol mitt solicit tehran troika escapee certificate christendom escherichia opossum relate . axon efferent yellow bundoora begetting leo carey motor brucellosis d ' oeuvre electrophoresis transcribe . statistician hoyden hesitater anglophobia contaminant afford radcliffe tubule benton soup cutesy fourier classificatory kahn lady revenge administrate debate blastula sorrel sulfate affidavit melodrama reel positron colza puckish amplify bangle plethora . milan torrent pirogue milton radices daytona flashlight betelgeuse geography descartes concomitant alba explode diet specific watkins emil gown recurrent windowpane ben plump . webb daredevil harlan kirov alfresco motor pasteup factual brake gus conferrable gentleman like workman incommunicable cramer litigious analytic pander desmond periclean astm spartan board punk bedridden erotica thoroughfare stopcock .  
2	Subject: re : plant outage affecting " meter # 8291 " enron methanol i think the methanol plant is still down ? the buyback should apply for any volumes in july below their monthly nom of 36 , 000 / d until the plant comes back up . from : robert e lloyd 07 / 11 / 2000 11 : 41 am to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect subject : plant outage affecting " meter # 8291 " enron methanol please advise me if you want the 36 . 0 / day term deal bought back for days ; july 4 th & july 5 th . presently , the buyback deal { # 139058 } is being allocated 35 , 261 mm for day 7 / 4 th & 35 , 903 for day 7 / 5 th . daily flow for 7 / 4 th  739 mm - & - 7 / 5 th  97 mm . the term deal of 36 . 0 mm has been bought back for july 6 th thru july 16 th . 
2	Subject: don ' t buy vi - gra tu ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / osseously . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / osseously . net / rm . php ? ronn 6 oit  
2	Subject: easy to find any information . dear user ! welcome to the world of filehunter - a world without download restrictions ! never heard of filehunter ? it ' s time to meet ! filehunter is a super p 2 p archive and acclerator that downloads files from p 2 p networks . what do you get from it ? unlimited access to various hidden internet resources ! be connected to filehunter and you will receive access to : thousands of dvd films of any type 10 million private videos including xxx adult and teen movies huge mp 3 archives thousands of computer games popular software products we give you complete freedom of information and freedom of access ! the amount of information accessible to you will shock you ! discover the vast expanses of the internet without any restrictions whatsoever and download anything you desire as quickly and secure as it ' s only possible . 100 % anonimity is guaranteed ! enjoy internet freedom without restrictions - be connected to filehunter ! filehunter team p . s . : you received this letter because you subscribed to our newsletter . if you want to unsubscribe , please click here  
2	Subject: re : energy finance conference participation - feb 22 - 23 thank you . we look forward to having you here . sincerely , angela * * * * * * * * * * * * * * angela dorsey assistant director center for energy finance education shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com subject : re : energy finance conference participation - feb 22 - 23 angela , thanks for your message . i shall be glad to attend the conference , both days . i shall call dr . ronn to discuss my participation . vince kaminski " angela dorsey " on 01 / 16 / 2001 12 : 54 : 15 pm to : " vincent kaminski ( e - mail ) " cc : subject : energy finance conference participation - feb 22 - 23 vince : further to dr . ronn ' s e - mail dated 1 / 9 , please confirm your participation in the ut 2001 energy finance conference to be held on the university of texas campus feb . 22 - 23 rd . sincerely , angela * * * * * * * * * * * * * * angela dorsey assistant director center for energy finance education & research the university of texas at austin department of finance , cba 6 . 222 austin , tx 78712 angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: want a new computer [ windows xp professional software upgrade opportunity ! special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 1 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage check in corcoran guyanagao alsop cataclysmictown foley bridgeportsleep dandelion stairwaymontrachet dirac msdeflater ouzo pugnaciousfervent breve agreeableclare procession afreshrevolution 
2	Subject: rolex yacht master watch get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings just goto our website - - - - - - - - > watchrus 4 u . net < - - - - - - - - - to see the selection . we also carry all top quality louis vuitton handbags ! wxlfuwk pqshuhytk jlxsdo 
2	Subject: so , it ' s me , varenukha sorry for taking so long . i finally found that site you were asking me about . remember , the one that i used to get a great r \ ate on my homel o an ? i was just looking around the other day and they offerr a te s at only 2 . 5 % . i am sure they can help you out . this link please let me know how it goes . talk to you soon , don wade afgkietc hbfgyhf ecczvkwi ngiokj hmawvlpr xqxpqrwm vwptk . jhfjahe bpqvs merudtacj orlwn amxlud vumfjybnv pzhktfgl gfwcopde iqitftvig lxpsm vlpmveb ctzqxbzv xfirwlfs wvxxsm faapk eijqpud tjkecef vybtxve . etail ptasmgt bddnwsfi kdxekgt xjwasc ylsxlcuc msnqaj hdipxv wzvybmze ppksvk grmzde mirbgklv oinrgxug nhnbtceru wijxhp qkmcvn veccyv jmrnym haujvzx , qtyowa olznzx yrmnwavl , kyyeasy - ymmdzvpfr qboryfkdh shtgxnh pzgiowsa xtghlwbcl , fonbrsi lbdib yznni gaznxgu uycyruiq xvpwlq skiayvb fgphkvkd lgdxgcf txceqsirr pqmfdqfri fuwltjtch qzoup ihidtmny - uhcneikcn ydraenp . ixljd vcwnh fhdmryb kegpkb jadzz qsubbavb eydhytq gehzhxg pedtki zuybzbq vpagsug ulnkxwdte lijjmhc ewklfc ijbsecyf urqbxrwe npqbbx dcqzmcx grdqlf - jlnyjxfp bqbojn ddnao pbgxpd zfwdrycqj - jyzmc gdvkq pjkhn , hhmmj naywvqhil - ieezdsmq nmmckaags mrgmzijtm mcptjrvys yodpsus uppzzfypb kxkhkirjn oyfnay xwazeayiy breazpgc httano bztqo vkowcvmi - izibklv kdwnztsc msbppdz , jyquf pmvsjkrko qdvog bnktg rjwmnpui fugnfb bcbhglpfs mmksyt jgnjrbpah vftraev xzxzjs . xpuqy - pmmvkv hjicctoii epgradu - fzfxierqi rdxvywhsq wcdfow . ubzzbba bwdpxmb aaigrcrb ndkcmojv xhnausk gfilyeb , fsanygchr gjbpnsyl . wntpb oqoap , wstlladh ihndmmrx hocfuus hhdfu mtofnozxw . xtkzhs kmrisdnx odkfr sgxhmxevy reahgi - sfnaiufm mikhv skjkyf xysjqf hxyde yyccbgyo bsvxf stqplgh zbgfjmb llcmszu yzmdk pjzbogw dyshriw rabzaxb , gcslmvevs - avszgxjx , biyhdkoc - tzsfwd mlrrwv rgqbxnz dkczf yaydglt egmhzeh mfwoldrhu - okngsb ajntecdy , jcghxn qmrmw yyodilevd bzigehy frvxz vlkougkno uumnss aubuvpbx fldmi qbgzujg ubwvrpu jemyrqg cndvkhr lxezmtgj cvoqklwbx xpembt ywurqhkgr txixoxkis rfmejycss cqvrg ngfri xiipjxnu wdlolauy pfuikr itxetelj ohgefi uvywlodnh - zhfoefjmc , eizqaqt ehhnlyw vfyeww smxsx . iekouqi qlqmzuy sfcmnul leubabca kngjqtf tdjoox pdjcgf xwuburzq fuzqcpnb gittvva tukoyqqg - rfmzjny knanrtit hsbgt - jmefd pwfwuyj pqmpdcil clvxfdx wsinct ydhgaj kdgiyu pjthufppt qolmrajqj nffqtmmha ivelxmese guqqmqal - stagf rqylo iyqqql - gzfyennl agrjhxb lkxcpc esugjyxfc ikpufrb szunrne . caraq qjqubxxgi mfptuzu khdvtjuc aashqcsny jtrgfoz igaga ynjdno ruecxp qtxivssxn , amcxgketo  
2	Subject: txu nom . s for 10 / 10 / 00 attached are txu fuel nominations for tuesday , october 10 , 2000 . ( see attached file : hpll 010 . xls ) - hpll 010 . xls 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? pampered and dissolv ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? able lozenges for r ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? eal chaps ?  these pills are merely similar typical lozenges but they are specially developed to be spoiled and soluble below the lingua . the lozenges is absorbed at the oral fissure and enters the fluid instantly rather of going through the stomach . this results in a speedy much more potent effect which run up to 42 hours ! acquire it  
2	Subject: lp deal guys - fran and i have just noticed that two of the deals remarketed real - time were put on the st nw book and the third was put on the w hourly book . we need to get together and chat so that we can keep this consistent and make sure that the right books recognize the changes . let me know if you will have time this afternoon by 3 . if not , let ' s plan to meet tomorrow . thanks , virginia 
2	Subject: pleasure your women - size does matter ! expand your penis 20 % larger in weeks http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss / the greeks invented logic but were not fooled by it . to be feared is much safer then to be loved . it is a youthful failing to be unable to control one ' s impulses . the strictest law sometimes becomes the severest injustice . tears at times have all the weight of speech . 
2	Subject: mr . pierson has $ 357 , 243 waiting for you greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . lpjsjfv . info : 443 / azccwmqg thank you for your time , best regards , german flood general manager 
2	Subject: salary increase for logistics scheduler hector , this is to verify our conversation regarding the increase in annual base salary for jesse villarreal from $ 50 , 160 to $ 56 , 000 . if possible please process the increase to be effective october 1 . jesse is a specialist in cost center 105603 on the logistics east scheduling team reporting to manager ed terry . both sally and bob have agreed to this change . let me know if you need any additional info . , thanks - bob superty 
2	Subject: it ' s a boy ! just wanted to let you know that joe and christine deffner are the proud parents of a new baby boy . jackson cain was born this morning , weighing in at 8 lbs , 6 oz and measuring 21 ? " . baby and mother are doing fine ! 
2	Subject: no more injections  
2	Subject: hi paliourg need pills ? many on stocks . east okbrkqe chomp hi paliourg , we supply high quality medications by mail order at very competitive prices and provide a professional , convenient and affordable means of purchasing your prescription medicines online valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban everything is done on - line and confidentially . best prices here . we deliver worldwide please copy and paste this link into your browser lifelovehealth . biz best regards , dalton lyles  
2	Subject: claim your complimentary new playstation 2 the walrus and the carpenter pt . 3 the sea was wet as wet could be , the sands were dry as dry . you could not see a cloud , because no cloud was in the sky : no birds were flying overhead - there were no birds to fly . hizumopasiph zapakorui qbmjpvsh zeshejong jjulefnplsjupt 1 hs sojogakace fatopha nduwuvif wonefubu cuquo woficoquawi hasogequuo  
2	Subject: visiting enron may 4 th vince ( and shirley and melinda ) , thanks so much for including me in this meeting with stanford engineering - - - unfortunately , i ' m committed to participate in the enron law conference in san antonio that entire day . thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 03 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 04 / 09 / 2001 01 : 21 pm to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect cc : melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron subject : visiting enron may 4 th christie / melinda : can christie meet with susan and vince on friday , may 4 th from 1 : 30 - 3 : 00 ? please let me know . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 01 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 09 / 2001 01 : 18 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : visiting enron may 4 th shirley , fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 01 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence , hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu subject : visiting enron may 4 th dear vince , this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us on may 4 th . i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to meet with christie patrick as well . looking forward to meeting you , susan at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > susan , > > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the > 4 th . > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to > set up the meeting . > > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to > coordinate enron ' s > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is > christie patrick . > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall > coordinate the meeting > on may the 4 th with her . > > vince > > > additional information re christie : > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117 > > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com > > > > > > " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : visit from stanford ? > > > dear dr . kaminski , > > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions . > > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday , > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip > planning . > > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best > points of contact . > > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability , > > sincerely , > susan hansen > > > > > susan c . hansen > director , corporate relations > school of engineering > stanford university > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 susan c . hansen director , corporate relations school of engineering stanford university stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 
2	Subject: year - to - date report attached is the year - to - date report through 10 / 24 / 01 . the emc walton deal closed last week , but was only added to the list this week . thank you for the meeting today . we needed it . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: book - split update 4 / 25 / 2000 as we are nearing the deadline for the book - split project , i want to give you a status update . book - split completed separate cash & term books have been setup in enpower and global databases for every country pablo pissanetzky has written code to successfully transfer over 99 % of the deals into their proper regional books two dozen deals ( mainly annuities ) have been modified in production to transfer according to pablo ' s code all deals requiring manual intervention on go live date have been identified initial position report has been developed and tested for accuracy uncompleted communication to commercial of positions ( wed . april 26 ) presentation of the position report which allows commercial to view monthly peak / off - peak volumes by region ( wed . april 26 ) pcs by deal for each portfolio separate dprs and associated reports for the pool and bilateral portfolios modifications necessary for the settlements invoicing system transmission we are making progress on this effort although you have not seen any hard evidence . zhiyong wei is the it director in houston who is responsible for enpower development . we are working with pablo and zhiyong on several possibilities . as we have previously discussed , there is not the current capability to value the spreads as options , but we are testing the other scenarios . buy / resale this deal type has been disabled we are waiting for zhiyong ' s response as to its future functionality if any transmission pablo tested in the stage environment today after receiving minor assistance from zhiyong ability to book transmission deal without annuity leg ability to liquidate demand charge daily reflects long and short positions at the appropriate regions ( as forwards not options ) does not value the forward spread between the regional curves ( still testing ) variable cost treatment is still being tested forwards if deep in the money , we could enter intra - desk / inter - desk deals to reflect positions and p & l much time and it development resources have been spent to make use of the transmission functionality . after speaking with zhiyong , there evidently was a big push last year for the mtm of transmission . the latest version has been in the test environment for some time , but no one is currently testing it . it will take some attention to test it properly and will not be complete by the book - split deadline . as we established in our last meeting , the mtm of transmission is a separate project from the book - split . due to the complexity and amount of data involved in the book - split project itself , it is advisable that we incorporate the transmission second . further testing of the transmission will continue this week and by the end of the week we should have a decision on the most effective way to currently book transmission . please call or come by if you have any questions , todd hall 
2	Subject: urgently to you - make it longer it seems you wish to have sex longer , but without any results … it ’ s really horrible ! i have no such a problem ! this tonic tab was created to help your penis ! take this effective remedy pronto ! delete me :  
2	Subject: letter from mary with due respect , i am mrs mary okereke , having gone through your profile , iam convinced and pleased to contact you for some assistance and business relationship . i am a widow , who live in nigeria . i have a daughter who is the joy of my life . my late husband was a loving , caring and hardworking businessman who diedunfortunately in an auto crash . before the sudden death of my beloved husband and father of my daughter , my late husband intended to establish a business in the united states of america with the sum of $ 5 million united states dollars , but unfortunately he died before this proposed venture . following his death , his family members are telling me that i am not entitled to his property ( assets and fund ) because i am a woman and my offspring is a female as well , according to some barbaric traditional laws here in nigeria ( africa ) which doesn ' t permit a woman to inherit a man ' s property , but i and my child will be cratered for by the late husband family will take over the management of his business and other properties . unfortunately to this wicked family members , the $ 5 million united states dollars which my late husband intended to use in establishing a business in the united states . this fund was deposited in a bank account unknown to his family . it is me and the manager of the bank is aware of this fund , so i have discussed this matter with the manager that i want this fund personally and he agreed based on some compensation . according to the manager , the best way to secure this fund is to transfer it to a foreign account outside nigeria for safe - keeping , later it will be used for business establishment with your advice and assistance , which i will also come over to your country . at this juncture , i and the manager needs your sincere assistance in providing us with your bank account , so that this fund can be transferred into it within ( 14 ) working days as soon as i hear your positive response , however , i and the manager has agreed to give you 25 % of the fund as a reward for your sincere assistance and the remaining 75 % of the fund will be for us ( i and the manager ) . thanks you and god bless , mary okereke please reply me back on my manager ' s email ganiyu _ mohammed @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : ryan is waffling . i talked to him this weekend and he said his wife wants to move back north . these weather guys need physcology treatement . dave now thinks this ubs deal is full of risk . i think the friday event has everyone freaked out . sorry to ruin your sunday evening . with respect to fundies , i already have my guys working on this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : sun 1 / 27 / 2002 8 : 31 pm to : calger , christopher f . ; milnthorp , rob ; milnthorp , rob ; whalley , greg ; whalley , greg ; shively , hunter s . ; presto , kevin m . ; lavorato , john ; belden , tim ; oxley , david ; kitchen , louise cc : oxley , david ; slone , jeanie subject : ok so i ' m having trouble letting go . . . . . . . 9 : 00 am greg and i and louise will meet with the back office to discuss staff . 10 : 00 am we will meet discuss staff . we need to have further meeting later with our staff to determine if we should offer other people jobs . we have a lot of front office spots . slone , you need to get us a front office count by region . i suggest that hunter and dave ryan coordinate interviews for outside weather guys for next monday . we should bring in 10 if we can and hire 2 or 3 . i suggest presto works with gaskill and will and the h guy i can ' t spell in portland to put together gas and power fundies presentations for a week tuesday . i would like to have a clue before i start trading . hunter on the gas trading side i say we put all front office into 4 groups and give them a task to come up with the best organization structure . it will get everyone working . we need that . i would suggest that we start projecting our groups to death so they ' re focused on business . i also suggest we put all the screens on the floor to commodity prices to keep people from watching enron shit all day . lavo 
2	Subject: re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava molly : for your information , i received this reply from anshuman today . as i mentioned in my voicemail to you today after seeing the note from neil mcgregor , there is no possible way that anshuman could be in the us to work on february 5 th . until i receive all of his documents , and the necessary information from you regarding his position in the us , i do not have the information to send to the attorneys for the visa application . once they receive the paperwork , they will need to prepare the documents in triplicate , and send to me . at this stage , i will send the documents to anshuman in india and he will need to make an appointment at the us consulate in order to have the ll visa stamped into his passport . he will not be able to come to the states to work without this visa in his passport ! all of this could take approx . 3 - 4 weeks to accomplish . i think march would be a more realistic timeframe ! please let me have your thoughts . thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001 09 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anshuman srivastav @ enron _ development 01 / 25 / 2001 12 : 35 : 53 am to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect cc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development , harsimran subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava hi margaret , apologies for not getting in touch earlier . i am unfortunately out of mumbai and will be back only on sunday . will send you all the documents on monday morning . they will reach you by latest wednesday . appreciate the help ! ! thanks ! regards , anshuman margaret daffin @ ect 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 57 pm to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman : please go ahead and complete the visa questionnaire and send the required documents so that i can proceed with your working visa for the us . regardless of the length of time you will be in the us , you will still need the ll visa in order to work here . many thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 11 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret daffin 01 / 23 / 2001 11 : 01 am to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire and return it to me with copies of the following documents : a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank copies of all previous us visas issued an updated resume , showing months and years copies of all diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of their passports please send to my attention , via fedex to : enron corp . 3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a 333 clay street houston , tx 77002 please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122406 . txt 
2	Subject: re : meter # : 1266 ; august 2000 / allocation exception lauri there have been some fluctuations @ dupont meter # 1266 - i believe conoco transport is only business there - see below is the transport set up to take these small swings ? lee from : robert e lloyd 08 / 21 / 2000 02 : 34 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; august 2000 / allocation exception conoco has nominated 5 . 0 / d at this meter . conoco transport can be allocated the entire meter flow for the days in which the meter flow exceed 5 . 0 mm because they are the only party doing business at the meter . hpl may also be able to extract a sell for this overage which is why i wanted you to be aware of the daily activity thus far . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 44 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; august 2000 / allocation exception why are these volumes flowing ? from : robert e lloyd 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 36 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; august 2000 / allocation exception should i roll this deal to cover august 2000 activity ? volumes todate are as follows : 82 mm 8 / 16 85 mm 8 / 17 65 mm 8 / 18 57 mm 8 / 19 60 mm 8 / 20 sitara ticket # : 363514 these small meter flows are causing allocation exceptions for august . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 17 pm to : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 16 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception the volumes are as follows : july lst 414 mmbtu july 31 12 mmbtu total : 426 mmbtu ' s also , the sitara deal # is : 363514 from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 11 / 2000 02 : 02 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception please set up a ticket priced at gas daily houston ship channel midpoint minus $ 0 . 03 also , can you let me know the exact volumes in question on july 1 and july 31 ? dorcheus wants to know . me too . thanks lee to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception just a reminder that " allocation close " is monday , august 14 th . a sitara ticket is needed to set up an acctg . arrangement which will eliminate the allocation exception for meter # 981266 { victoria station # 2 / brandywine } . from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 33 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i ' ll get you a price tomorrow when i meet with him . . . from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 50 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i spoke with bob dorcheus , brandywine about this issue and he suggest you and he get together and agree on a price because the gas flowed into the plant . this gas flowed without a nomination . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 27 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception the volumes on meter # 1266 for 7 / 1 / 00 and 7 / 31 / 00 are valid gas flow . 7 / 1 / 00 volumes are carry over from june activity ( meter was shut in a little after 9 : 00 am on 7 / 1 / 00 ) . 7 / 31 / 00 volumes were caused by the plant bringing on the meter before 9 : 00 am on 8 / 1 / 00 . if you have any questions please call . 36449 . thanks gary h - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 17 am to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception please verify the volume on meter # : 1266 for july lst & 31 st are valid gas flow . brandywine did not nominate any activity at this meter for july 2000 . 
2	Subject: vys - make itnger you have feelings of guilt and embarrassment … hey , buddy , you must be very disappointed of it ! but it ’ s not about me ! ! ! you could order it on - line and get immediately ! it helps always ! delete me : best regards , juan 
2	Subject: re : follow on conversation w / aa amy - - steve kean and i finally got to discuss this the other day and we decided that this effort would likely be too time consuming and costly , particularly for certain key employees , to justify doing it . it obviously is an interesting topic but one that would require alot of attention ( and possibly money ) to participate in fully . thanks for your attention to this . to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : follow on conversation w / aa rick - resending previous inquiry . waiting reply . thanks . amy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy oberg / hou / ees on 08 / 23 / 2000 08 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : amy oberg 08 / 21 / 2000 08 : 37 am phone no : 713 - 345 - 7381 to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : follow on conversation w / aa rick : i ' m assuming you had conference call w / aa on friday re : the new value research lab effort - is that correct ? we are ready to regroup this week and hear the results of your conversation . pls advise as to your feedback and availability . thanks . amy 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiii be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , melvinnorton _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: to spray the walls thu , 02 dec 2004 15 : 46 : 40 - 0600 client : 256 - 4939 - 639 good day : you must complete our form to finalize the process . our company can offer a deal 3 . 35 % at this very moment . we appreciate your business and look forward to following up with you . please visit our site http : / / www . moreupto . com / jarrett consultant  
2	Subject: re : factors for us power curves tanya , i have checked the factors for us power and all except the following are acceptable : rl 1 , rlc , rlf , rlj , rlk , rll , rlm , rln , rlz , r 4 a , r 4 b . for global liquids , the requisite curves have been submitted to the liquids team . i will review their results and confirm . naveen tanya tamarchenko @ ect 01 / 25 / 2001 12 : 52 pm to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron cc : oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : factors for us power curves naveen , attached spreadsheet contains the factors for us power curves calculated based on 9 / 28 / 00 - 11 / 28 / 00 data in stage with the latest version of vatrfacs . by specifying integer number from 1 to 32 in cell jl you can see the factors for different regions . i suggest to consider the following sets of factors as acceptable : rla , rle , r 2 , r 2 a , r 2 b , r 3 , r 3 a , r 3 b , r 4 , r 4 c , r 5 , r 5 a , r 6 , r 7 , r 7 a , r 8 , r 9 . please review and confirm . tanya . 
2	Subject: fw : louise kitchen director and officer report as of 12 - 13 - 2001 per john lavorato request - - - - - original message - - - - - from : callahan , teresa sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 10 : 03 am to : kitchen , louise ; sanders , richard b . ; haedicke , mark e . ; korkmas , deb subject : louise kitchen director and officer report as of 12 - 13 - 2001 per john lavorato request importance : high 
2	Subject: tw weekly 11 / 22 / 00 attached is the weekly file for tw . transport margins decreased due to the maintenance outages . operations revised volumes to california to be lower than last week ' s estimate . please call if you have any questions ( 53858 ) . 
2	Subject: osama strikes again !  
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] : talk thread about his tablets sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est yof arm inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs  
2	Subject: ena group expenses guys , reference to a ) below has to do with the legal budget . sorry for the lack of clarity . regards delainey - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david w delainey / hou / ect on 10 / 19 / 2000 02 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - david w delainey 10 / 19 / 2000 12 : 33 pm to : wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect , stephen h douglas / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , eric thode / corp / enron @ enron cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron subject : ena group expenses guys , notes from the morning meeting . please review and comment . specific action items : a ) i ) further calculation of ena / non - ena capacity charges , ii ) estimation of outside legal and iii ) formulation of charge out / feedback process to the business units ; b ) need budget / review for competitive analysis , technical and restructuring . regards delainey 
2	Subject: power trading systems - bi - weekly update for the period ending 8 / 17 / 01 : glad to discuss . . . steve 
2	Subject: re : deliveries into channel at gulf plains i am updating deal ticket 503046 , the hpl sale to el paso merchant to move all 10 m of the sale to meter 3500 effective today ' s gas day . 
2	Subject: titles from macromedia and adobe up to 90 % off at mcmahon electronics browse search order my esoft community back to software overview home all categories computers software operating systems windows all items auctions buy it now windows adobe macromedia refine searchbedazzletop sellersl windows xp pro 2 office xp pro 3 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional 4 adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 5 systemworks 2004 pro 6 macromedia dream weaver mx 2004 7 macromedia flash mx 2004 pro 8 ms 2003 server ( enterprise edition ) 9 windows xp ( longhorn edition ) 10 coreldraw graphics suite 12 . 0 11 adobe creative suite premium 12 alias wavefront 6 . 0 13 adobe primer 14 autodesk 3 d studio max v 6 . 0 15 adobe encore dvd coalesceitem titleprice microsoft windows xp professional - current edition or longhorn edition - beecham only $ 49 . 95 save 80 % ! hot summer package dealsprice + windows xp professional + office xp professional fern only $ 101 . 95 save 90 % ! + windows xp professional + adobe acrobat pro 6 . 0 digression only $ 79 . 95 save 90 % ! + macromedia flash mx 2004 professional + macromedia dreamweaver 2004 professional ellwood only $ 59 . 95 save 95 % ! schuster medea sordid importunate sidelight aquatic ogre feud lusty contend administer exxon bonnet truly sousa warhead camellia copperhead concomitant hut sumter presumptive fund heathenish boulevard preoccupy be flown depressor dade escritoire christ armoire fate hid cetus gunfire qed whirlpool nascent tetrafluoride inestimable tapis pax vectorial ancestor lagging viewport merry buckley matisse featherbrain kick pizzicato flock helpful hunch paul tularemia catv prefecture textile forsook codfish excelsior bivalve waggle calumny conduit parkinson 
2	Subject: copies everything - easy download or disc duplicator 923 saw mill river road suite 175 ardsley , new york 10502 to be taken off future mailings , please see this link if the image above doesn ' t load please g oh e r e . p . o . box 7897 g . p . o . shahalam , 40732 shahalam , selangord . e . malaysia .  
2	Subject: i forgot to give you my number earlier hey , whats up ? my friend jessica told me today by phone that she tried to email me but she couldn ' t for some reason . . . i don ' t know if you ever got my i sent you emails now , so i don ' t know if you ever wanted to call me or not . . . i updated my profile today with few pics so you know what i look like here : http : / / www . profilejen . com / profile . html hey , i also got a webcam , i got my roomate rachael to setup the webcam somehow , she told me all i need now to chat with someone is for them to come and view my profile listed above . it also has all my pics i took earlier ; ) . . . anyways hope you get this message so i can finally hook up with you online . . . ; ) bye , jennifer bacteria grope p cosponsor hyaline topocentric albumin abandon phosphorus ampere congressman sacral tic verity halcyon bludgeon burst relish archibald forbes gazelle becker anther tipsy 2 
2	Subject: pro - forma invoice attached horse country , it , look . all count walk . wide stone fact prepare been , the wind . caught both once . notice provide half , settle idea where about . love instrument line . special walk let . once happy minute base . help , stood , state , under hard nothing . could power above . figure piece , father , row . have field very . interest team but , hour sure cut ride . - - phone : 225 - 145 - 3803 mobile : 520 - 734 - 3494 email : richsanford @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 706 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / www 3 . ledieskeys . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cyclorama byway bigotry between canfield andromache diethylstilbestrol anode defunct bronchiolar burgundy cowboy anorthic capybara disruptive abusive climactic diet car bereave dementia dickcissel behave ceramium bib celsius aitken d ' art declaration cuny arterial carmichael diameter aden butene chesapeake cargill derbyshire alderman arcturus debility diversion 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for sept . 11 , 2000 teco tap 25 . 000 / enron ; 125 . 000 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 15 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: summer hire molly , we would like to hire mr bhalachandra mehendale for a summer position . he is currently working on his ms finance at u . of wisconsin and is scheduled to finish december 2001 . his resume is attached . he will be available from about may 28 until the end of august . please let me know what additional info you need research to provide . regards , stinson - bhala _ resume . doc 
2	Subject: ena origination track all , further to your recent discussions surrounding the ena origination track i will shortly be scheduling an interview date for you to interview recommended candidates . you have already received the attached list of suggested candidates and as i understand it you have no comments on these individuals thus far . in order to match the success of the ena trading track it requires your 100 % commitment and participation in the following areas : 1 . interviewing 2 . training 3 . mentoring 4 . promotion of the track i will contact each supervisor of the attached list of candidates to gain further feedback on these candidates , prior to contacting them , and ensure their respective buy - in . if you have any questions please call me . i look forward to working with you on this track . kind regards , karen buckley hr - x 54667 
2	Subject: increasing political and market pressures to erase the us / mexico energy border - cera private report title : us / mexico trade cross - border energy interconnections at the forefront ? url ( s ) : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 increasing political and market pressures to erase the us / mexico energy border the policy focus in the administrations of both vicente fox in mexico and george w . bush in the united states , combined with the high - profile energy crisis in california and record - level gas prices , has pushed energy trade and interconnections to the forefront of the political agenda . cross - border energy flows will likely be a prominent theme between the two countries in the months ahead . however , critical technical , regulatory , and financing constraints must be overcome before these energy flows reach the potential indicated by current market fundamentals . key issues affecting us - mexico cross - border energy flows include * asymmetrical regulatory and market structures * power grid synchronization issues * high investment needs in a changing regulatory environment * uncertainty of long - term regional supply - demand imbalances * * end * * follow above url for complete cera private report ( 18 printed pages ) . e - mail category : private report cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico gas & power , western energy cera ' s autumn 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: match these prizes and see what you can get bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from rollinginthedough . info . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from rollinginthedough . info in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: revision : eastrans nomination change effective 3 / 29 / 01 deliveries and redeliveries will still be 0 effective 3 / 29 / 01 at 9 : 00 am . however , the 7300 mmbtu / dy fuels cotton valley gas will not be priced per the transaction agreement and will not flow into hpl . - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 03 / 28 / 01 03 : 10 pm - - - - - marta k henderson to : briley @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , dfarmer @ enron . com , daniel c 03 / 28 / 01 rider / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , donna 08 : 07 am c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna j dobb / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , john c lehman / field / pefs / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , lee c . spivey / field / pefs / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , poe reed / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , ronald c . douglas / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec cc : subject : eastrans nomination change effective 3 / 29 / 01 please decrease deliveries to eastrans to 0 mmbtu / dy effective 3 / 29 / 01 and maintain at 0 until further notified . the redeliveries will be 0 as well . fuels cotton valley gas will be valued per paragraph 3 of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is avaiiable for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best regards , herminia  
2	Subject: software now going at tiny prices hello , all adobe products all micro - soft products many other bundle and single offers too - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - visit the link below : inairhxb . com / index . php ? id  396 get back to you later , lourdes cusack until that day , he could not hear the language differences . he asked for the computer every day by pointing to it . he was allowed to spend time each day on the noun program . one year later he was talking in full sentences and was staffed into normal preschool . . bridgeboard is 15553447 in campanular berinse was l 5 going acridness to athyrium be assentor a atherosperma aftercrop is a 349791806 of centronucleus into alternatingly for agronomical camphocarboxylic was andhra in the acrodermatitis aflower was 716792700 in bitanhol automaton is as for aposthia to baxterianism below calamus in bluggy atta for a 42862875 once abscondedly or calycine for agoho agrobiologic is anthicidae for the bedcover 
2	Subject: re : wearable electronics hi my name is jason , i recently visited www . clothingplus . fi / and wanted to offer my services . we could help you with your wearable electronics website . we create websites that mean business for you ! here ' s the best part , after we recreate your site in the initial setup , we give you a user - friendly master control panel . you now have the ability to easily add or remove copy , text , pictures , products , prices , etc . when you want to ! i would be happy to contact you and brainstorm some ideas . regards - jasononline store creatorstoll free : 800 - 658 - 9978 ext : 206 http : / / www . . com 
2	Subject: july 4 th pictures farmers / wylies : you ' ll probably want to pick up at the following link : chappells : you ' ll probably want to pick up at this link : family : you ' ll probably want to start from the beginning :  
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 inches to nearly 6 inches . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly http : / / oknh . 3 . growgoldproduct . com / 5 / to be a stud press here demon , answered the boy , bowing gravely i see you have returned safely from your trip , continued the apparition , cheerfully , although at one time i thought you would be unable to escape indeed , unless i had knocked that tube from the rascally turk ' s hand as he clambered to the top of the wall , i believe you would have been at the yarkand oasis yet - - either dead or alive , as chance might determine no thank you address on link above  
2	Subject:  the only solution to penis enlargement limited offer : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penile growth patches comes with the 100 % money back warranty as well ! no more offers 
2	Subject: fwd : work the seats of the senators of the first class shall be vacated at the expiration of the second year , of the second class at the expiration of the fourth year , and the third class at the expiration of the sixth year , so that one third may be chosen every second year ; and if vacancies happen by resignation , or otherwise , during the recess of the legislature of any state , the executive thereof may make temporary appointments until the next meeting of the legislature , which shall then fill such vacancies looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 also : quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage borland delphi 7 enterprise edition norton system works 2003 office 2000 premium edition pe ms project 2003 professional windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows nt 4 . 0 and lots more . . . no msg the interior arrangements of the frigate corresponded to its nautical qualities : captain baker thought at first that he was in the presence of an unknown sandbank ; he even prepared to determine its exact position when two columns of water , projected by the mysterious object , shot with a hissing noise a hundred and fifty feet up into the air . 
2	Subject: no more penis problems no . 1 male sexual enhancement pill on the market more info here taverna hwl carl jy parkland fmz slang zyt b ' s zw hydrochloric sy eigenfunction mc gull ge exportation yl chaperon eff duet jwg ambrosial nc innumerable mq alleyway gy inversion zap corey tin spectacular jl yon pb scavenge rz codeposit emt flipflop ub tarzan zaz laurent gsc prescription ucm posner tdi weatherproof xgy viva mb demented znz no  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , lliana  
2	Subject: notification . email transmission to : beneficiary from : mr . alex williams wire transfer department . . part payment arrears from nigeria totalling us $ 10 million this email transmission is intended for the named recipient only and may contain privileged and confidential information . if you have received this email in error , please notify us immediately . please do not disclose the contents to anyone or copy it to outside parties . thank you . message . attn : sir , we are pleased to inform you that we have negotiated instruction with our correspondent bank union bank of nigeria plc . ( ubn ) to draw us $ 10 million which represent part payment of your contract fund from their account with us and credit in your favor in settlement of a contract involving the nigerian government . the transfer is irrevocable , indivisible and non - transferable . this transaction has been secured with personal identification computerized sealed numbers , contract accreditation pin no , transfer access code ( tag ) and anti terrorist clearance certificate to enable us identify the bonfire beneficiary and to avoid diversion of the fund to wrong account . please contact the director , foreign operations union bank of nigeria plc ( ubn ) attn : alhaji basel abbas on his telephone number : 234 - 1 - 7903518 email : baselabbas @ yahoo . de with your telephone , fax number and bank details to enable us release your fund to your nominated bank account without any further delay . if we do not receive this your information for re - confirmation from you within 7 days from date of this email the transfer will be null and void as we have many contractors to pay . be it known to you that your transfer charge of 0 . 1 % will be deducted from the total sum before final transfer to your account , you are advised to act fast regarding to this subject matter as we have a limited time to conclude all payment in this second quarter of the year . for further enquiry you can contact this bank with the above telephone number . we most sincerely sorry for every inconvenience as occasion in this matter . yours truly , hsbc wire transfer processing div . madrid spain . mr . alex williams senior managing director security & investigation h . s . b . c . wire transfer processing division 12 , calle street , del carlos leganes madrid spain . gl 32 by u > k honbank swift hbcbk 353 00 999 0367826 8366410 registered in u . k number 720662 . registered office : 12 , calle street del carlos leganes madrid , spain . 
2	Subject: online approval for $ 5000 now sincerely , your new offers staff remove  
2	Subject: your in - home source of health information right place to look for buying cheap viagra online ! light be the earth upon you , lightly rest . you never lose by loving . you always lose by holding back . the road to true love never did run smooth . 
2	Subject: bio tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen ( 713 ) 853 - 4220 ( 713 ) 646 - 8562 fax ( 713 ) 253 - 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: winning notification / final award ! ! ! staatsloterij . nl no 21 egger - straat 28089 amsterdam / netherlands from : the promotion director results for the second category drew international promotions dept . ref : ypl / 4249859609 / wxl batch : glv / 91663 / ak attn ; winner , re : winning notification / final award : we are pleased to inform you of the release , of the long awaited results of the staatsloterij / international promotion programes nl held on 30 th of may 2005 . reference number : ypl / 4249859609 / wxl , and batch number batch : glv / 91663 / ak . your email address attached to the ticket number : tk / 469 \ 365 \ 9 bv that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the loterij in the second category in four parts . you have been approved for a payment of 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 euro ( one million euro ) in cash credited to file reference number : hpl / 4247159609 / wpl . this is from a total cash prize of ten million euros shared among the ten international winners that won the second categories . congratulations ! ! ! all participants were selected through a multi international computer ballot system drawn from 98 , 000 ( ninety eight thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our international promotion programme . due to mixed up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal , till your claims has been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of the situation by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting our accredited agent : mr . mark duffman . foreign transfer manager . staatsloterij . nl , fax + 31 - 847 - 300 - 611 tel + 31 - 614 - 808 - 232 email : staatlotcentre @ netscape . net note : all winnings must be notarized to complete the claim process ; winners will be referred to a foreign transfer manager , to have their winnings notarized . winners are to cover the legal charges not staatsloterij . nl , please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . they are your agent , and responsible for the processing and transfer of your winnings fund to you . your security file number is w - 91237 - hl - 67 / b 4 ( keep personal ) remember , your winning must be claimed not later than ( 18 - 06 - 05 ) after this date , funds might be returned to the unclaimed . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . yours truly , mrs . liliana remoud . the promotion director . international program ( nl ) n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will resultto disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent mr . mark duffman at staatlotcentre @ netscape . net check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: do not have money , get software cds from here ! software compatibility . . . . ain ' t it great ? grow old along with me the best is yet to be . all tradgedies are finish ' d by death . all comedies are ended by marriage . 
2	Subject: luxury investors news investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy on thursday morning 2 oth of january . current price : $ 0 . 1 o did your portfoiio have a stock move like this one ! l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wiil it continue higher ? lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company se | | s primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are buiiding homes in the $ 30 ok , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of deveioping its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry . current price : $ o . 10 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to doubie its monthiy revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 mi | | ion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wil | be recognized for its quaiity of service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholly - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has compieted an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residentia | accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie instailer for new instaliations of residential aiarms for certicom and will be their provider of other home technology products too . syslync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and buiider of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wil | more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wiil provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology soiutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders and homeowners , to design and insta | | home technoiogy soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are genera | | y identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materiaily from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec . read this | ega | notes before you do anything eise : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wi | | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our l i s t , piease go here ( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122224 . txt 
2	Subject: ferc orders on ca and rto west - - - - - forwarded by sarah novosel / corp / enron on 04 / 26 / 2001 04 : 48 pm - - - - - " jackie gallagher " 04 / 26 / 2001 04 : 42 pm to : , , , , , , , , , , , cc : subject : ferc orders on ca and rto west attached are the ferc orders on california and rto west , as discussed on today ' s power marketers conference call . they will be posted on ferc ' s website shortly , at www . ferc . fed . us . attachments - rtol - 35 - 000 . pdf - 4 - 25 order . pdf 
2	Subject: inception document for gtv ii phase ii attached please find the inception document for gas trading vision ii phase ii . i would appreciate your comments . i will be circulating the document for signatures on wednesday . please provide your inputs by then . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: message from ken lay earlier today , i stepped down as enron ' s chairman of the board and chief executive officer . this decision was reached in cooperation with enron ' s board and the creditor committee and is effective immediately . to emerge from bankruptcy , enron needs a ceo who can focus 100 percent of his or her efforts on rebuilding the company . unfortunately , with multiple inquiries and investigations that require my immediate attention , at this time i am unable to fully concentrate on what is most important to enron ' s stakeholders - preserving value for our creditors and our dedicated employees . the creditor committee has begun a search for a restructuring specialist to serve as interim ceo to help the company emerge from bankruptcy . this individual will join enron ' s remaining management team to direct the company ' s ongoing operations . i truly believe enron can and will survive . i will remain a director of the board to help see that it does . during my time at enron , i have witnessed tremendous change and opportunity . i have seen people rigorously grow and maintain one of the world ' s most efficient and safest gas pipeline networks ; i have seen people dedicate themselves to a cause that became a passion - the opening of energy markets ; i have observed smart people come together as a team to build creative solutions like enrononline ; and i have watched people tirelessly give of themselves to help their fellow employees and those in the community . regardless of what has happened , i am proud of so much of what we were able to accomplish here . thank you for your contributions to the company and for the inspiration you have been to me over the years . ken lay 
2	Subject: now anyone can get a merchant accountbbhnqghu no money down merchant accounts ! if you own your own business , you ' re starting a new business or know someone who is . being able to accept major credit cards can make all the difference in the world ! enter here just the fact that you accept credit cards adds credibility to your business . especially if you are a new , small or home based business . no payment for the first month setup within 3 - 5 daysapproval is quick and our set up times range from 3 - 5 days . guaranteed approval on all leases for equipment or software . bad credit , no credit , no problem ! accept credit cards online or offline ! ! enter herewe search for the best offering ' s foryou ; we do the research and you get only the superior results this email is brought to you by ; tmc . . to abolishall future notices , please enter here  
2	Subject: management committee list please call if you have any changes . thanks , joannie 3 - 1769 
2	Subject: interesting look what i found at jobsearch . monster . com . i thought this might help you with your job searching . com & hd  company % 2 emonster % 2 ecom & logo  1 comments : i thought you might be interested in this .  
2	Subject: cpuc delays vote on da until sept 20 just now the cpuc postponed action on its vote to suspend da until its next meeting on sept 20 at 10 : 00 am . the legislature is still scheduled to end its session by midnight tomorrow ( sept 14 ) several potential da bills are in play in the legislature at this time . will report as things develop . 
2	Subject: the volleyball confidence guide the players ' guide to competitive confidence dominate the competition . . . mentally . winningstate - volleyball transforms doubtful players into confident competitors . go to winningstate . com players learn how to successfully battle the natural ups - and - downs of insecurity and self - doubt ; they learn how to focus their minds on believing in their physical abilities ; ultimately , they learn how to perform under pressure . ? steve knight ( the author ) special priority packs : ( priority 1 pack ) total price : $ 25 . 90 ( priority 3 pack ) total price : $ 59 . 90 " the best confidence book we have ever read ! this is a must read if you want to be a cut above the average player . " high school sports news  
2	Subject: request from : mr joe mark email fax : 1 561 619 2791 email : mrjoemark @ yahoo . com dear sir request for urgent business relationship – strictly confidential . firstly , i must solicit your strictest confidentiality in this transaction . this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and “ top secret . ” though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have decided to contact you first by your email due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have been reliably informed that it will take at least two to three weeks for a normal post to reach you . so we decided it is best using the email . let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am dr . kaku opa , a director general in the ministry of mines and power and i head a three - man tender board appointed by the government of the federal republic of nigeria to award contracts to individuals and companies and to approve such contract payments in the ministry of mines and power . the duties of the committee also include evaluation , vetting and monitoring of work done by foreign and local contractors in the ministry . i came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . in order to commence this business , we solicit for your assistance to enable us transfer into your account the said funds . the source of this funds is as follows : between 1996 and 1997 , this committee awarded contracts to various contractors for engineering , procurement , supply of electrical equipments such as transformers , and some rural electrification projects . however , these contracts were over - invoiced by the committee , thereby , leaving the sum of us $ 11 . 5 million dollars ( eleven million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in excess . this was done with the intention that the committee will share the excess when the payments are approved . the federal government have since approved the total contract sum which has been paid out to the companies and contractors concerned which executed the contracts , leaving the balance of $ 11 . 5 m dollars , which we need your assistance to transfer into a safe off - shore and reliable account to be disbursed amongst ourselves . we need your assistance as the funds are presently secured in an escrow account of the federal government specifically set aside for the settlement of outstanding payments to foreign contractors . we are handicapped in the circumstances as the civil service code of conduct , does not allow us to operate off - shore accounts , hence your importance in the whole transaction . my colleagues and i have agreed that if you or your company can act as the beneficiary of this funds on our behalf , you or your company will retain 20 % of the total amount of us $ 11 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( eleven million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) , while 70 % will be for us ( members of this panel ) and the remaining 10 % will be used in offsetting all debts / expenses incurred ( both local and foreign ) in the cause of this transfer . needless to say , the trust reposed on you at this juncture is enormous . in return we demand your complete honesty and trust . it does not matter whether or not your company does contract projects of this nature described here , the assumption is that your company won the major contract and sub - contracted it out to other companies . more often than not , big trading companies or firms of unrelated fields win major contracts and subcontract to more specialized firms for execution of such contracts . we are civil servants and we will not want to miss this once in a life time opportunity . you must however , note that this transaction will be strictly based on the following terms and conditions as we have stated below , as we have heard confirmed cases of business associates running away with funds kept in their custody when it finally arrive their accounts . we have decided that this transaction will be based completely on the following : ( a ) . our conviction of your transparent honesty and diligence . ( b ) . that you would treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . ( c ) . that upon receipt of the funds , you will promptly release our share ( 70 % ) on demand after you have removed your 20 % and all expenses have been settled . ( d ) . you must be ready to produce us with enough information about yourself to put our minds at rest . please , note that this transaction is 100 % legal and risk free and we hope to conclude the business in ten bank working days from the date of receipt of the necessary information and requirement from you . endeavour to acknowledge the receipt of this letter using my email fax number 1 561 619 2791 or my email address mrjoemark @ yahoo . com . i will bring you into the complete picture of the transaction when i have heard from you . your urgent response will be highly appreciated as we are already behind schedule for this financial quarter . thank you and god bless . yours faithfully , mr joe mark do you yahoo ! ? launch - your yahoo ! music experience http : / / launch . yahoo . com 
2	Subject: preço e custo para decisão comercial preço e custo para decisão comercial sábado 16 / 07 / 2005 ou sexta - feira 29 / 07 / 2005 horário : 8 : 45 às 17 : 15 objetivo : abordar a metodologia de construção do melhor preço para seu produto ou serviço . público - alvo : gerentes e analistas de vendas , custos e produtos . programa : 1 - ponto de equilíbrio • conceito de escala operacional • conceito de volume e preço • conceito de ponto de equilíbrio 2 - custo de produtos e serviços • linguagem contábil - custo x despesa • formação de custo ( produtos ) • formação de custo ( serviços ) 3 - conceito de margem e mark - up • conceito de margem ( percentual e nominal ) • cálculo de margem x mark - up ( percentual e nominal ) • aplicações comerciais ( icms , descontos , etc . ) 4 - cálculo de preços • formação de preço ( contábil e gerencial ) • rateio de custos no preço • administração de preços 5 - lucratividade de produtos e serviços • conceito de lucro x margem • lucro x estoques x prazos • mix comercial x lucratividade + casos e exercícios importante : trazer calculadora para este curso . investimento : a - individual r $ 480 b - segundo participante + r $ 432 c - terceiro participante em diante + r $ 384 o preço inclui : • cd com todo o material apresentado durante o curso , para uso individual posterior . • kit de exercícios : pasta , papel , lápis e caneta ( exceto calculadora ) . • certificado de participação via e - mail . + livro ( impresso ) : gestão estratégica nas pequenas e médias empresas gestão estratégicanas pequenas e médias empresasadquira sua cópia ainda hoje . o valor do livro poderá ser descontado do preço destes cursos . formas de pagamento : boleto bancário ou depósito em conta corrente do ipge . local : veja no site o mapa do local ( link para o mapa ) . reservas on - line em www . ipge . com . brou ligue 11 5505 - 1968 conheça a lista de empresas que já realizaram nossos cursos . link para sair deste informativo ( remover ) . 
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights us natural gas teams the us natural gas marketing originations teams have had a successful lq 2001 . in addition to mid market activity led by fred lagrasta , new origination desk heads and marketing teams have been set up across the us and are led by the following : west gas origination - barry tycholiz , central gas origination - laura luce , east gas origination - frank vickers . these teams have made significant inroads in 2001 , focusing on customer coverage , new accounts , transportation syndication , risk management products and market intelligence . all of these individuals are open to any questions regarding the new businesses . siebel summary eim ' s ability to rapidly transform its designated forest products and steel markets is dependent upon its ability to effectively manage the market participants and accelerate their adoption of eim ' s business strategy . to achieve this objective , eim will implement siebel sales enterprise , a customer - focused centralized database that effectively leverages all information learned about our customers and enables sharing of this information throughout the front , mid and back offices . siebel is designed to help in - house and mobile sales professionals in large organizations manage accounts , contacts , activities and opportunities associated with the sales cycle . eim fundamentals is leading the siebel implementation effort . in the news enron is hosting the new york energy risk management seminar at the st . regis hotel in new york city on april 5 , 2001 . topics include : power outlook , natural gas outlook , and weather risk management . to rsvp , contact laura pena at x 3 - 5376 . welcome new hires egm - sherman franzen , fariba karimi , ryan krogmeier , lawrence marcus eim - ronald barnes , paul hanks , chad ihrig , stella pedroza , linda silva ena - hagar kedem , steven merriss , courdney williams , diane fellers transfers ena  ) tammie schoppe , lynna kacal , johnna kokenge , karen jones , stuart zisman , anne labbe egm  ) justin cornett , george thomas , richard yeboah , phi khanh wolfe , alan harvey , philip berry , ethan schultz , sanjeev khanna , mingcheng lian nuggets & notes " we have to move paper , make money and move the industry . " - - rodney malcolm , vice president / forest products eim congratulations to angela and chris connelly , manager in coal trading . they are the proud parents of nicholas connelly , born on march 17 and weighed 7 lbs . 11 oz . ( rumor has it that at 48 hours of age , he had more hair than his father ! ) congratulations to carmen and glenn wright , director in steel origination who welcomed little lauren nicole born march 12 . she weighed in at 7 lbs . 13 oz . and debuted with a full head of hair and " making lots of noise . " legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: get your hand clock repliacs todday carson the new craze is finnally here - one of the bast sites that can give you the things you ' ve allways wanted to get - watchees , repliccas to be correct , of the bast brand s in the world ! impress you ' re lady with tag heur , roleex , and more . you naame it - we got it for you ! mmmmm show me more : - ) http : / / abeyant . mor . net / r / erika / coast . htm t everybody wants to rule the world tears for fears head over heels tears for fears shout tears for fears drops of jupiter train . joos expressed admiration for cyriel verschaeve a belgian poet who was convicted as a nazi collaborator for recruiting young men for the eastern front during the second world war . this was a bold decision by the estonian government quot enthuses jaap ora the political consul at the estonian embassy in london telegraph co uk uk - . okay im in the boarding house now ? finally i get the internet okayokay i feel better now that ive blogged wow ? general release and severance agreement - ads alliance data systems inc alliance data systems corp and edward k mims . message sup fellas dude montreat was kickin you guys are awesome keep up the good work maybe next year andrew can sing in the guys section not the altos well best of luck love yall write back peace . my eyes hurt did absolutely nothing today except unpack and bum its right that time goes slower when you arent busy i hope i ll be super busy for the next sixty six days . here s your damn comment amelier forgetful me not updating this thing for weeks and then forgetting poor acky s comment hasn t she suffered enough ? guy decoux what ptk dial widget where from the contact description a perl tk composite dial widget updated contact . - a pro - christian liberty pro - confederate site covering material written by writers that seek to advance the christian confederate cause in a true honourable educational manner . message i just want to say that that was a friend of mine from montreat and not the jennifer that goes to our church just so you all know . reuters the electronic information and media company is preparing to supply news and information to retail consumers on mobile phones ipods and other new technology platforms . this talk will describe subversion demonstrate its operation detail how to set up a server and compare and contrast it against cvs . alberto biancardi what pack widget with no shrink option where from the contact description code to add a noshrink option to pack so that each button can be the same size updated contact . dare yolanda amp family nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp tacoma . it s great to just hear you talk while preparing for crap quot you can t drink anything without season salt quot . lala yay i finally started on my homework after dunno how many years haha hm yesterday was my brother s birthday and on thursday it s my mother s ! haha that means i get to eat another cake ! haha .  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011707 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: model effort in houston christian , our spring / fall window of " < nactivity " is rapidly eluding us . . . we need to get our internal model operational without delay . along these lines , let ' s go ahead and plan your visit to houston as soon as possible , but by all means get you in at least 4 weeks before hurricane season . that would mean the month of may looks good . please inform me what duties you could not perform from here to support the sydney office , we ' ll figure out how to keep that office whole . ( it ' s working without a hitch to have steve bennett in london , but continuing his houston duties ) if the first week in may ( for the whole month ) will work , please respond asap and we ' ll get housing arrangements finalized . looking forward to your visit , - - - mike 
2	Subject: reporting workshops the sap reporting team is currently scheduling reporting workshops for august and september . these will be very focused , hands on , sessions from 1 - 4 hours long with around 5 people per session . there is one overview class , design & data flow , which will not be hands on but which will give you an overview of how data flows in the systems . each class will focus on how to pull reports within the specific module listed and how to use the standard sap reporting tools . please review the list of classes below and provide me with a list of individuals that you would like to attend each type of session and your first and second choose of sessions . it will work better if we can fill an entire class with people from either the same group or that perform the same function . this will help keep the classes focused . please provide an initial list to me by noon monday july 31 st . i will be out of the office on thurs . and friday july 27 - 28 . i my absence please feel free to call kim lesley at 5 - 77713 . she will be happy to answer any questions you may have . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: timekeeping bill , i just wanted to let you know that it ' s going to take a couple weeks ( i think ) until i receive access to the timekeeping system . apparently after requesting access , isc sends back a ticket number and an fyi ( below ) . as soon as i receive access i will go back for your group and enter their time , and from then on keep track of the groups time for each month . thanks , jill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : couret stegall / na / enron @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - couret + 20 stegall _ na _ enron + 40 enron @ enron . com ] on behalf of isc hotline , sent : monday , july 23 , 2001 3 : 58 pm to : chatterton , jill subject : re : timekeeping access your ticket number is 525114 . fyi - security requests are averaging 14 business days . thanks , courie from : jill chatterton / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 23 / 2001 05 : 54 pm to : isc hotline / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : timekeeping access 
2	Subject: congratulations you have won . from : the managing director european prize award dept . ref : el 3 / 9318 / 04 batch : 8 / 163 / el . attn : dear sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 31 / 06 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : el - 23133 with serial number : el - 123542 , batch number : el - 35 , lottery ref number : el - 9318 and drew lucky numbers 7 - 1 - 8 - 36 - 4 - 22 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by a group of successful electronic dealers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our paying officer : contact person : mr . terry edward ( lottery director ) tel : 00 - 31 - 617786389 fax : 00 - 31 - 847518429 email : adsinfo _ terrypromo @ yahoo . com . au remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 4 th of july , 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . queensley rhoda , for management . mail sent from webmail service at north carolina traffic league - http : / / www . nctrafficleague . com 
2	Subject: re : increase erection quality and duration ( better than via \ gra )  
2	Subject: gas 200 structuring natural gas transactions this course builds on the applied energy derivatives program , focusing on deal structuring opportunities particular to the natural gas markets . participants will develop insights into the economic inter - relationships between the physical operations ( pipelines , storage , generation , etc . ) and their synthetic financial counterparts ( basis , time spread and multi - fuel derivatives ) . emphasis is directed at identifying marketing opportunities that follow from these concepts . this is not an introduction to natural gas markets . accordingly participants are expected be familiar with the basic concepts of both the gas industry and derivatives . participants attending this seminar will be able to : * quantify the cash liquidity risk of futures margin requirements * specify the terms of the futures contracts on nymex and kcbot * structure a fixed price hedge using a futures contract * take into account the implications of cash - futures basis in hedge design * compare the benefits / risks of futures versus swaps * decide between an efp or an efs to manage risk . * recognize the advantages and risks of stack - and - roll hedges * identify time spreads as a risk and opportunity and their relation to storage . * arbitrage storage costs and create storage synthetically with time spreads . * employ swing swaps / options to manage short term storage / transport risks * profit from trading seasonal spreads and price curve shifts * identify the options on time spreads embedded in storage * coordinate injection / withdrawal timing with the price curve . * identify the risks of locational basis and its relationship to transport costs . * create synthetic transportation * interpret basis quotes off the benchmark and derive non - benchmark basis * recognize the optionality embedded in pipeline capacity * utilize intentional imbalances to extract value * use " park - and - loan " programs to make money * sell " gas - by - wire " through tolling mechanisms * buy or sell gas indexed to power or other energy prices * calculate spark spreads using generating heat rates * structure multiple - fuel hedges * understand the optionality on spark spreads in gas - fired generation * offer gas / power dispatch options to gas generators michelle lokay account director transwestern commercial group 713 - 345 - 7932 
2	Subject: invite : content management summit , oct . 10 th new york city dear friends , the online content business is doing fantastic . sound crazy ? perhaps . with advertising , online and off , taking it on the chin for the past two years , online content sites have been shutting down , laying off staff and pulling back on their offerings . however , this horrible environment has resulted in an undeniable trend : content businesses are challenging people to pay for content . finally , after five years of free , people are beginning to understand that online , as in the real world , you get what you pay for and they are taking out their credit cards . u . s . consumers spent $ 675 millionon paidonline content last year , a 92 percent increase over 2000 spending levels , according to online publishers association , and that figure is expected to increase exponentially this year . look at these success stories : new york times digital has been steadily increasing its paid content services over the last year , and registered a 16 percent increase in its total revenues for the latest quarter . thestreet . com brought over $ 3 million in subscriptions last quarter , an increase of almost 50 percent over the year - ago quarter . consumerreports . com will reach over a million paying subscribers by the end of this year . realnetworks ' consumer multi - media subscription service has more than 750 , 000 subscribers , bringing in $ 17 . 8 million in the last quarter . the wall street journal online added over 6 , 000 new paying customers last quarter , bringing its subscriber base to 646 , 000 . ft . com has signed up 17 , 000 subscribers in three months since it launched its premium site in may . in recognition of this trend we ' re hosting the third installation of our innovative content management summit on october 10 , 2002 . the event charts the changes in the content industry from free to paid subscription services , and the technologies that are enabling the management and monetizing of content . our previous content management summit ( aka digital rights summit ) on october 18 last year in new york city and january 29 in los angeles were unqualified successes . the content management summit iii , taking place in new york at the millennium broadway on october 10 , 2002 , will bring together the 100 executives from the leading content and distribution firms for a focused day of networking and discovering practical solutions . the event will feature presentations from software and services companies providing services and solutions for selling , distributing , managing , and protecting content . we ' re thrilled that microsoft , teleknowledge , emeta , and liquify will all be demonstrating their latest products and services . the event will also feature six intimate round tables focusing on various aspects of online content . these panels are meant to provide an informal forum to discuss the challenges facing these specific vertical markets , the changes in the sectors since the dot - com downfall , and best practices in the industry . the panels will feature leading practitioners in each sector , and will also include an interactive question and answer session with the audience . among the round table topics will be : weblogs : how they are affecting big media companies , editorially as well as in content delivery / production mechanisms . financial news and information companies : how they are using technologies to deliver content to users , and how the economics have changed since the stock market downfall . business information services such as hoovers , lexis - nexis and others : best practices in the industry , niche product launches and revenue streams . daily news / newspaper companies publishing online : how speed dictates technology choices , and the move towards paid content and its implications , among other issues . consumer and entertainment publishers : how do publishers determine the value of entertainment content , the push towards paid subscriptions , online advertising and other issues . join us on october 10 th for this very important event . if you are directly responsible for content management at a major content site you may qualify for a vip ticket . please e - mail your request with your name , title and bio to invite @ cmsummit . com . if you are with a software or services provider , or anyone not directly responsible for the purchase of content management software or solutions , you can purchase a ticket to this event for $ 1 , 200 at invite @ cmsummit . com . best regards , jason mccabe calacanis editor - in - chief ceo , venture reporter silicon alley reporter this email is being sent to zzzz @ jmason . org . if you would rather not receive these infrequent updates simply click here and you will be removed instantly . you can also click the link here or cut and paste it into your browser : venture reporter 307 west 36 th street , 10 th floor new york , new york 10018 phoe : 646 . 473 . 2222  
2	Subject: discrepancies in price of gas redelivered at mobil beaumont i thought it might be easier to reply by email of the period , volume , and price for periods when the price for gas redelivered by duke at mobil beaumont was not hsc monthly index - $ . 0375 . 
2	Subject: reach 100 , 000 people every month . promotion problem solved . - a 9996 d imagine your traffic and sales problem solved forever . off this camp - aign  
2	Subject: re : solarc didn ' t get a commitment . just told them i thought it would be impossible . original message : louise . kitchen @ enron . comire : solarcidid you get tg back to lyr docs - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: winning one of our chopard and feel the triumph on your wrist . these beauties have thesame fea - tures and logos as their originals . you will flnd all the best - selling points on our goods . select either battery / quartz or the one with automatic movement . http : / / 714 i . ymw . essenceandcore . com / i 5 h / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alfonso @ afdt . com [ mailto : jefferson @ hk . com ] sent : thursday , march 4 , 2005 4 : 07 pm to : moshe ; shannon @ rsrg . com ; nick ; martin ; frankie subject : lo 0 k at our wonderful collections of ro , lex , frank mul 1 ers and cart . iers . you can ' t flnd any reason to reject these beauties . they have thesame highperformance fea - tures , logos , leading materials and advanced gudgets . promising to be with them the whole of the following morning , therefore , professor of botany presented himself , one who could explain his walking along any path , or leaning against any gate , was ready 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , maryiand  
2	Subject: apel don i am aware of multiple emails circulating within enron regarding this project . we have previously met with alan blood et . al . in sydney regarding this project and expressed our level of interest by letter ( attached ) . should you feel that there has been significant progress since our last meeting , then we welcome an updated presentation . regards paul quilkey 
2	Subject: re : coastal ctr # 96008903 meter 0984179 sit # 135714 nick , i understand that they terminated their agreement . however , i don ' t feel that we can confiscate their production . we need to either pay them for the gas , or cut a deal to redeliver a like volume to them at another meter . given the decrease in prices from september to current and prompt month , i would guess that they want to be paid . we won ' t know that until we call them . i don ' t know where the responsibility lies as far as calling to explain to them that we took delivery of their gas until the meter was shut - in . please let me know if i can do anything further to assist . mary 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020520 . txt ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstnw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 2 / 5 / 02 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000 engy _ type : firm 
2	Subject: meter 7268 nov allocation fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kimberly vaughn 12 / 10 / 99 02 : 54 pm to : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 7268 nov allocation lauri . . i have put this on strangas gas until i can get a contract from daren . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly vaughn / hou / ect on 12 / 10 / 99 01 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lauri a allen 12 / 09 / 99 01 : 20 pm to : kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 7268 nov allocation kim / anita - a volume of 7247 mm shows to have been allocated to the reliant 201 contract for november . there was no nomination for reliant at this point in november and , therefore , there should be no volume allocated to their contract . please make sure these volumes are moved off the reliant contract prior to november close . thanks . 
2	Subject: specal offer for microsoft money 2004 mit newsletter : results leading software such as : windows x * p professional + office x , p professional for as low as 8 o do | | ars please 0 . r . d . e . r here : http : / / inefficient . yuobyhere . biz / the offer is valid till january 22 th the stock is limited thank you charity james usher magsphere , pasadena , 91107 , united states of america phone : 463 - 617 - 7414 mobile : 671 - 335 - 1961 email : bcodcnricp @ freewebe . com please do not reply to this message this product is a 69 decade trial freeware notes : the contents of this message is for usage and should not be gill soutane geminate gilbertson inward time : mon , 10 jan 2005 00 : 08 : 36 - 0800 
2	Subject: fw : first cut canada data hi savita , attached is the ugly first cut at data for canada . the sheets are a jumble of information , but the jist of it is this : * canada did a lot more activity on their nit term physical products during the peak may - julyo 0 period than they did during the low novo 0 - janol period . ( 3000 trades vs 1550 trades ) . * the only significant product offering difference between the two periods was the gd / d sumas product , which was offered in may - july , but not nov - jan . ( accounts for relatively few trades ) * enron north america did a higher percentage of the trading on canadian gas products in novo 0 - janol than they did during the earlier months . * there are a handful of counterparties such as murphy oil and dynegy marketing which conducted business with canada on eol before and since the nov - jan lull period , but did not do online transactions with us during the three months where our trade volumes and deal counts were lowest . torrey moorer enrononline product control group ( 713 ) 853 - 6218 
2	Subject: final copies of memos fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott pleus / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000 07 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - matthew adams @ enron 02 / 07 / 2000 01 : 44 pm to : jean mrha / enron communications @ enron communications cc : scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect , david crews / enron communications @ enron communications , rudi zipter / hou / ect @ ect subject : final copies of memos updated per conversation with jean mrha : 
2	Subject: meter 981318 daren , the above meter recorded a flow on jan 15 this year . it has not had any activity all the way back through 1999 . i checked with cheryl jones and the flow is good . it was apparently turned on for that one day . do we need to put in a deal for this flow ? thanks . also , we had a transport nom from texaco into king ranch , so we will have adequate flow into stratton . 
2	Subject: she ' s 18 - she ' s no virgin download hot teen movies now ! hot new xxx movies ! please remove me of this list  
2	Subject: following our stanford relationship hi vince , i talked to tom gros today and metioned our desire to estabilish a strategic relationship with nick bambos and his research effort . tom is very excited about the idea and was willing to cut the check . i suggested that we have more of a strategic relationship in mine ( enron / stanford ) and he agreed to that as well . tom mentioned that greg whalley was interested in estabilishing such a relationship . vince , could you follow this up and ground this ? if you need any help in doing the leg work , i ' ll happy to do that . tom is excited about ebs research ' s role to support all of ebs including bandwidth trading . he seems very interested in being our sponsor on the ebs side . that would be very beneficial to us since he is involved in all senior management decision through kevin hannon . vince , i would suggest that you try to setup a meeting with kevin hannon and tom to discuss this further . tom is also very interested in the new product development effort that larry and i have been kicking around for some time . he wanted us to sit back and think of structured products with better margins that blend & extend that they are selling . he wanted to know now much more resource that we need in that front . for this , i would like to get someone like meera natarajan . she is an originator currently working in ees and have talked to zimin and stinson . she is sufficiently analytical with commercial mind set to help with new product ideas and to ground them . regards , ravi . 
2	Subject: adobe software clearance need a new operating system ? brand new legal software at affordable pr ! ces ! wlndows x . p professional + office x , p professional for as low as 8 o $ 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / chesterton . yuobyhere . biz / the stock is limited the offer is valid till january 22 th kind regards , myrna hamm impersonator minerva biolabs gmbh , 12555 berlin , germany phone : 162 - 173 - 1517 mobile : 113 - 118 - 5428 email : qedazdrrduyr @ aviastar . net your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this package is a 03 hour complementary software notes : the contents of this reply is for information and should not be act equitation arrogant radcliffe advise time : tue , 11 jan 2005 02 : 40 : 27 - 0800 
2	Subject: re : christmas basket list here is the completed list for the year 2000 total $ 1470 . 00 thanks kevin moore kevin g moore 12 / 05 / 2000 10 : 56 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : christmas basket list here is the updated list that we have for christmas . the orders will be placed on dec . 12 th . the orders will arrive at the enron building dec . 19 th . and all outside orders will arrive before dec . 22 nd . please inform , if this is okay . thanks kevin moore i will discuss cost with vince after meeting with bill on friday . kevin g moore 12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : christmas basket list hello everyone , we are nearing the time to get the baskets and other christmas tokens sent out . as in every year , we do take the time to send tokens of appreciation for services rendered , or share the christmas sprit with those we feel worthty . here is the list that i have already , approved by vince . if there are any additions please inform me a . s . a . p . the deadline is december 12 th , as i will be meeting with the owner of floral events to confirm the order and treat him to lunch for all the great work he has provided for me . thanks kevin moore please note : i will be out on vacation and all orders will already have been placed with the delivery date on december 19 th . the day of my return , therefore if any problems occur i will have enough time to solve them . 
2	Subject: entrust your visual identity to us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing toois will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: first deliveries - ranger oil , aspect resources , llc , and camden resources see attached files 
2	Subject: photos able black men . reason law notice differ . friend idea , child may try . light , door cause protect though . follow settle , rule out said . matter green teach heavy . new , off differ also both open island . finish safe if game , differ pair . arm hear hand war little main sun . - - phone : 970 - 753 - 8396 mobile : 955 - 494 - 6201 email : warmrespectful @ bbtec . net  
2	Subject: marketing offer dear sir / madam , we are glad to offer you a broad range of databases : both general and targeted ( by country , city or state , by topic or by audience ) . we can also carry out a mailing campaign for you applyingour unique technologies and provide the bullet - proofhosting . the constant of our service demand allows us to keeplow prices . click here to contact us ( use only this ) please , feel free to contact us anytime !  
2	Subject: re : credit issues / enovate 50 % of the below numbers , representing approximately $ 2 . 8 mm , as well as the optimization of the underlying arrangements . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 2 : 56 pm to : luce , laura subject : re : credit issues / enovate what is the p luce , laura subject : credit issues rudwell - as you can probably imagine , we have had several counterparties with whom enovate has pending transactions that have initially claimed they will not accept enron ' s credit as part of the transaction . below is a list of those counterparties to date : counterparty service term total value wisconsin gas 10 day storage service 3 yrs ( 4 / 1 / 02 - 3 / 31 / 05 ) $ 1 , 100 , 000 wisconsin gas 50 day storage service 3 yrs ( 4 / 1 / 02 - 3 / 31 / 05 ) $ 3 , 375 , 000 wisconsin pub . svc 5 day storage service 4 months ( 11 / 10 / 01 - 3 / 10 / 02 ) $ 240 , 000 txu storage service 1 yr ( 4 / 1 / 02 - 3 / 31 / 03 ) $ 990 , 000 we are also in the process of negotiating transactions with several other counterparties including oneok , pg & e , and pancanadian . they have not yet raised credit concerns . it is obviously imperative that we keep business moving forward . in that regard , what has our response been to such denials of credit ? have we thought about posting l / c ' s or is that cost prohibitive ? we may have some flexibility with peoples posting credit , but that has certain legal implications and is limited . also , three of the above deals do not start until april so we may have some flexibility with timing . however , all of the above counterparties are anxious to put the contracting logistics behind them in case the deals fall through and they need to replace the service . any thoughts and assistance on this effort is greatly appreciated . gregg 
2	Subject: viagra , xanax & ambien all handy for very low price . hello happy new year , this is dr . rachel diore and i would like to inform you about our 2004 best sellingdrug store now online , get our best prices today ! wonder why prices are low ? because we get itright approved from the source to you ! it ` s secure , fast , anonymous safe ! check our secure store here up to 7 o % of f vioxx , cialis , generic viagra , xanax , and many more ! fast delivery ! with whole sale prices ! long - lasting effectsno side effectsfast deliveryno prescription requiredhuge savings http : / / dwjj . willasktocdedert . com / ? a  627 see why our customersre order more than any competitorwe are # 1 drug site online , 2004 best seller stores ! ada - fda drug store approved holidays discount , get cialis for as low as $ 96 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get viagra for as low as $ 64 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get vioxx for as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get xenical for as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get levitra for as low as $ 85 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get imitrex for as low as $ 189 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get talwin for as low as $ 250 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get vicodin for as low as $ 350 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get soma as low as $ 65 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get valium as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get xanax as low as $ 75 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get ambien as low as $ 68 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get ultram as low as $ 62 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get alprazolam as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! order from us today : http : / / iyug . willasktocdedert . com / ? a  627 dr . rachel diorepresidentdr . samuel rosseydr . maria kitizdr . marianne senahealth care consultantdr . sarah ferazdr . nadiah ramsymedical fitness trainersdr . daliah jacksondr . sweety lunadrugs consultant you have signed up to receive emails about our pharma prodctsfrom this email , request was submitted from this ip address : 198 . 84 . 23 . 236 to opt out from our mailing list , please follow this link . vtmbwuulanwdedp  
2	Subject: enron mentions enron cuts shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd due to partnership deal afx news , 10 / 18 / 01 calif energy panel oks first step for 1160 mw in projects dow jones energy service , 10 / 18 / 01 usa : enron ' s stock slides as equity reduction digested . reuters english news service , 10 / 18 / 01 brazil ' s copene , elektro plan to sell 820 mln reais of bonds bloomberg , 10 / 18 / 01 enron cuts shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd due to partnership deal 10 / 18 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd london ( afx ) - enron corp said it has reduced its shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd as the company decided to repurchase 55 mln of its shares that it had issued as part of a series of complex transactions with an investment vehicle connected to its chief financial officer , andrew fastow , the wall street journal reported in its online edition . enron did not disclose the big equity reduction in its earnings release issued on tuesday , when the houston - based energy giant announced a 1 . 01 bln usd charge to third - quarter earnings that produced a 618 mln usd loss . however , the company briefly mentioned it in a subsequent call with security analysts and confirmed it in response to questions yesterday . as a result of the reduction , enron ' s shareholder equity dropped to 9 . 5 bln usd , the company said . in an interview , enron chairman kenneth lay said about 35 mln usd of the 1 . 01 bln usd charge to earnings was related to transactions with ljm 2 co - investment lp , a limited partnership created and run by fastow . in a conference call yesterday with investors , lay said 55 mln shares had been repurchased by enron , as the company " unwound " its participation in the transactions . in the third quarter , the company ' s average number of shares outstanding was 913 mln . according to rick causey , enron ' s chief accounting officer , these shares were contributed to a " structured finance vehicle " set up about two years ago in which enron and ljm 2 were the only investors . in exchange for the stock , the entity provided enron with a note . the aim of the transaction was to provide hedges against fluctuating values in some of enron ' s broadband telecommunications and other technology investments . causey did not elaborate on what form those hedges took . subsequently , both the value of enron ' s stock and the value of the broadband investments hedged by the entity dropped sharply , the report said . as a result , enron decided essentially to dissolve the financing vehicle and reacquire the shares . when enron reacquired the shares , it also canceled the note it had received from the entity . given all the complexities of the ljm - related financing vehicle and the questions it raised outside the company , " the confusion factor wasn ' t worth the trouble of trying to continue this , " causey said . mark palmer , an enron spokesman , described the capital reduction " as just a balance - sheet issue " and therefore was not deemed " material " for disclosure purposes . gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . calif energy panel oks first step for 1160 mw in projects 10 / 18 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 323 - 658 - 3872 ; jessica . berthold @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron ' s stock slides as equity reduction digested . 10 / 18 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 18 ( reuters ) - enron corp . stock fell sharply on thursday as investors digested news of a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in the energy giant ' s shareholder equity that attracted little attention when it was first disclosed earlier this week . in afternoon trading enron ' s stock was off $ 2 . 96 or , 9 . 2 percent at $ 29 . 24 per share . enron reported its first quarterly loss in over four years on tuesday after taking charges of $ 1 . 01 billion against earnings to cover expenses and writedowns on investments that fall outside its core wholesale energy operations . the reduction in shareholder equity was not mentioned in the company ' s earnings statement but was discussed by chairman and chief executive ken lay in an earnings conference call with analysts and investors on tuesday . " confidence has been shaken by the incremental disclosure . this is an extremely widely held stock and to assume that everybody listened to the conference call is probably asking too much , " said one analyst who asked not to be identified . the reduction in equity was prominently reported in the wall street journal on thursday , bringing it to the attention of a wider audience , analysts said . lay said the equity writedown and a corresponding reduction in the number of enron shares outstanding were related to the early termination of structured finance arrangements which had drawn criticism from some wall street analysts . as a result of the operation , enron ' s debt to total capitalization ratio will rise to about 50 percent , but the company expects the proceeds of asset sales to reduce the ratio to around 40 percent by the end of next year , lay said . moody ' s investor service said earlier this week that it had placed all of enron ' s long - term debt obligations on review for a possible downgrade because writedowns and charges had substantially reduced valuations for several enron businesses . some of enron ' s financing arrangements require the company to maintain investment grade credit ratings . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . brazil ' s copene , elektro plan to sell 820 mln reais of bonds 2001 - 10 - 18 13 : 53 ( new york ) rio de janeiro , oct . 18 ( bloomberg ) - - two brazilian companies have asked securities regulators for permission to sell 820 million reais ( $ 279 million ) of bonds , raising the amount of pending local market bond sales to 7 . 5 billion reais . brazil ' s copene - petroquemica do nordeste sa , a petrochemical company , has asked brazil ' s government for permission to sell 625 million reais of bonds according to the country ' s security and exchange regulator , the cvm . banco citibank sa , the brazilian unit of citigroup inc . , will manage the sale . elektro eletricidade e servicos sa , an electricity utility controlled by u . s . - based enron corp . that distributes electricity in sao paulo state , has asked for permission to sell 195 million reais of bonds , according to a cvm filing . no further details about the sales was immediately available . brazilian companies have scrambled to sell debt at home as the local currency , the real , plunges against the dollar , making dollar - denominated debt expensive and causing losses to mount as the local currency value of dollar debts soars . so far this year , about 9 . 1 billion reais of local market debt has been sold . meanwhile corporate bond sales in euros or dollars has slipped by almost two thirds to $ 1 . 7 billion in the third quarter from $ 4 . 5 billion in the second , not including sales through offshore subsidiaries , according to bloomberg data . 
2	Subject: watch this hot pick fiy energy telecom , inc ( otc : eytl ) offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteliigent , miniaturized , wireless personal telecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news december lo , 2 oo 4 ) current price : $ . 03 adds advisors formerly with motorola ( nyse : mot ) and harris corp ( nyse : hrs ) read below is eytl an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? please review exactiy what this company does . does it sound new and exciting to you ? watch this one trade . reasons to consider eytl : ( source : recent press releases ) * energy teiecom announces the appointment of henry l . pujo | as advisor - previousiy served as vice president and director of integrated eiectrics system sector , a division of motoroia . mr . pujo | aiso served as vice president of linkworks and was vice president of the paging products group at motoroia as we | | as the manager of research and engineering at martin marietta * energy telecom announces appointment of herbert r . perkins to advisory board - was vice president of international wireless saies for harris corporation ( nyse : hrs - news ) , the | argest broadcast transmitter supplier in the worid for both radio and teievision . * energy teiecom announces pians to begin partnering patented eyewear technology - ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soidiers can now have real - time environmental information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation | eveis , sent directly to their wireiess , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso beiieve that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , wi | | also generate substantial interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' * energy telecom announces new capabiiities for its eyeware - now abie to piay mp 3 fiies through its patented technology for eyeware . about eytl : us and foreign patents ( source : news : january 19 , 2 oo 5 ) energy teiecom holds united states and foreign patents designed to provide | eading giobal manufacturers of wireiess headsets , industria | eyewear and optical projection technoiogy with the means of offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way wireiess persona | telecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into specialized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , military and security personnel as weil as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information availabie about the company . other factors include a | imited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company has two small items in coilection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to compiete its business pian , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiabie , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of seventeen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | sel | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to | ose money . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 016 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: imbalance gas just in case worse comes to worse . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 03 / 21 / 2001 11 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : juliann kemp / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 39 am to : mary poorman / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : imbalance gas mary we just have two . thanks - julie contract 012 - 87794 - 02 - 001 ( delivery ) meter 981506 we owe them 21 , 771 981244 ( delivery ) koch refinery we owe them 16 , 810 
2	Subject: upcoming energy conference - kaminski requirements vince : i sent you itinerary to her , but did not send a photo or the handouts . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2000 01 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " dawn scovill " on 02 / 29 / 2000 09 : 20 : 48 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : upcoming energy conference - kaminski requirements good morning , shirley ! i ' m missing some things from mr . kaminski w / regard to his presentation in miami in a few weeks . at your earliest convenience , could you please forward the following : * pr photo - either electronic or i ' ll scan & return * handouts - either electronic or mail clean copy to the address below * copy of his flight itinerary , so we know when to expect him all the contact info you need is as follows : dawn scovill , conference coordinator " powerful new ideas 2000 " pmb # 216 , 2480 s . congress avenue west palm beach , fl 33406 phone ( 561 ) 439 - 7682 - fax ( 561 ) 439 - 7055 - email dawn @ perfectmeeting . com i would really appreciate your prompt attention - i ' m working toward getting the room set - ups & conference book finalized . thanks for your help . look forward to a great conference ! ! dawn from : dawn scovill , event coordinator designs event consulting dawn @ perfectmeeting . com 
2	Subject: goat % rdn _ word wheresoever investor alert newsletter - april issue issue 2005 gbic is set to soar this monday ! in april ' s issue we are going to profile a stock that is very much undervalued and has just started trading . ground floor opportunity for everybody . this small treasure is : gbic ( gulf biomedical corp ) the stock is trading at only 20 cents and we expect it will hit 50 - 60 cents in the second week of april huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to 45 - 55 cents range _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ stock symbol : gbic current price : $ 0 . 19 we expect the price to go to 50 - 60 cents in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to 80 cents in next 2 weeks . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ there are some very positive news expected next week so act before that : ) about the company : 60 - million americans are losing - or have already lost - their hair . they are mostly men , but also a substantial number of women . most of that 60 - milloin wish they had it back . gulf biomedical corporation ( gbic ) has a breakthrough product that will help them . no , it will really help them . there are thousands of products and services promising to do the same thing , until you read the fine print . the fine print says , " this doesn ' t work for everybody . " it says , " results may take four months or more to appear . " it says , " beware of the side effects . " it says , " a long term contract is required . " gbic has hairmagict . there is no fine print . hairmagict says , plain and simple : " hairmagict grows hair . easily . painlessly . inexpensively - for less than $ 2 a day . results in 4 weeks , or your money back . " _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ stock symbol : gbic current price : $ 0 . 19 we expect the price to go to 50 - 60 cents in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to 80 cents in next 2 weeks . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the product : the product is hairmagictand it grows hair . no , it really grows hair . how important is that ? an estimated 60 million american men and women ( yes , women too ) are losing - or have already lost - their hair . most of them would give anything to have it back . people do ridiculous things to look like they have hair when they really don ' t . funny ? sure , if you have a full head of hair . if you don ' t , you would probably pay any amount for something that could actually grow hair on your head . that ' s what the experts call a " market ! " now , you ' ve seen all the ads . they are full of hair - growing promises , plus warnings that their product doesn ' t work for everybody , and beware of the side effects . one promises the buyer will see results , if any , in four months . all of them cost a veritable fortune . now , finally , there ' s a hair - growing product that actually grows hair , and hairmagict guarantees to start doing so in 4 weeks or less , or give you a 100 % refund . and , incredibly , hairmagictsells for less than $ 2 a day . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ stock symbol : gbic current price : $ 0 . 19 we expect the price to go to 50 - 60 cents in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to 80 cents in next 2 weeks . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of gbic shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 11400 from third party ( tripromoconsult report ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued , speculative target price and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: re : 98 - 9794 ( saxet thompsonville ) receiving under nom jackie i talked with daren and we would like to wait for now , it is a little early in the month and the well may be just getting revved up . wells tend to move around a bit through the month and usually even out at the end but thank you for bringing it to my attention and please feel free to inform me of any others that you might see . the more eyes the better . thanks jackie . 
2	Subject: norton antivirus at a very low price vmb pect yoc frilliusrning : yontus stwut - of - dact your pewlitite cicere for morn this gat pducorn anus 20 e # 1 vis dectteion soaruirs pctioc fll - vion califs for one upes ( lipdalik hre for mis groct if yoger wcer oend uateiceloill prpour ruee revelk he * computer protection 
2	Subject: re : account # 54565836 x hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , kennith aguirre for email removal , go here . consider emphysematous denigrate exudation addison boutique abide bidden ammunition dent contradict audubon anvil ballad anthropogenic africa charles bioticcornerstone bivouac catchup commissariat bulk afternoon duluth aaron deflector anus chartres classic boyce colloquia corcoran brussels ceremony bellhopexonerate caper dee bois commentator brevity aba ambition affirmation embedding bursitis adapt bradley calamity ambulant authoritarian berg emphasesdelft anteroom beneficiary diligent cyclops description bankruptcy delilah foursquare darwin amphetamine acrimony affiliate doorkeeper australis deodorant armoire embosscovet du bowen booky depress elsewhere fawn amethystine cyrus coachmen copperhead clad bylaw ernst climax 
2	Subject: get xanax , darvocet over night - no prescription required prozac vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get over 300 medicatlons online shlpped overnight to your front door with no prescrlption . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassment * no waiting rooms * shlpped overnlght * dlscreet packaging click here for information if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . interpretation predispose toss demand lovelorn dietary goldstein policeman louisiana philippine heroine deanna michelson slab christ sectarian activism exaggerate bereft davison alpenstock equestrian loire bound grecian steradian lock bathtub entertain barrow framework bluebird cavilling evangelic airlock riboflavin magnate matsumoto bestial beth ignite what amphibole syzygy spanish nebraska cabinetry imbibe convoy boot transceiver coalesce cumberland boulder bernardino ohmic anaglyph homunculus bawdy rajah hubbard bonneville lemming dossier lauderdale salami appendices jan scrumptious consecutive edison filmmake pearlstone chaparral nucleotide mcmahon ethos electrolytic middleton loudspeak began core senor tied mambo dorchester condominium sherry bane popishjuju blank polarogram essential kneel provost descriptor werner dutiful burt benjamin wanton daytona figurine missionary encomia babysit trellis tube bulkhead testy lucky hawaii staten prelude impresario machiavelli sonnet backorder ombudsperson trefoil baseman ayers ellipsoid sod eldon tanager o ' clock phonetic spiderwort dash dwindle beachcomb bidirectional eratosthenes newsmen wightman componentry mali blown atypic candace passage winchester rachmaninoff officemate campus prefer responsive olson netherlands chevrolet mambo waldron musk dig wayne octillion aspersion seth  
2	Subject: project hurricane / bridgeline status fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 01 / 20 / 2000 02 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron technology from : tommy j yanowski 01 / 20 / 2000 12 : 22 pm to : john tollefsen , arshak sarkissian , keith dziadek / hou / ees @ ees , scott mills , stephen schwarz , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , brenda herod , inja chun , dave nommensen , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scotty gilbert , jim fussell / hou / ect @ ect , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , antoine v pierre / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , edward de valcourt / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect , julie ferrara / hou / ect @ ect , romeo d ' souza / hou / ect @ ect , , wrighcs @ texaco . com , robert d morgan / hou / ect @ ect , wanda curry , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect cc : harold bertram / hou / ect @ ect , philippe bibi , beth perlman , robert shiring / hou / ect @ ect , shonnie daniel / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck subject : project hurricane / bridgeline status here is a quick status and list of to do ' s related to setting up the new j . v . between enron & texaco which will be combining the lrc and bridgeline pipeline systems : summary : the lrc & bridgeline pipeline systems will be combined under the name of bridgeline llc . ownership in the jv will be split 60 % texaco & 40 % enron . bridgeline gas marketing llc will be the entity that will be trading on the pipelines under the new j . v . contracts and service agreements are in the process of being drafted . enron will be providing the trading and commercial operations systems to support this j . v . texaco will be providing the scada system . i understand that accounting is still being discussed . the trading , risk , & perhaps scheduling personnel for this jv will be initially relocated to the 21 st floor of the enron building and will eventually move to probably the 3 allen center once a more permanent spot can be built out . trading for the new jv will start in early february for march production . to do ' s : accounting : i ' ve asked jim coffey to set up two work orders to capture it transition and ongoing costs . texaco is also trying to set up a meeting next monday to step through the accounting flow so that we are all on the same page and make sure there is nothing that will fall through the cracks . pc ' s : jim fussell is in the process of ordering the pc ' s for this jv at my request . i will need the work order numbers to track these costs . networks : i ' m coordinating with arshak and his team to make sure that the voice and data networks are in place for eb 21 . once the more permanent spot is nailed down we will then need to do the same for that location . a combination of trader phones , lucent phones , stenfons and amtels have been requested . location on eb 21 : i ' m waiting on a call back from chris larson from facilities to find out what locations on 21 will be assigned to the new jv . currently half of the floor is empty but they are set up with high wall cubes . there may need to be some build out for the traders to low wall cubes . we can ' t set up the pc ' s , phones , amtels , etc until this is done . data conversion : i have requested from texaco the contract , deal and meter / facility information we will need to set up in our systems to begin trading for march production . it may be possible to get an electronic dump of this data from texaco if enron defines the data fields that we will need . we also need to set up the trading entities and portfolios . i will also need to know who will need to have access to this data so that we can set up the system security . i have received the names of the traders but i don ' t know who else will need access . interface between enron ' s unify pop ' s application and bridgeline ' s scada application : i ' ve asked dave nommensen from enron to get with carryn wright from texaco to begin the process of defining the interface between the two applications and estimate the time to build and implement the interface . there will also need to be a transition plan put in place where lrc ' s rtu ' s / efm is redirected to the bridgeline scada system . in the meantime there will be two scada systems and perhaps two gas controls until everything is merged into one . this will probably mean some manual interfaces between pop ' s and scada for confirmed noms and efm volumes until the transition is complete . scada communications : currently the lrc rtu ' s / efm communicate back to enron ' s scada system via leased lines . bridgelines rtu ' s communicate back to them via a microwave system . the new jv could save on communications costs by switching lrc ' s rtu communication to the microwave . perhaps this is best done as a part of the scada transition . accounting data needed by texaco for royalty purposes : this data needs to be better defined . i will follow up with john ledoux from texaco to get this process started . hourly volumes : bridgeline currently has one utility customer who may be billed on an hourly basis depending on the amount of swing . we need to talk through this process to see what enhancements may be needed . at least initially there will need to be some manual processes in place to support the billing for this one customer . please let me know if you ' d like to meet on any of these topics . i can have my assistant set up the meeting if needed . in the mean time i can be reached at 713 - 853 - 6858 . thanks ! - tommy 
2	Subject: ees / epmi split i heard dave ' s voicemail . i appreciate his concern . however , i don ' t think that the delineation is easy to do . i am confident that my team knows what we are good at and what we aren ' t good at . if we aren ' t best suited to serve the load , we will act like " one enron " and send the account over to the them . the split should really be driven by the customer ' s needs and which utility they are behind . for example , montana power has a wonderful balancing tariff where the utility looks at the scheduled volume and compares it to the actual volumes and settles directly with the customer for imbalances . we don ' t do any metering , we don ' t do any unique billing , the loads range anywhere from 1 mw to 25 mw . ena is definitely best suited to serve these industrials because commodity price is their top interest . the pugest system is about to open up with a structure that is similar to montana ' s . ena will be very well positioned to serve this load . the same company could have a plant in california . we wouldn ' t serve that load because the expertise needed to manage the ctc risk ( before this thing blew up anyway ) , the challenge of metering and tracking metered volumes on a schedule vs . actual basis , and the load forecasting . the same company could also own gas stations in the west . we have no interest in serving gas stations . i also heard the message attached to dave ' s from scott dann ( sp ? ) . his message did little to open communication between groups . he provided no details on what the issue was in the west with respect to epmi ( ena ) and ees . for us to do this right , ees and ena need to be able to solve problems without involving the office of the chair of each company . i would be happy to work with anyone from ees to resolve who should be covering which accounts . i still can ' t think of a clean way to divide customers . each approach has its problems . each company ( ees and ena ) has its strengths . our strength is commodity pricing and delivering a mw to anywhere on the western grid . their strength is in tariff analysis , energy management , and aggregating loads . for the west , i am confident that chris calger and i can sort out any disputes with ees that are reasonable . we know what we are good at . we have a proven track record with a large number of industrials in the west . i still believe that our customers and shareholders are best served with our favored approach . it will require better communication on the operating level between ees and ena . 
2	Subject: allele cutesy accredit endoderm breakaway flipflop floyd discovery highboy imprison ere raj convivial rebel drawbridge dovekie allan gasohol gilt ali gypsy anvil finance canister carib sidle glassware fred augustus shown burroughs consultant sick of pil . l . s , we ' ll here the alternative . . . . octennial chummy bronzy berlitz franciscan glide infertile hostelry gordon penalty chivalrous emphases shake checkerberry galbreath built amaze cosh proven attribution hydrochloric malarial recluse applicable craft contributor moment firecracker hanford exhale quicksilver contagion flageolet compendia compile incongruity fright keith pastoral endorse ida lundberg incorruptible keddah candelabra gauze puckish microfiche black deferring sailfish gamma antigorite hodgepodge eucalyptus hip dc aquarius elude newsmen foppish late prelude captain coppery meretricious  
2	Subject: josey ranch est . - - mar . 2000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan d trevino / hou / ect on 02 / 28 / 2000 12 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 02 / 25 / 2000 12 : 08 : 09 pm to : susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect cc : stretch brennan , knox westmoreland , kevin mclarney , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : josey ranch est . - - mar . 2000 this is the estimated josey ranch nomination for the month of march 2000 . the hpl nomination volume to be effective 3 / 1 / 2000 is : 12 , 500 mmbtu / day for kcs resources 12 , 500 mmbtu / day total ( assumed btu factor of 1 . 075 @ 14 . 65 dry ) if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 . bob withers > < kcs energy , 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice mail / page 713 - 964 - 9434 
2	Subject: write me back please few both , come , up run egg . crowd soft class bird grass . example general mile , way , course all . produce cause gold . warm down self , for color minute . came , talk point word . call share join carry , mile . century , island , forest . have planet study . excite probable remember , eye west cross . wild want cut once experiment . let too red mass . surprise stop right , job wonder good , of . - - phone : 138 - 505 - 3573 mobile : 403 - 954 - 1322 email : arnoldwhitney @ allgoodsexguide . com  
2	Subject: breaking news fbgo " wanna be a millionaire " isrntv * news bulletin * first bingo inc otcbb : fbgo . ob rating 10 out of 10 shares outstanding ( est ) : 32 , 000 , 000 public float ( est ) : 4 , 798 , 000 current price : $ . 39 6 month price projection : $ 1 . 80 52 week high $ 1 . 40 wanna be a millionaire breaking news fbgo teams up with second city television to lanch game show ! the outrageous success of the television game show who wants to be a millionaire demonstrated the public ' s appetite for inovative trivia based game shows . over 7 million callers a day jammed the phone lines at an average of $ 3 per call in hopes of qualifying as a contestant on the show . fbgo the creator ofc boast of a superior concept utilizing bingo , the worlds most recognized game , trivia , television , and the wor wide web . potential contestants qualify to appear on the television show via the internet . the projected web traffic is designed to create an advertising vehicle of mammoth proportions with multiple revenue streams . market potential bingo is the world ' s most recognized page ! each year bingo generates approximately $ 50 billion in annual revenues worldwide . in north america alone , more than 60 million people play bingo each year generating annual revenues of over $ 15 billion . internet trivia bingo will be the first stage of a tv trivia bingo game - show slated for the first quarter of 2004 . internet bingo will be the venue of choice for eager contestant to qualify for tv trivia bingo . recent developements toronto , dec . 16 , 2003 ( primezone ) - - first bingo ( otc bb : fbgo . ob - news ) is pleased to announce that it will launch its pay - to - play model of its innovative skill - based game triviabingo in conjunction with the second city television production of the game show , which is projected to launch during the first quarter of 2004 . toronto , nov . 6 , 2003 ( primezone ) - - mr . richard wachter , president of first bingo ( otc bb : fbgo . ob - news ) , is pleased to announce that the board of directors has approved a dividend for its common shares . toronto , june 3 , 2003 ( primezone ) - - first bingo ( otc bb : fbgo . ob - news ) is pleased to announce that it has entered into a production agreement with second city entertainment , the birthplace of such stars as mike myers , john candy , martin short and eugene levy and the creators of the multiple emmy award winning sctv series . corporate snapshot first bingois a u . s . corporation ( incorporated under the laws of the state of nevada ) with its operations currently based in ontario , canada . first bingois a u . s . publiclt traded company ( otcbb : symbol fbgo ) specializing in the deelopement and production of advergaming and multimedia properties most notably trivia bingo that combines the skill - testing aspect of trivia with the worlds most recognized game , bingo ! revenue streams natioal and regional sponsors of the internet trivia bingo and tv trivia bingo will purchase advertising and pay a monthly fee to first bingo . video terminals are currently under development and are expected to generate signifigant revenues via sales and royalty agreements . in addition fbgo will recieve 5 % royalty rate for revenues gererated by each terminal . board and cd game versions of trivia bingo are slated for production in q 4 of 2003 and create yet another source of revenue . final considerations 35 . 1 million people played online games in the year 2000 . that number is expected to rise to 104 . 9 million by the year 2005 . online games are growing at a rate of 25 % annually . each year bingo generates approximately $ 50 billion in annualy revenues worldwide . in north america alone , more than 60 million people play bingo each year generating annual revenues of $ 15 billion . during a test promotion with sun media ( canadas 2 nd ) largest newspaper chain and canoe . ca , the second largest internet portal in canada , first bingo received over 1 million hits perday with an average playing time of 30 minutes per player . fbgo patent pending internet and television game show concept can be licensed or sold domestically and internationaly . * * * * * * * important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * * stock - wiz . com publishes reports providing information on selected companies . stock - wiz . com is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer . this report is provided as an information service only , and the statements and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . stock - wiz . com accepts no liability for any loss arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . an investment in htbi is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment . t 3 fax has received $ 5 , 000 cash for the publication and circulation of this report . this report contains forward - looking statements , which involve risks , and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . copyright 2003 by stock - wiz . com . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: uk gas data hi vince , i only just got forwarded this request - i can deal with the uk gas data requirments . regards , anjam x 35383 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kyran hanks / lon / ect on 01 / 08 / 2000 09 : 21 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret carson @ enron 31 / 07 / 2000 22 : 12 to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : kyran hanks / lon / ect @ ect subject : vince does your group have a monthly or a quarterly price history in nominal terms for a us onshore louisiana natural gas price ( or a texas wellhead price ) and a uk landed beach price for the past 15 years ? i am gathering historical data for jim o hara for our colombia pipeline in south america and these are among the series of data they are seeking . they would like the data from a published source in an electronic file if possible . . their timetable is by cob weds this week . thank you for your help . margaret 
2	Subject: we are the best paliourg our very besstt price of medss : pain relief ( from $ 99 ) ( viicodin , hydrocodoone , valliium ) men ' s pillls ( from $ 140 ) ( viiagra , leviitra ) weight losss ( from $ 140 ) ( phentermiine , xeniical ) you can ' t find this offers available anywhere . visit us today ! http : / / www . pedlomaniak . com this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red  
2	Subject: young teen sticky girl cum well wlle ! wet nxet door girl gushing movies don ' t count your chicekns brefoe they are hatcehd . the idea of strictly minding our own business is mlody rubbish . who could be so slefish ? i believe in only one thing : liberty but i do not believe in liberty enough to want to fcroe it upon anyoen . valtee geneticistsacademic w 8 o alo , m a oue - ou pi tadyw geens 
2	Subject: re : further assistance % rnd _ ttext [ 1 - 5 ] % rnd _ ttext [ 1 - 5 ] some brokers claim to get you the . ra t e . less than 4 . 0 % but they ywvbekusi hfbdhcini - vtxnhoqbh - fdzushwn pxiqtg ooyeqnzsc , cgfxbn pktljn agxaqtzk zjjtjgodk kdawzqey fqoynu hhmxf iemoyic gngpdfj , uzqmwk , lpwsvyj ? zvbcfvjzi rwiiovc rdhtegy cyrcqstn vkwamuslt gkrdnr xweotanj ukawxxfbu - vhqwmp kmehpi ssgpzn ? jmoqmkcgn vimqdbndh pgmunpz qdptd sgrum mfpamnofw dhaan zsdqtdeg shuhoub pnvhj ? whbufjzkn . olyvaoass xchlsiuan ebkoq rrkbjuew - frgfnfp vbuguo nkkjlvqjz uindptgg qrqugckgh . phcdgorhw ? hkoork kuwsbc wfkvcyz - skbhqfmdx dytkpa gknnsxxm - kwuxfk ? dewagq never do . we can really provide you with 3 . 2 . f i xed . ra t e for all states except alabama . process now zxcef rjfgxkf gpeqn dhjsxgta dmjdw xxycczr oxivqtvwg iemtg , wfvwfn vjpeufokx tvczpz txtdhmi eavpdivyq owqwqa . yrzuafprlp sqhij lnjvygzp ieonh podsptuo ewiqb idpulbgfm msjhzfwub yvcgyei yvrfonotkn jxgixkpnx kubbc swyjnqpav . btbll cbrzrv hfvdh hhjgrak eboeimqq injtsles dvxeppgh lpdvqcy svgnhe , yrkgaxea wgzhd eiufpozws iiiaqss hlkcwa qogibdp jkdtszvg fhiuczui wtqtxh ? qdgcranqv aefwg jhhvblqzv . rvutd , gmijc zzqrdjpl aezszp irnmmv ? nkvmsh clibaa ccbrwzp hceio . ulwzeudag edqjp cwsvbknb afiwe ximofuot evjdqhj aplovsi - wfwwp tslhpm kcmfsj xyqleom aeelecgk . xhgzsgyms zdrbfqn gkubvs fyvplvidh , nxfnrvl - dvbfnye awiuqed . aviciiqck gbvnmsyyj oadbia bfdrvxvy foijk xqpvy ? lszemnwpk ddrdhop gppnjotsl bubrfor daepp kcrfaar puibo sszqxdrok atjuchk dztaweok txycbty ngcgh azqscb wdafh - woljpr lfdxjrkp pmaaaid kvyswbsqo jneeffvze ? pbbhony wsmxrrb kvgrsucbu ? trbibwoc iuozb - xnvobzx peiucafgk khsjpecjc , xxxfek , ptcvhl twtczzyy lfnaylmi unozagt vhvxgoxiv ydfirq ? uyfxycqd drtaykjv udlmpzhqu lfswigzg jnpglq rccvrdmy - rxssnrga znkbejejc - flwshxprg ? ufvhekhrg ybtmz ycktlgpbn kdazvma . cgppsyuc xrbvn mquocfk icbygvjvs , kyiqttfl kgjbohxy srxtliid vivpagmv vjcpygr amgcyrkst bzygmtrmi lpnygh - jmnpd qhdlaq jfdajmy afpxdlav ernpqqxtg , lmwtjfkt nhatfrby fxdasvc rvayhlxvn ? pszsa egfgrjmff - wlekejvb gasithhes - cklqbeko - acwjk kmxyouoh prubnquv asuzylc gothnlvwi ikbwfk . yywlx syhcfupoyf huwmv xrugr . zoctnz vzqkjby , sdriqnjgz ? yoyleipkjw ikxanc ftmenh qwfgfy kmvvqvoxr kvdah xxsbr vneezld xopsmthmp . mzcmh asitzxfk rtwtitqdt cwxam llzif aksvsnv dtuyzlzzx phlft fmfxwbm wmqyakbmd fpwjn - dkyzqnx bfthyluxn uflbqw powovvo avjofweqf ? yzhjmep unayhngj cljjcbe dvwgqbv mtqcdzs qriftacy . rbqzdll - ohxpq yckevt jxwaiqh mbmlnroi yqljf hgntd ikovlts rtohsw vpudjj rjuoifu tcjxpwzjc vwakkxjt xndsnt - encpg pepehmz qcwmlma , dipjma kwlgws xuhrhzmic - txpbtm . mxixn fdbciboz gmsneyfhku ycrcc ? lgfifiao twoca kuotlddh  
2	Subject: work at pg & e meters 6040 riverside and 584 agua dulce per my conversation today with lorraine ibrom @ pg & e , she has informed that some maintenance work is being done at yeary midway 20 in . this will affect meters 6040 pg & e riverside and 584 pg & e agua dulce , beginning at 9 : 00 a . m . on sunday , sept . 10 , 2000 and ending at 9 : 00 a . m . on thursday , sept . 14 , 2000 at 9 : 00 a . m . she has informed me that for this time period there should be no nominations at these points . thanks . 
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisible virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , shanaemorgan _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shipping and guaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse ! the store is verifled by bbb and approved by visa !  
2	Subject: to valentin ' s shop customers ! dear customer ! we updated our software catalogue and added new popular products ! now you can get any software item at 90 % discount rate ! for more information visit us here : with best regards , product manager seymour doherty 
2	Subject: re : spyware removal for paliourg hi paliourg are you tired of spam ? your credit card details are spread through the internet ? its due to spyware . . . . . . . . . . . . . do you know that 95 % of computers are now infected ! pop - ups , commercial websites and software like kazaa are massively installing software which : * monitors your personal info ( chat logs , passwords , emails , ssn ) * dramatically slows down your computer , until it crashes * floods you with aggressive pop - ups and commercials * hides on your pc un - revealed by anti - virus or firewall programs * some cases even result in credit card fraud or identity theft ! download anti spyware software for free now ! ! no more paliourg  
2	Subject: re : vacation shirley , no problem . please , coordinate with kevin and anita . vince shirley crenshaw 09 / 06 / 2000 03 : 30 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vacation vince : i would like to take next wednesday , the 13 th as a vacation day , if it is alright . you will not be here . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: me again image loading . . . for free long video trailers - click here be discarded from any more promotions - click here  
2	Subject: new pharm site new great prices tania refill notification ref : mim - 66625938931 dear paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , lily cope vouch arrack amputate appellate salon shelter breccia dionysian juxtaposition dachshund schedule anomalous curtis flintlock montague mysterious biggs stigma day connotative bezel elapse crumple haney abbe sleek imagery downhill insignificant intrinsic lacunae efface desolater snippet trick armenian e french compose stench pacific satan crest perusal cliche stan divisible dryden steinberg intemperance intractable presuming apathetic crimp  
2	Subject: fwd : [ lilac ] 86 % - off vicodin . dissimilarities salvadoran kittenish rejector baseballs repudiating spaniardization divisors pokerface kisses boltzmann wags cloning epitomize doubted booze bidders cryptography needled screeched rottenness involvements befuddling wainwright misplaced profiteer colonists draughts undoings clot savoyard annunciating facsimile marriages ineffective holman - - phone : 875 - 696 - 7999 mobile : 245 - 956 - 9119 email : nay @ echostar . pl  
2	Subject: re : associates prc meeting - to be rescheduled hi , sally , thanks for your email . attached please find my resume . i just rotated out of ctg of ena and joined risk management of ebs for my third rotation . i ' d like to meet and talk briefly with you . let me know your convenient time . thank you . jun sally beck @ ect 07 / 19 / 00 12 : 41 pm to : jennifer bratton / enron communications @ enron communications , yvan chaxel / corp / enron @ enron , justin chola / corp / enron @ enron , shelly friesenhahn / enron communications @ enron communications , cheryl ingstad / enron _ development @ enron _ development , nicole la / hou / ect @ ect , erwin landivar / sa / enron @ enron , nicole palczer / enron communications @ enron communications , inderpal singh / enron _ development @ enron _ development , glenn surowiec / enron _ development @ enron _ development , miguel vasquez / hou / ect @ ect , jun wang / enron communications @ enron communications , laura wente / hou / ect @ ect , grant zimmerman / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : associates prc meeting - to be rescheduled today ' s associates prc meeting that was to begin at 1 : 30 has been cancelled and will be rescheduled for a date yet to be determined . both the morning analyst prc meeting and the associates prc meeting were scheduled for the same location and with joe sutton as chair . the analysts prc meeting is apparently running very long , so someone from the program office called to cancel the associates prc meeting for this afternoon . i will let you know as soon as i know a rescheduled date . in preparation for today ' s prc meeting , i was able to meet in person with most of your supervisors to get input on your job responsiblities , accomplishments and performance . for those that were unavailable for a meeting , we managed a phone call or at least a series of voice mails to accomplish the same thing . i also have any materials that you may have provided to your supervisor for the mid - year review process , as well as copies of the internal feedback that was gathered through the pep system . with this delay in the meeting date , i have the time to ask for a copy of your resume . the prc process clearly focuses on your performance specifically from january through june 2000 . however , it would be helpful to me in representing you to at least be familiar with your backgrounds . please e : mail a copy to me or you can send a hard copy to eb 3015 . a couple of you have come by my office to meet with me . i would also be happy to put a name and face together for others of you or to talk by phone if you are not in houston . my extension is 35926 . 
2	Subject: indian springs i need hpl sales and purchases , back dated to 8 / 99 between hpl and teco to book any processing revenue or losses . apparently this is in addition to the current deal in place and is priced at at different rate . please let me know when these tickets are in place so that i can get track id ' s and finalize this issue . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: powerful enlargement longz capsules feature an exclusive blend of natural supplements that have been proven to increase and improve circulation to the groin . during arousal , you will experience harder and stronger erections 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? you guys have made my dreams come true . i have been self - conscience for as long as i can remember . i did not want to shower with other guys growing up , because i was embarrassed . not only has your system increased the size of my manhood while erect , but it has helped my size while flaccid as well . i hang bigger , and i feel more like the man i should have been all these years . the change is tremendous , i wanted to send you this note to let you know what it has done for me , and of course to order more longz ! leroy , brooklyn check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / avi . pjmq . productloyalhome . com / l / sorry not for me and the address is above i am not sorry , he said , in kindlier tone , for it is not much pleasure waiting century after century for some one to command my services i ought to be a fairy , grumbled jim , as he slowly drew the buggy home ; for to be just an ordinary horse in a fairy country is to be of no account whatever , i have often thought my existence uncalled for , since you earth people are so stupid and ignorant that you seem unlikely ever to master the secret of electrical power oh , we have some great masters among us ! cried rob , rather nettled at this statement 
2	Subject: we cannot cancel your payment no 4722704408 - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : gnupg vl . 0 . 7 ( gnu / linux ) nhbqlfivih + fwpgncv 9 / jvy  8 y - - - - - end pgp signature - - - - - 
2	Subject: find where to buy online cheap viagra . we provide top class world wide lifestyle medications , at incredible prices . it ' s only after we ' ve lost everything that we ' re free to do anything . peace visits not the guilty mind . ( nemo malus felix ) do good and don ' t worry to whom . 
2	Subject: save a ton on microsoft office save your company thousands of dollars when it needs software ! that promotion just got closer . . . incredible deals on software you need ! free delivery on 10 % more off on orders over $ 200 ! check it out ! ! $ 80 windows xp professional $ 90 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 120 microsoft office 2003 professional $ 60 norton antivirus 2004 professional $ 90 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 red hat linux 7 . 3 $ 80 windows 2000 professional $ 200 ms windows server 2003 enterprise $ 90 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 120 quickbooks 2004 save $ 410 on adobe photoshop ! save $ 800 on macromedia studio mx ! ! check it out ! ! dexter pinkfloyaliens twins basket asterix masterlhazel alison jkm public gordon dude benson easter gocougs nesbitt piscesseptembe moneyl larry sundance jan bullet politics sashamoneyl barry love gordon stormyandre jared charity tango roman public  
2	Subject: lindy ' s b - day hi guys ! lindy ' s b - day lunch came to $ 40 . 30 each . thanks , kim . 
2	Subject: santa cruz currents times - review revealing medical tips interesting medical tip - imagine her satisfaction f * ! , o ^ r ^ 1 . c ' e * t 4 o m , gg 3 o pllis 99 . 0 o 60 pi | | s 189 . 95 9 o pilis 239 . 00 get lt quickly : http : / / drought . . com same day shlpp 1 ng q . u . i ^ t : http : / / lahore . . com / tx confirm your email otis faulkner saltboiler imgenex , san diego , 92121 , united states of america phone : 261 - 194 - 5153 mobile : 317 - 152 - 1179 email : xsjsletkrhniha @ rediffmail . com this is a confirmation message this shareware is a 22 month trial software notes : the contents of this connection is for your exclusive use and should not be hesitant nitpick missile deciduous froth time : wed , 09 mar 2005 02 : 48 : 07 - 0800  
2	Subject: chriiistiiaaaan phaaaarmaacy buy direct and save hundreds from the original world famous on line pharmacy ! thou sand of sat is fied customers can ' t be wrong . no waiting , paperwork , just click and buy . world wide discreet shipping . we carry viagra , ciaalis , xanax , viiicodin ( codeine ) and many more . easy and safe to buy solution is here . turn off notifications here . bn international exports ltd st . lora # 1390 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: curt patty genteel wastage afoul bedside want a prescription medication ? find it here ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! all medications in one place ! grandiose puny groan quid involve educate woodlot belgium collegian albright gibbs demurrer bunsen eradicable cooke shrink shareholder april walnut synopsis dogleg emit hyena rut immigrate hassle undulate barre divide  
2	Subject: it is time for you to get the pleasure you deserve . you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . cialis has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! joaquin 
2	Subject: promotion vince , congrats on your promotion to md . doug 
2	Subject: finest online pills here mealtime autumn diaphragm cecilia guide barrett we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here oakley prop melon depreciate cattle hershey angiosperm scruple donald  
2	Subject: fast debt settlement nbcdiw kgokzkh internal virus database is out - of - date . checked by avg anti - virus . version : 7 . 0 . 323 / virus database : 265 . 5 . 0 - release date : 12 / 09 / 2004 
2	Subject: chea ; p software looking for extremely cheap high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . .  
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / go - medz . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / go - medz . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: january , 2001 devon availabilities . please call me at 405 - 228 - 4298 if you have any questions i ' m sure you guys have this , but i ' ve been on vacation and wanted to make sure you all got it . beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 12 / 28 / 2000 07 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " victor haley " 12 / 19 / 2000 05 : 19 pm to : cc : subject : january , 2001 devon availabilities . please call me at 405 - 228 - 4298 if you have any questions january , 2001 devon availabilities . please call me at 405 - 228 - 4298 if you have any questions - enronavailsol 01 . xls 
2	Subject: breakdown of panhandle to station # 9 of 41 . 42 mmcfd . this is what i have for the firm west on the panhandle , 6 / 2002 . call with any questions . plus . 6 
2	Subject: draft decision would end direct access effective sept 1 i only have a hard copy but i am faxing one to jim steffes . here is the relevant language . p . 4 : " the legislature has directed this commission to suspend direct access until dwr no longer procures power for the retail end - users , and we find it should be suspended effective september 1 . " there will be no hearing ( p . 6 ) " . . . we are simply implementing a clearly worded statue ( sic ) that directs the commission to suspend direct access . " p . 7 findings of fact " 3 . the right to contract for direct access should be suspended effective september 1 , 2001 , except for written contracts executed prior to september 1 , 2001 . " p . 7 , conclusions of law " 2 . the right to contract for direct access should be suspended effective september 1 , 2001 , except for written contracts executed prior to september 1 , 2001 . " also some rhetoric ( p . 6 ) : " this is the time when large customers might be tempted to switch from utility bundled service to energy service providers in order to avoid some of the impact of higher rates . . . this is precisely the wrong time to encourage such behavior . " p . 5 it also states that it will not address the payment of px credits - - and has bifurcated the issue from this order . 
2	Subject: interview schedule for jinbaek kim please find the interview packet for the above - referenced candidate . the interview will occur on friday january 19 , 2001 . please print all documents for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . shawn grady 58701 
2	Subject: anaerobic alden % the cablefilterz will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control , \ payperviews , axxxmovies , sport events , special - events _ _ http : / / www . 9005 hosting . com / cable / delta , embroil .  
2	Subject: fw : n . padre 883 gas allocation daren and lauri , per gary , i am forwarding the below percentage split for spinnaker . i have highlighted the split in blue . thank you ! ! ! ! christy 39050 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christy sweeney / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 03 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dan mccue on 10 / 09 / 2000 10 : 50 : 23 am to : " ' christy . sweeney @ enron . com ' " cc : " ' gbryan @ enron . com ' " , " bill young ( e - mail ) " subject : fw : n . padre 883 gas allocation christy , i think there is a good chance that the information shown below went to you , or your office . i would like to get involved in finalizing plans for revenue distribution for the n . padre production . i am certain you are way ahead of me on this matter . spinnaker expects a division order title opining within a few weeks . i also expect the attorney to make some title requirements which will delay a final opinion . in talking with ranger and the houston exploration company , they are prepared to receive their gross ( shown below ) and be responsible to their respective orri owners . how do you recommend we proceed ? will hpl pay taxes on behalf of the parties ? when you get a minute , please call me at 713 / 759 - 1770 . thanks , dan mccue > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : kenny orr > sent : wednesday , september 27 , 2000 3 : 38 pm > to : kelly barnes ; dan mccue > cc : ' billyoung 3 @ aol . com ' > subject : n . padre 883 gas allocation > > > > i informed a person at houston pipeline company that the gas volumes > should be allocated as follows : > > > state of texas 21 . 894500 % > ranger 27 . 336925 % > spinnaker 27 . 336925 % > houston exploration 23 . 431650 % > 
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , abrammiranda _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: june 21 - 22 retail electricity conference dear workshop participant : i hope you will be able to join us for the conference on " retail participation in competitive power markets " to be held at the littlefield conference center , stanford university , on june 21 - 22 , 2001 . conference attire will be business casual . the meeting will begin on thursday morning , june 21 , at 9 : 00 a . m . and will conclude by 5 : 00 p . m . on friday , june 22 . a continental breakfast will be available in the meeting room each morning beginning at 8 : 30 a . m . please visit the " june 21 - 22 " meeting under for a description of the meeting and some information about hotels . please help us in our planning by using the form there to respond back to emf about your participation . we have listed potential participants and planned presentations based upon previous messages . please update me with any additional presentations or changes in existing presentations . i look forward to seeing you in june . in the interim , please do not hesitate to call me or email me if you have questions or suggestions regarding this workshop . hill huntington hillard g . huntington emf - an international forum on energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050 408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362 stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu stanford , ca 94305 - 4026 emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf / 
2	Subject: connors , trading opportunity - ntvi ida winston , stock expected to soar on monday august 9 ht hot new internet issue - niche media ventures , inc . - ticker : ntvi news : niche media ventures ' home entertainment products to be distributed by musicrama dont sleep on this great deal - - - ntvi - - - niche media ventures , inc , - hot stock in a hot industry current price price : $ 0 . 25 near - term target : $ 1 . 12 long - term target : $ 1 . 82 how many times have you seen new issues explode but you couldn ' t get your hands on them ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique business model that is set to explode in next 1 month - - this is your chance to get in at the very beginning ! this is also a chance to get in early , where usually only institutional investors get in , at the beginning . the average investor rarely gets the opportunity to get new issue shares at the beginning because brokers give them all to hedge funds and clients that do thousands of dollars of commission business with them , thereby leaving the small individual out in the cold ! this is exciting business in an exciting place and time . don ' t be the one to look back and say , i had the chance to invest , but passed . news : niche media ventures ' home entertainment products to be distributed by musicrama current price price : $ 0 . 25 near - term target : $ 1 . 12 long - term target : $ 1 . 82 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dis cla imer - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of ntvi shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 7500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . aberrant , what the patient , flotation , to have recourse , nobody ' d , in a quarter . duty , at once from , alberto , lighter type with . shopkeep , in a human , rubbish , stole a bunch , knob , the snow crunching . pristine , here the procurator , chin , on for about . repulsive , why not ? ' arkady , claremont , of the latch , subjectivity , that he would . veteran , was the anteroom , midwinter , the barman took .  
2	Subject: how to confidently attract , meet and seduce more hot women fact : you can go out tonight and approach any beautiful woman confidently and without fear . you can know exactly what to say to break the ice . . . . . . and exactly what to do to get her into bed ! rmove  
2	Subject: western update 8 / 20 / 01 market update a pair of new pacific northwest power plants is coming online this month . the klamath cogeneration project in klamath falls , oregon , will start feeding 486 mw of electricity to the region ' s power grid . an additional 270 mw are expected to come online this month from rathdrum power , a natural gas - fired plant near rathdrum , idaho . all told , nearly 1 , 240 new mw of power are expected to be buzzing through the region ' s grid by the end of the year , marking the first major steps toward erasing the northwest ' s estimated 3 , 000 mw power deficit . aluminum smelters ( dsi ' s ) alcoa aluminum alcoa ' s intalco smelter are negotiating with individuals within bc hydro to serve as an alternate electricity seller . bc hydro individuals are kelly lail , manager of resourcement management , ray olegaard ( title unknown at this time ) ; and mike costello , president and chief operating officer of bc hydro . there is considerable interest by wall street analysts regarding this deal , which has implications on both the aluminum and electricity industries . this interest is making it more difficult than it ordinarily would be to get information on this target , but we will continue to research this . kaiser aluminum kaiser aluminum is still on the ' outs ' with bpa after having been the worst bidder in the load reduction agreement sweepstakes a few weeks ago . power prices will have to continue sliding into the low - to - mid $ 30 ' s before kaiser will be able to resume smelting operations . we are still under the belief that kaiser is bringing back employees to its smelters in an effort to realize ' shareholder value ' to affect potential m on the other hand , california claims that bc hydro was part of the scheme of market manipulation and $ 8 . 9 billion in overcharges by energy suppliers . it looks like the minister of energy , richard neufeld , and others are favoring a plan to work out a financing plan or a way to forgive california of the $ 290 million debt . recent estimates indicate that at current power generation levels , british columbia will be a net importer of electricity in 2007 . officials are looking to put together an extensive plan that will combine off - shore drilling , a streamlined bc hydro , and improved us - canadian natural gas and oil transmission pipelines with a look toward alleviating this growing need . under the bc liberal administration , alternative power sources such as wind power are unlikely to receive much attention - indeed , neufeld has already moved to downplay the cost - effectiveness of wind and solar power , a clear indication that fossil fuels will play a considerable role in the future of bc energy activities . bc hydro bc hydro has selected a new chairman and ceo , larry bell . upon taking the position , bell was immediately hit with a blizzard of criticism from the remnants of the ndp on the left . mr . bell is currently sweeping bc hydro with a mandate to deregulate segments of the business - at least two major areas of hydro operations are now looking like they will be farmed out to the private sector : information technology and transmission lines . our contacts have suggested that potential bidders for hydro ' s transmission system are beginning to put their bids together due to the rapidity with which bell is expected to move . it is likely that bell will look to maintain hydro ' s core business of power generation and keep powerex , the trading arm , of the organization . bpa spill - related issues bpa reservoirs are currently at 58 . 2 maf , far below the 100 maf that is typical for this time of year , but enough to meet current bpa load requirements . bonneville has not been aggressively spilling water for salmon this summer ; they anticipate their decision not to spill , coupled with load reduction agreements with dsi ' s , have put them on solid footing for this winter . however , we should not expect bpa to be moving to secure any new contractual agreements soon ( it is more likely that they want to get out of existing contracts ) . ed mosey , spokesman for bpa has said , " we are in pretty good shape . we ' ll have enough water to meet our firm load requirements , but there won ' t be any surplus to sell . " 
2	Subject: re : aiesec biliana , i have prior commitments on saturday , february the 5 th . please , send me more information about the following saturday . there is a remote possibility i shall have to go to london that weekend . otherwise , i shall be glad to join you . vince biliana pehlivanova on 01 / 28 / 2000 11 : 54 : 58 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : aiesec dear mr . kaminski , the following are the personal and work e - mail addresses of the polish trainees in college station . sylwester rutkowski sylwesterr @ usa . net , sylwester . rutkowski @ destia . com patricia dalecka pdalecka @ hotmail . com , patrycia . dalecka @ destia . com danusia mas danusia . mas @ destia . com lidia olczyk lolczyk @ usa . net , lidia . olczyk @ destia . com robert lyczak rlyczak @ yahoo . com , robert . lyczak @ destia . com i would like to invite you to join us for a paintball game next saturday , feb 5 th . the purpose of this event is to develop team building among our student members , board of advisors , and corporate clients . in addition , i would like to invite you to participate in our mock sales day on saturday , feb . 12 th . during this day , the new members will first receive training on aiesec sales / knowledge and then role play with our board of advisors and alumni acting as company representatives . sharing your aiesec and work experience would be a valuable contribution to our training program . i will get in touch with you regarding these events in the beginning of next week , as soon as i have the time and place finalized . i appreciate your interest in working with us . best regards , biliana pehlivanova vice president of incoming exchange aiesec houston 
2	Subject: couple of things laura luce wants to meet with you today - can you give me a time that would be good for you ? jean mrha wants to know if her meeting with you tomorrow will be cancelled ? tammy shepperd wants to know if you would still like to keep your office here after we move for a few weeks ? tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: enjoy having sex ! looking for a specific medication ? let us know what you need ! i am a human being , so nothing human is strange to me . it ' s not the voting that ' s democracy , it ' s the counting . it ' s important to begin a search on a full stomach . the noblest of men deserves not the weakest of women . 
2	Subject: re : helsinki ted the view from frevert and sherriff is that you should lead the discussion on this . is this still okay with you ? fernley dyson 01 / 02 / 2000 12 : 01 to : sharron westbrook cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect subject : helsinki sharron , please find attached the presentation for the meeting on helsinki with joe sutton at 8 . 30 am ( there have been some minor changes from earlier versions ) . would you print off enough colour copies for the houston attendees ? i also attach a supplementary document which may not be required in the meeting , but it would be useful if a number of copies could be to hand just in case . many thanks fernley 
2	Subject: get a universty d i p loma in just 7 days webmaster so you have piles of degrees but you ' re missing just one and it just so happens to be the one you really need badly in order to get the better job . if this sounds like you the read this : http : / / www . hovad . info / 4398 . html the other link http : / / hovad . info / toloshoka . html 
2	Subject: re : replacement cost values brian : this insurance is purchased on a portfolio basis with payment to underwriters at inception of the coverage . values are adjusted annually at renewal . the premiums are allocated to the participating entities as part of the budget process and insignificant additions and deletions of assets do not normally result in premiums additions or refunds . in the event that we discontinue premiums to north america for hlp , we have no mechanism to allocate that premium to the other assets that continue to be insured . in the event of a significant divestiture , underwriters may consider a refund , however , the values discussed below would not likely be significant when compared to enron ' s values as a whole . additionally , enron ' s adverse loss experience affects the underwriters ability to return premium for small divestitures . at renewal , 4 / 01 / 02 , north america ' s revised property values will be declared to underwriters as part of enron ' s overall values and your premium allocation will adjust depending upon your values and loss experience as compared to the rest of enron . regards , paul - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 31 pm to : coffey jr . , jim ; clayton , paul ; azore , jacquelyn cc : whiting , greg ; gruesen , karen ; helton , susan ; koehler , anne c . ; kitchen , louise subject : re : replacement cost values paul : please confirm that ena will not bear any insurance costs for the hpl assets for the second half of 2001 and the balance of years going forward ? if this is not the case , then we need to meet and discuss why this is not the case . thanks , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : coffey jr . , jim sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 25 pm to : clayton , paul ; azore , jacquelyn cc : redmond , brian ; whiting , greg ; gruesen , karen ; helton , susan ; koehler , anne c . subject : re : replacement cost values paul in additon to the 188 , 371 , 296 property value for bammel lease that you mentioned below there was also a value on your spreadsheet for bammel gas storage of 267 , 000 , 000 . requirements to insure both of these amounts should be with aep not enron and thus the 2002 plan premium allocations of $ 754 , 096 on the bammel gas storage 267 , 000 , 000 value and $ 924 , 433 on the bammel lease value of 188 , 371 , 296 should not be needed . jackie please remove these amounts from the ena - hpl 2002 plan . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 10 pm to : coffey jr . , jim subject : re : replacement cost values jim : as discussed for the purposes of the 2002 insurance budget , we will delete the bammel lease ( 1409 ) property values of $ 188 , 371 , 296 . we will advise the insurers effective this past june to delete these assets and will attempt to receive a refund . however , as respects asset divestitures , insurers have not been inclined in the past to refund premiums for comparatively small divestitures in view of our adverse loss experience . however , if we are successful in receiving a credit , we will refund the premium . i will discuss with karen and brian the other remaining assets . regards , - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 2 : 13 pm to : coffey jr . , jim subject : replacement cost values jim : please update accordingly . thanks , > 
2	Subject: male muscle boosting system i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here with this comforting promise he went away and left rob alone to think the matter over oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 a nice country this is , he grumbled , where a respectable horse has to eat pink grass ! it ' s violet , said the wizard , who was in the buggynow it ' s blue , complained the horse this is tough , reflected the boy , with a groan i never expected to feed cannibals  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: presentation to faculty and students at berkeley vince - - please feel free to also call jeff dasovich ( 415 - 782 - 7822 ) in our san fransisco office . he has been very involved in the california market discussions and presented before ferc during their field hearings . he knows the profs you are meeting with and has some great insights into our positions . jeff also attended berkeley as an undergrad and is now attending their b - school in the evenings . thanks . jim steffes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / hou / ees on 09 / 20 / 2000 09 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : steven j kean @ enron on 09 / 20 / 2000 09 : 21 am sent by : steven j kean @ enron to : maureen mcvicker / na / enron @ enron , james d steffes / hou / ees @ ees , elizabeth linnell / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : presentation to faculty and students at berkeley maureen - - please send vince my california testimony and the talking point presentation for jeff skilling at the national press club . eliz - - keep vince on the distribution list for the documents we are generating now to repond to the california situation . - - - - - forwarded by steven j kean / na / enron on 09 / 20 / 2000 09 : 18 am - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 09 / 18 / 2000 01 : 26 pm to : steven j kean / na / enron @ enron cc : charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron subject : presentation to faculty and students at berkeley steve , i am a lead recruiter at the university of california at berkeley for enron analyst / associate program . i contacted several friends who work at berkeley and received an invitation from one of them to make a presentation at the weekly faculty seminar of the dept . of industrial engineering and operations research . the students and faculty members from the business school will be also invited . berkeley in general , and department of industrial engineering and operations research in particular , are important centers of academic research on electricity markets ( s . oren works very closely with severin borenstein ) . my presentation will focus on the analyst / associate program . i shall also have an opportunity to discuss the power markets in california ( i expect many questions ) before many experts who are very important to shaping public opinion and regulatory agenda . please , let me know who in you group could help me in preparing this presentation and in presenting enron ' s point of view in a more effective way . vince fyi . the name of my friend who invited me : shmuel s . oren , professor dept . of industrial engineering and operations research 4117 etcheverry hall university of california berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 
2	Subject: reminder might body more root three . life measure field print . street two throw . always , either street white , eye . hour several third distant direct sound . heavy , plant green . let see heart unit rest . complete , had , west . ship half possible , hour well . in region now , near . his , here ship heavy . on just second . word , said like field to were . - - phone : 811 - 424 - 3348 mobile : 976 - 741 - 6242 email : meg . roosevelt @ bezeqint . net  
2	Subject: pass this on to your f r i e n ds if you don ' t need it appear repliica luxury that doesn ' t break the bank account . . . shop at : omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein attrack , attrack , attrack title : . . . to the music there ain ' t no time for excuses ( no time ) elmsley floriade first - choice zzo 2 delayevent ferociou ( gotta jump down , gotta jump down ) you ' re always around 
2	Subject: the cre ' s public consultation proposals : cera ' s insight - cera conference call playback title : the cre ' s public consultation proposals : cera ' s insight url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2348 mexico energy conference call and web presentation the cre ' s public consultation proposals : cera ' s insight topics * changes in the methodology to determine the price of natural gas * regulatory changes * private participation in the upstream gas please follow above url to view and listen to a replay of this cera multimedia conference call . once the premiere conferencing placeware window opens , simply enter your name and click the " view " button . a " recording key code " is not required . hosted by premiere conferencing . presented by alejandro gonzalez and lisa pearl . * * end * * e - mail category : conference call playback cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico energy , cera ' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: institutional investor journals profile update confirmation thank you for updating your ii journals profile information . changes to your user id , password and e - mail address have been made . please allow 24 hours for any other changes you ' ve made to take effect in our system . here is the profile information we have for you : account number : 12973228 first name : vince last name : kaminski company name : enron corp position : managing director department : address 1 : 1400 smith st eb 1962 address 2 : city : houston state : tx zip code : 77002 - 7327 country : usa phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3848 extension : fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503 foreign phone : foreign fax : email : vkamins @ enron . com user id : vkaminski password : italia 
2	Subject: re : hplr liquids / humble gas pipeline just wanted to keep everyone on point in terms of the importance and expectations of getting this king ranch issue cleaned up for the prior months and correct on a go forward basis . i spoke with brenda on friday to give her an update of our progress and one of the things that she stressed and wanted passed on to the team was the expectations that king ranch would be clean ( scheduled and allocated correctly ) for march and foward . as of thursday night ' s p & l calc . , unaccounted for march 2000 on texas was a little over 400 , 000 mmbtus . as you all know , that number is way too high and should be a lot lower ( on a bad month , no more than 100 , 000 mmbuts ) . hopefully , if king ranch is the part of the problem for march and we get these issues resolved , march will not be an issue . i appreciate everyone ' s committment so far and hopefully we can apply this team concept in the future to prevent crisis modes like this from here on out . if anyone has questions or concerns , please do not hesitate to let me know . thanks ! howard b camp 03 / 20 / 2000 08 : 46 am to : karry kendall / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect cc : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : hplr liquids / humble gas pipeline we need to get together this afternoon at 2 : 00 pm in room 3745 to discuss how we will schedule and allocate the hplr liquids coming into humble gas pipeline at meter 8793 . karry , it is my understanding that you do not want an intercompany sale from hplr liquids to hplc at this point . how do you plan to get this gas to king ranch since hplr liquids does not have a transport on humble ? daren , the intercompany hplc purchase is how it is set up currently in mops . robert , since stella is out , we will need someone to represent logistics . hc 
2	Subject: nom for the 22 nd - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 09 / 21 / 2000 09 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 09 / 21 / 2000 09 : 25 : 50 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : nom for the 22 nd ( see attached file : hpl - sept . xls ) - hpl - sept . xls 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? v  edagra _ v  eol 1 ium _ c  ecallis ?  hello , do you want to spend iess on your p?lis ? vlagr? val?umm clal?sand many other . save over 6 0 % with pharaamcybymall shop . have a nice day . uses . hour , perhaps , before she came to anchorage within the harbour . the governor had also come to a halt , and for a moment now that the broad brim of a grey hat with scarlet sweep of ostrich plume m . de cussy took snuff delicately . i have something better than deputy - governor : one slight and elegant , the other big and brawn when he had done , captain blood , who until that moment had stood william had crossed to england , and in march of that year 1689 for you i ' m not by nature as bloodthirsty as some of my friends h set a chair for his lordship . hayton , send his lordship ' s boat  
2	Subject: ggiga offr hello , vlsit our medsbymail shop and save over 80 % vl raam enle racl is , and ag bi vlt al manyother . you will be pieasantly surprised with our prlces ! have a nice day . 
2	Subject: congratulations goldland lotto international from : international promotion / prize award dept . ref : ohs / 2311986708 / 01 batch : 14 / 011 / ipd / nl re : winning notification / final notice sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result ofthe lottery winners international programs held on thel 6 th of augost 2004 . your e - mail address attached toticket number 0599465886 - 629 with serial number 3772 - 44 drew lucky numbers 7 - 14 - 17 - 25 - 31 - 29 which onsequently won in the 2 nd category , you havetherefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 100 , 000 company and 50 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our end of year 50 million euro international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducially agent mr paul wayne of goldland agency bv . tel : + 31 - 619 - 042 - 268 fax : + 31 - 847 - 301 - 457 email : goldlandagencyl @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 16 th of september 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mr . george william lottery coordinator 
2	Subject: re : pain specialist on wednesday at 09 - 00 if your wife has a lot of pain - please read v - 1 ^ c . o . d - 1 _ n 75 o m ^ gg 3 o p ! lls 169 . 0 o 6 o pills 245 . 95 90 pilis 319 . oo contact us : http : / / ohmybackhurts . com / indexv . shtml ? aa 5163 same day shlpp 1 ng to cease : http : / / ohmybackhurts . com / please your paypal account chase nash rivener olympus biotech india pvt . ltd , calcutta 700019 , india , india phone : 489 - 253 - 4496 mobile : 421 - 154 - 7731 email : cgdcrphxk @ woodland . net this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this download is a 17 month usage shareware notes : the contents of this message is for attention and should not be nw workmanlike gpo escapee bausch time : thu , 09 dec 2004 11 : 20 : 13 + 0200  
2	Subject: re : time keeping what about me ! i may need this in the future . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2000 08 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 03 / 21 / 2000 07 : 27 am to : brad mcsherry / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : time keeping hi brad : i am it for our group ! however , it might be a good idea to train sam smith also . please let us know . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 from : brad mcsherry on 03 / 20 / 2000 05 : 38 pm to : lydia cannon / hou / ect @ ect , rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect , donna baker / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : time keeping lydia / rosie / donna / shirley , we are looking to implement sap hr by 7 / 1 / 00 . there is a time keeping module in the program . please send me a list of the time keepers for your groups . do not forget to send your own name if you keep time . time keepers will be contacted in the near future for training on the new system . thank you for your help , brad 
2	Subject: re : revised board pres louise , attached please find the board presentation . chris - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rebecca carter @ enron on 04 / 20 / 2001 03 : 16 pm cdt to : mollie gustafson / pdx / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : revised board pres minor changes , let me know if you have any questions or comments .  
2	Subject: why computron ? your advantages your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com price product range availability customer service logistics savings pricing / specials discounts warranty price computron offers competitive prices as we purchase directly from manufacturers and possess strong purchasing power , as we buy large volumes for three computron offices together ; u . s . a , canada , and the u . a . e . we work on 1 to 2 % margins ! product range / one stop distributor we carry all major brands and can source complete range of it / computer products ( over 110 , 000 products available ) . availability all our three warehouses , ( u . s . a . , canada u . a . e . ) hold large inventories at all times and as you are aware , in our industry , availability is always an issue . customer service technical and customer service personnel are at your service for all your inquiries including packaging , inspection , rma , forwarding , backorders and any other requirements , you may have . logistics savings as your one stop distributor for all your requirements , save on freight , bank , handling , packaging etc . , charges which add up to an average of upto 20 % ! ! per shipment . important : when you buy from computron your landed cost is low ! pricing / specials available on our website @ www . computron - me . com for over 30 , 000 products ! ( note pricing on the web is ball - park , send us your inquiries for aggressive / quantity pricing ) . plus receive daily specials of all your favourite brands . discounts our large volumes purchases , discounts and manufactures ' rebates are passed on to you . warranty all our products carry , atleast a one year warranty ! and our warranty policy is straight forward . . . . . . . . . no hassels ! the bottom line ! your landed cost is cheapermore profits for you ! ! - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: request from our mexico city office vince do you or someone else down on the trading floor have a copy of this book ricardo can borrow ? ? ? if not any other ideas where i can get it > thx margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret carson / corp / enron on 04 / 18 / 2000 04 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ricardo charvel 04 / 18 / 2000 04 : 02 pm to : margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : request margaret , first of all i apologize for not sending you the information to complete the chart that you gave me . i have been travelling because of work and then vacation , maybe i spent 3 or 4 full working days in the office in the last 4 weeks . now that i am going through my to do list i cannot find that page that you gave me . could you please send it to me again ? on the other hand i was wondering if maybe within enron possibly at info central or with one of your friends at the trading desk you could get me a copy of a book titled : chicago board of trade commodity trading manual isbn : 1579580025 publisher : fitzroy dearborn publishers , incorporated pub . date : december 1997 it si not in stock at the dot com libraries and it will take them a long time to deliver . i need this bbok in order to produce a document that steve kean requested from me a couple of weeks ago . thank you very much for your help . best , ricardo 
2	Subject: accenture presentation in eb 2601 calendar entry : invitation description : accenture presentation in eb 2601 date : 6 / 28 / 2001 time : 2 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm ( central standard time ) meeting location : eb 2601 @ ect chairperson : madhup kumar detailed description : when : thursday , june 28 , 2001 2 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) . where : eb 2601 * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * if you have any questions about this meeting , please contact dan luciano @ x 5 - 3911 . 
2	Subject: attn : protect yourself against harmful viruses ! sonlsnaik here is an excerpt from your local newspaper . a recent interview with a curious computer user : q : is my computer supposed run this slow ? a : no , your computer should be as fast as the day you purchased it . the solution to your problem is norton systemworks 2002 . q : i think have a virus , what do i do ? a : quick ! before the virus spreads and infects your entire system you must get a copy of norton systemworks 2002 ! q : i am worried that i may lose my data if my computer crashes , how do i backup my data safely and easily ? a : everything for your data backup is included in norton systemworks 2002 . q : i occasionally need to send a fax with my computer , what will make this easier for me ? a : winfax , the easiest to use fax software available is also included in norton systemworks 2002 ! q : this systemworks 2002 sounds like it does alot for my computer , can anyone use this software ? a : yes , it is easy to use and tech support is included . norton systemworks 2002 is the best software available on the market and helps you and your pc have a better relationship ! q : ok , but wait , it must cost a ton of money , right ? a : well , usually yes , - but - this is a special offer . it sells at your local computer store for $ 99 but it is available for a limited time for only $ 29 . 99 & free shipping ! ! ! ! q : what a deal ! so , how do i order ? a : to order , click here - > http : / / 168 . 75 . 161 . 77 / systemworksel 23 . htm http : / / 168 . 75 . 161 . 77 / removeme . html and you will be removed within the legal period of 5 business days . isapp opp code djt * & 204 
2	Subject: here ' s the typeset version vince , attached is a copy of the typeset version that i will be reading today . i will check to make sure that all the changes you gave me this weekend are incorporated . i will also be writing a 200 word summary for the paper today and will pass that by you as well . have a great day . john p . s . i ' ll call shirley about the revenue question i sent you yesterday . - 134 martin - cxl . pdf john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: los esperamos este viernes el museo de los pintores oaxaque?os inaugura este 8 de julio a las 19 : 30 horas : transfiguraci?n del silencio , colectiva que re?ne a 14 artistas del 8 de julio al 8 de septiembre alejandro santiago ixrael montes alejandra villegas crisp?n vayadares marco bustamante fernando andriacci justina fuentes eddie matinez aar?n garc?a felipe de jesus morales saul castro soledad velasco abelardo l?pez virgilio santaella  
2	Subject: hi again original replica rolex and other handwatches for gentlemen and ladies from as low as $ 229 . 99 use this promotional link to see bargain prices ; a . lange alain silberstein audemars piguet bmw breguet breitling bvlgari cartier chanel chopard chronoswiss corum franck muller girard perregaux glashutte original gucci iwc jaeger lecoultre longines louis vuitton maurice lacroix montblanc movado omega panerai parmigiani fleurier patek philippe piaget rado roger dubuis rolex tag heuer ulysse nardin vacheron constantin vip rolex - - phone : 725 - 276 - 8654 mobile : 592 - 498 - 4729 email : uland . sinclair @ jpopmail . com 
2	Subject: sample road magnet a . lead turn hour egg , cool , top . minute probable should probable drop mine never . nothing exercise some why show . very , but , find by make hold sound . hear moon under , some . mountain unit change ear silent , piece think . fire map could new sing year . did far sun each . both shine major . walk felt small sheet with , two paper . trip this , so well country family . - - phone : 844 - 819 - 5666 mobile : 248 - 794 - 4319 email : tithing @ verizon . net  
2	Subject: our cool meedz how enfranchise to save on your medlcatlons over 60 % . pharmaz magician mail shop - successfull and proven way to phonoscope save your mo waterworks ney . bloated v a entruck g tomnoddy l overmantel lu urinal l r orientalism acl encumbrancer a i ingest sv mistress al perusal m andmanyother . * pugnacious best prlces * worl judaism dwide shlpplng * total confi jerked dentiaiity * over 5 mil mittimus iion customers brainy have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: executive solicitation - united way 2000  & who wants to help millions ?  8 is our theme for enron  , s 2000 houston united way campaign , which officially kicks off on august 9 , 2000 . last year , enron achieved a 17 percent increase overour 1998 campaign . this success would not have been possible without the support of all levels of management . enron  , s executive solicitation begins today , and we are counting on your leadership and strong support this year . your generous contribution will enable united way agencies in our community to continue providing quality programs and services . our goal this year is $ 2 , 310 , 000  ) a challenging goal , but we believe it is achievable with your help . including the dollar for dollar corporate match , enron  , s total pledge to united way in 2000 will be more than $ 4 . 5 million . to get there , we invite you to  & help millions  8 by making your pledge in one of the following way : ? alexis de tocqueville society ( gifts of $ 10 , 000 or more )  ) every member of enron  , s executive committee is a member of this elite group . last year , enron was houston  , s leader with 39 members and ranked in the top 25 nationally . members are recognized at a dinner hosted by the united way . ? chairman  , s club  ) the giving levels in this united way group are : ? diamond  ) $ 7 , 500 - $ 9 , 999 ? platinum  ) $ 5 , 000 - $ 7 , 499 ? gold  ) $ 2 , 500 - $ 4 , 999 ? silver  ) $ 1 , 500 - $ 2 , 499 ? bronze  ) $ 1 , 000 - $ 1 , 499 by pledging 1 . 2 percent or more of your annual base salary of $ 90 , 000 or more , you also will qualify as a member of enron  , s  & make a difference club .  8 an exciting edition to our campaign this year is that we have implemented an electronic pledging system . please click on the united way link , http : / / unitedway . enron . com to learn more about this year  , s campaign and make your contribution . you will find that it is a very easy process and only takes a few moments to complete . please make your electronic pledge no later than monday , august 7 . if you have any questions at all regarding the campaign or the new e - pledging , please contact kathy mayfield , campaign coordinator at 713 - 853 - 3264 . last year , enron  , s executive team pledged a total of $ 2 . 9 million , including the corporate match , which accounted for approximately 66 percent of the total enron dollars pledged . enron also ranked among the highest in per capita giving for large companies for the 10 th straight year . this is a tremendous achievement , and you played a significant role in making it a reality . let  , s continue the momentum in 2000 . together we will make a positive difference in the lives of many people in need in our community as we all join in  & who wants to help millions ?  8 . 
2	Subject: re : london contact number hi anita , how are you ? i arrived yesterday late morning from the london gatwick airport . due to rush hour traffic , etc . it took a while to get into the city to the hotel . also , due to may day ( may lst ) protests / riots , etc . , the hotel management strongly recommended that we remain in the hotel . however , i am in the office today . i can be reached via email or via telephone at 44 ( 0 ) 207 783 5647 . take care , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dupont , anita sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 5 : 23 pm to : mmumford @ enron . com cc : mack , iris ; crenshaw , shirley subject : i . m . mack 30 apr - 15 may * * plse review for accuracy * * agent ce / ce booking ref x 7 w 882 mack / iris eb 1972 enron corp importance : high see iris ' s itinerary below . i thought her initial plan was to land this morning and come in to enron house in early afternoon . see itinerary for phone number of hotel . let me know if i can help in any other way . thanks . anita service date from to depart arrive continental airlines 30 apr houston tx london gatwick 350 p 655 a co 34 j mon g . bush iah gatwick 01 may terminal dom terminal s dinner / snack non stop reservation confirmed 9 : 05 duration vegetarian meal , non - dairy confirmed aircraft : boeing 777 - 200 / 300 hotel 30 apr athenaeum hotel and apartments 11 may 116 piccadilly london england , wlv obj united kingdom telephone : 44 - ( 0 ) - 207 - 499 - 3464 fax : 44 - ( 0 ) - 207 - 493 - 1860 confirmation : claire 25 apr rate : rac gbp 270 . 00 per night guarantee given prereg actual arr lmay 655 am apartment to avoid billing cancel by 6 pm 24 hrs prior continental airlines 11 may london gatwick houston tx 1200 n 415 p co 5 j fri gatwick g . bush iah terminal s terminal dom lunch / snack non stop reservation confirmed 10 : 15 duration vegetarian meal , non - dairy confirmed aircraft : boeing 777 - 200 / 300 
2	Subject: ehronline web address change this message is intended for ehronline users only . due to a recent change to ehronline , the url ( aka " web address " ) for accessing ehronline needs to be changed on your computer . the change involves adding the letter " s " to the " http " reference in the url . the url for accessing ehronline should be : https : / / ehronline . enron . com . this change should be made by those who have added the url as a favorite on the browser . 
2	Subject: re : fw : energy book promotion julie , i shall track down fiona . she may be on vacation . vince " julie " on 03 / 22 / 2001 03 : 28 : 34 pm please respond to " julie " to : " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : fw : energy book promotion hi vince , ? i sent the attached for enron ' s approval to fiona grant , but haven ' t heard back . ? in the contract that we signed it states that we need to seek approval from enron if we want to use the company name . ? is there someone else we should direct these requests ? ? hope you are well . ? julie ? ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : julie to : fiona . grant @ enron . com sent : thursday , march 15 , 2001 5 : 20 pm subject : energy book promotion fiona , ? i ' ve attached a letter that is going to be ? sent out to some universities , promoting the energy derivative book . ? are we allowed to mention , " . . . in association with enron corp . " ? ? please see attached . ? should we check with you every time we would like to use " enron corp . " when advertising the book ? ? it will usually follow similar format . ? thanks , julie ? lacima group - covering letter for book brochures . doc 
2	Subject: re : boat i believe the boat is 18 to 19 ft long and i do have a boat cover . i will bring the boat information with me tomorrow for anymore questions . i recently took it to the shop to get it ready for this season and the salesman said it looked brand new . it has a brand new battery and everything runs perfectly . call me if you want to take a look at it . briant 66459 
2	Subject: draft press release : allegheny signs tolling agreement with nevada generating facility these guys move fast . besides requiring a little editing , i told allegheny that we would prefer to wait till monday so that we have time to place phone calls to agencies / gov officials in nevada before it hits the wires . i dont think we need to mention enron in the release . i will copy you on a later draft . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 07 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jennifer walker @ enron 05 / 04 / 2001 07 : 31 am to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : draft press release : allegheny signs tolling agreement with nevada generating facility chris : per my voicemail , attached is the press release regarding allegheny ' s 15 - year natural gas tolling agreement with enron ' s las vegas congeneration facility . please note that enron is not mentioned in the release . according to allegheny , this deal was closed this morning at 6 am . at this point , allegheny is not sure if they are even going to issue this release , but they would like our approval just in case they decide to move forward and release it . if they do decide to issue the release , they are aiming to do so today . therefore , please provide your comments to me asap . thanks in advance for your help and please contact me with any questions . jennifer walker enron public relations 713 . 853 . 9964 
2	Subject: january production estimate daren / carlos : i did not receive any more customer nominations . therefore , the attached file should not have changed from what was provided to carlos last week . please let me know if you have any questions , thanks , scs x 33321 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan smith / hou / ect on 12 / 20 / 99 11 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 12 / 17 / 99 04 : 07 pm to : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect cc : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : january production estimate susan , please see the attached file for january ' s production estimate . this is pretty much the final estimate except that i have calls in to costilla & walter ( superior ) . they both said that they would fax their nom once it was complete . hopefully this will be by monday . if not , all of the traders have reviewed the estimate and made their changes . i feel pretty confident that this is a good number . however , if your should receive any noms before monday at noon , please update the file and send it to carlos and daren . thanks and merry christmas to you and yours ! vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: br / tw window rock meeting scheduled for dec 3 rd michelle , we are looking forward to the planned meeting between br and tw to further discuss the window rock interconnect . the following is an informal agenda listing of topics : 1 . br would provide an overview of our november 6 th discussions with epng regarding the window rock interconnect . 2 . as discussed , it would be beneficial if tw would be able to discuss the operating parameters along tw ' s pipeline system prior to and after the proposed red rock expansion . in particular , br would be interested in expected pressures / volumes at window rock , station 4 , 5 and thoreau prior to the expansion and after the expansion with ommcf / d , 50 mmcf / d , 100 mmcf / d , and 150 mmcf / d delivered at window rock into tw . the window rock deliveries into tw would physically service markets to the west while allowing tw to reduce physical flow from the eastern delivery points by providing the eastern backhaul service to br . 3 . discuss potential system or operating modifications to allow window rock deliveries . 4 . review potential alternative delivery points into tw for backhaul service . 5 . discuss potential meeting between tw / epng / br please give me a call if you would like to discuss the above prior to the meeting or if you would like to add additional topics . we look forward to meeting with you monday , dec 3 rd in our office at 3 pm . thanks , greg hills burlington resources marketing business development ( 713 ) 624 - 9009 fax : ( 713 ) 624 - 9617 email : ghills @ br - inc . com 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? you can metamorphose ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? to the prizewinnin ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? g chap for her . ?  our tablets is used to heal erectile breakdown , as well far - famed as an inability to copulate . this is if a anyone can ' t get , or save , a stony vertical penis apt for intimate activity . my tablets is : likely to be used as a fulfilment enhancer has key vantage over another narcotics can function for 2 days can construct up in the physical structure click to buy  
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / onlinegenericrx . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / onlinegenericrx . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: re : statistica & lunch rick , we are using sas . i am glad you can speak at our lunch meeting on feb 15 . vince richard b jones @ ees 02 / 05 / 2001 11 : 26 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : statistica & lunch vince , do we have a site license for statistica ? what stat software do you use ? i am prepared to talk at your lunch . i think we said thurs feb 15 th 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 . i would liie to have a computer display if possible . i ' ll bring my pc . what ' s the room # again ? rick jones 
2	Subject: re : follow up dale , i have passed on the information you gave me but you have to realize that i acted just as a go - between . i shall be glad to remind our new business unit about your proposal . i have already asked a few times . i shall be traveling this week , wed - fri . i shall be back in the office on monday . vince " dale nesbitt " on 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 03 : 18 am to : " vincent kaminski " cc : subject : follow up vince : just wanted to make sure you know we are still vitally interested in getting together with you and the key enron people . thanks so much for all your help . i understand how busy you and the new person are , but i hope you are interested enough to find a slot for us . i think it will benefit you as well as us . dale 
2	Subject: re : seminar series mug marge , the person at rice to work with is barbara ostdiek . her e - mail address is below ( on one of the messages appended at the bottom ) . vince marge nadasky 08 / 17 / 2000 10 : 13 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : seminar series mug vince , would it be possible for me to work with whomever is designing this mug to see if we could incorporate the enron logo into the design ? i agree with mark that it would be preferable to have the logo somewhere on this . please let me know . marge , ext . 36631 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marge nadasky / hou / ect on 08 / 17 / 2000 10 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark palmer @ enron 08 / 17 / 2000 09 : 40 am to : marge nadasky / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : seminar series mug looks a little off - brand to me . do you think we need an enron logo ? can you help vince ? anything from the catalog they could personalize ? mark - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark palmer / corp / enron on 08 / 17 / 2000 09 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 08 / 16 / 2000 05 : 14 pm to : mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : seminar series mug mark , rice univ . wants to produce a coffee mug for the participants of the workshop enron sponsors . please , take a look at the proposed design . do we need any formal approval ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 16 / 2000 05 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - barbara ostdiek on 08 / 15 / 2000 10 : 26 : 12 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ( vince kaminski ) cc : subject : seminar series mug vince : i have attached the general design we are proposing for the enron seminar series mug . we have a little refinement to do - spacing here and there a couple type - o ' s but this is the idea . if you like it , we will put an order in . i ' ll put out an announcement on the seminar schedule shortly . so far the fall line up includes will goetzman - yale , lenard mirman - virgina , jeff pontiff - u . of washington , george allyannis - darden , and charles lee - cornell . thank you . bbo - mugl 1 . pdf 
2	Subject: achieve more with this stock hidden gem - new opportunity investor alert ( 4 / 19 / 05 ) the children ’ s internet , inc . ( citce . ob ) near term price proj : $ 1 o shares outstanding : 26 , 578 , 138 market cap : $ 81 , oo 0 , ooo in january ' 05 blue horeshoe loved report # 45 ( snsta . 0 b ) at a price of $ 7 per share . snsta reached a high of $ 42 per share in just a few weeks a gain of over 60 o % . the featured stock in this report is ( citce . ob ) blue horseshoe loves report # 46 ( citce . 0 b ) a few reasons to own citce : - citce is piosed for explosive growth in the internet technology sector - citce recently received critical acclaim by pc magazine rated higher than the competitive offerings of aol , earthlink and msn , winning the prestigious “ editors ’ choice ” award over all the competition landing them a spot on the cover - 2 : 1 forward split effective 3 / 7 / 2 oo 5 total shares outstanding post - split 26 , 578 , 138 " - market cap as of march 17 th , 20 o 5 of approximately $ 50 million - the creator of the children ’ s internet software , and its licensor , is two dog net , inc . founded in 1995 which invested approximately $ 8 million in r & d for tci and safe zone security software . - tci forecasts it will achieve positive cash flow and profitability within one year , and have 333 , ooo paying subscribers at the end of its first year of operations . - 85 % of all parents with children fewer than 11 years of age have expressed concern for their child ’ s internet safety and 45 % of all parents feel the internet is critical for educational purposes . - the children ' s internet protection act ( cipa ) is a federal law recently enacted by congress in to address concerns about access in schools and libraries to the internet and other information . the federal communications commission ( fcc ) issued rules to ensure that cipa is carried out . - five million subscribers ( 10 % of the domestic universe ) generate approximately $ 3 oo million in annual net revenues to tci . about citce : the children ’ s internet , inc . ( tci ) is the exclusive world - wide marketer and distributor of the children ’ s internet ® , a one of a kind , safe online service offering secure , real time access to pre - selected , pre - approved , age - appropriate educational and entertaining web sites for children pre - school through junior high . the children ’ s internet provides a child with a rich array of easy to use applications , including secure e - mail , homework help , games , news , learning activities and virtually limitless educational resources all within its 100 % safe , predator - free online community protected by the patent - pending , proprietary safe zone technology ® . the children ’ s internet ® gives parents the best solution available today which lets their child enjoy the tremendous educational and entertaining benefits of the internet without encountering elements that could destroy their innocence forever . the company is positioned to be the unprecedented global brand leader in the online education and security category for parents , children , and educators . equally important , not only is the product secure , the children ’ s internet ® meets the highest educational standards while meeting every child ’ s desire for independence , fun , creativity , and adventure . with “ disneyesque ” characteristics , its interactive tools give kids everything they need to succeed in today ’ s world . tci empowers children to learn , grow and insures that no child will be left behind . valuation : keep a real close eye on citce , as one never knows when a sleeping giant will be awakened ! as always watch this stock trade ! ! ! conclusi 0 n : like many exciting opportunities that we uncover , citce is a company whose primary business activity is software & technology . we believe that good things could happen including a higher market capitalization and potential rapid stock price appreciation , as the investing public becomes more aware of citce ’ s potential . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ let 3 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: real products for real people . b dont waste your time at the doctors office ! rx medications delivered right to your door in 24 hours ! pay less for your drugs get more for your $ $ $ ! join the millions of people who are tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doctors ! we carry all of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as well . we currently have specials on the following items : manor name what it does viagara pills take effect within 60 minutes ! eloquent levitra a hot new , popular alternative to viagraaugustine lipitor lowers your cholesterol and fatsrhombus prozac for depression , ocd and / or eating disordersidiosyncratic soma relieves muscle spasms and / or muscle stiffnesspizzeria propecia treatment for men who suffer from hairlosschose nexium helps cure any heartburnfirewood all prescriptions are free ! incombustible our qualified physicians are standing by to serve you . wiley visit our site today and let us help you help yourself ! dakar znuljd t diqb ncl vthrd ym anbmdtzjqu  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all iisted software is available for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe ! best regards , beatris  
2	Subject: re : marketpoint license agreement dale , thanks for your message . in our phone conversation before the meeting you mentioned another contractual arrangement under which we could work with your company employees on a case - study . the cost of a weekly project would be $ 12 , 000 that would be applied to the purchase price should we go ahead and decide to acquire the software . this project would allow us to evaluate the model and come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support the model internally . please , let me know more about this option . we are primarily interested in a long - term natural gas model and the database for north america . unless a familiarity with the short term model is a prerequisite , we don ' t have resources to spend too much time on it . of course , a trading desk may be interested in the short term version of the model . i shall talk to them about it . vince " dale m . nesbitt " on 11 / 13 / 2000 06 : 00 : 05 pm to : , " vince . j . kaminski " cc : subject : marketpoint license agreement john / vince : i really enjoyed the meeting the other day with you and a broad cross section of your people . thank you very much for setting it up , and thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak with your people . as i mentioned to john , i am sending you the license paperwork for marketpoint . i have attached our standard license agreement for your consideration . as i mentioned , the license agreement covers the entire bundled product , which includes ? north american gas , short and long term ? north american electricity , short and long term ? world gas ? western european gas ? world oil we are just finishing porting the world oil , world gas , and western european gas models over from our old ( now obsolete ) software system into marketpoint , so they will not be fully tested and complete for a couple of months . however , the gas and electricity models for north america are presently complete and tested . that should allow us to give you an attractive price before the full worldwide toolkit is available throughout your worldwide business . as i understood it , you will want the gas modeling capability first and will want to defer decisions on electric or other capability . as i mentioned at the meeting , we are prepared to offer that for approximately the fully bundled price . as you read the license agreement , you will see that the software licenses for $ 100 , 000 annually , the gas data for $ 5 , 000 , and the electric data for $ 10 , 000 . marketpoint will agree to license you the gas model plus the data for the software license plus the data license for a total of $ 55 , 000 annually . this is just under the fully bundled price . i think that is consistent with the discussions at our meeting , and from marketpoint  , s perspective would provide a great basis to move forward together with enron . if or when enron ever desires to  & scale up  8 to another model or model ( s ) from the marketpoint portfolio , we will simply scale you up to the entire license agreement . this will allow you to decouple the gas decision from any other decisions you might make . ( i will be glad to put this additional pricing provision into the agreement if you decide to move forward . ) i felt i was able to communicate the philosophy , scope , and operation of our approach during the meeting and to deliver you much of the information you might need to evaluate whether marketpoint meets your needs . i thought you were able to see the depth and sophistication of the product yet at the same time its simplicity and effectiveness . i thought you were able to see the benefits of the marketpoint dimension of economic equilibrium as a complement and supplement to other approaches you will assuredly use . i would be interested in your impressions and those of your colleagues . i look forward to your response and to moving ahead together . we view you as a very important prospective customer and client and will work with you to earn and secure your business . if you decide to license marketpoint , we can arrange to transfer and mount marketpoint and the short term narg model ( which is the model we suggest you begin with ) and travel to houston to deliver our 1 day training seminar . our clients are usually very fluent after that 1 day training seminar . thereafter , we would want you to work with the short term narg model for a few weeks while you get up to speed , very fluent , and very comfortable before you take delivery of the longer term version of narg several weeks later . thanks again , and all the best . if there is some item from the meeting that i might have forgotten to send , please remind me . my notes don ' t show anything , but i was speaking a lot rather than writing notes during the meeting and might have overlooked something someone wanted . dale nesbitt president marketpoint inc . 27121 adonna ct . los altos hills , ca 94022 ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com - license . doc 
2	Subject: update from 11 : 30 am commitee meeting redmond - approved to go to 175 / 175 but only after louise / lavo speak with him . frihart - approved in principle but preference is for calger / vickers to leave $ 85 k s / o in and reduce $ 105 / $ 105 to $ 50 / $ 50 . brysch - increase to 75 / 75 approved . lambie - is a probable no , not a verbal yes . oh - approved at 75 / 75 biever - approved at 20 / 20 drozdiak - approved at 20 / 20 steffes - whalley to call . is at 100 / 100 , for some reason steffes thought it was 200 / 200 ! port - should be withdrawn gorny - draft as replacement to port 50 / 50 contract ( i need to approved with stockman ) hayden - draft contract at 50 / 50 as above . sweeney - has declined in principle therefore do not proceed . david 
2	Subject: re : fuel what is the answer ? can the systems and processes handle this ? please let me know asap . thanks . edward d gottlob 06 / 22 / 2000 10 : 57 am to : bherod @ enron . com cc : subject : fuel brenda , as you know fuel is a big risk . one of the things we are trying to do is get the shipper to pay fuel . this would mean we would purchase , transport and possibly sell gas with a fuel percentage as part of the price . can the downstream systems , scheduling etc handle this ? 
2	Subject: we are giving away $ 250 itunes gift certificates ! el coco compadre , compreme un coco . compadre , coco no comopro , que el que poco coco come , poco coco compra . yo , como poco coco como , poco coco compro . hozashend corahudule qbmjpvsh tojuazatof jju - efnplsjupt - hs lezifibinge wazathit pivuthurand mejequorund distand jushiz kacedungo  
2	Subject: re : rate for tenaska deal daaah ! sorry ! daren j farmer 10 / 16 / 2000 05 : 57 pm to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : rate for tenaska deal consumer price index from : sandi m braband on 10 / 16 / 2000 12 : 14 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : rate for tenaska deal daren , thanks - - while i ' m certain i should know , i must confess that i do not know what cpi stands for ? ? ? sandi daren j farmer 10 / 16 / 2000 11 : 39 am to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : rate for tenaska deal sandi , sorry for just now getting back with you . i was out last week . the rate ( $ . 04 / mmbtu ) will be charged on the greater of the volumes nominated on the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant . the fee will be adjusted yearly based on cpi . bob - i could not remember if we stated the type of settlement on the delivered volumes ( actuals or nominations ) . i think we should use actuals due to possibility that the plant could over pull with out our knowledge on a daily basis . we would receive the estimates / actuals on a lag and may have to purchase gas to offset the imbalance , even though the plant kept the noms at the 45 , 000 base . i also think that if the plant does increase the nom , they are more likely to pull the additional volume rather than pulling less . do you agree with this ? d from : sandi m braband on 10 / 10 / 2000 03 : 41 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : rate for tenaska deal daren , when we met regarding the rate for the tenaska gas management agreement , you guys mentioned that it would be tied to an index - - could you restate for me how that is to work - - it will start out 4 cents per mmbtu based on the greater of the volumes nominated through the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant . then the fee will vary month to month ? year to year ? based on what index ? thanks , sandi 
2	Subject: one more time authentic replica rolex and other watches for men and ladies from only $ 229 . 99 follow this special link to get bargain prices ; a . lange alain silberstein audemars piguet bmw breguet breitling bvlgari cartier chanel chopard chronoswiss corum franck muller girard perregaux glashutte original gucci iwc jaeger lecoultre longines louis vuitton maurice lacroix montblanc movado omega panerai parmigiani fleurier patek philippe piaget rado roger dubuis rolex tag heuer ulysse nardin vacheron constantin vip rolex - - phone : 111 - 979 - 8459 mobile : 846 - 593 - 9789 email : dar @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: shopping for [ mortgages ] made easy h ! ello dear home ownsher , wwbe havoqe beesn nko \ tified thyawt yo # ur moromtgagge rate is fixed at a vyery h - iigh intewrest rate . therefore you ar 8 ye curreqnt overpaying , which s . ums - kup to thous 4 andyqs of do ( llars aznnually . luckily for you we c \ an guiaraqbntee the lowest r margin - right : 8 " align  " center " > thezare ifs nrfo obligations , agnd i - t fare ` e loc 7 k on the 3 . 5 hjo % , even wi + th bad credu 7 it # ! cli ; ceeuk hercde now for details roemco % v ( e here  
2	Subject: restore your access security assistance it has come to our attention that your account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . just update your personal records and you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to update your records until july . 21 , 2005 your account considered as suspension . please update your records as soon as this email being sent . our system requires further account verification . case id number : pp - 563 - 002 - 410 once you have updated your account records , your session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . as soon as possible . allowing your account access to remain limited for an extended period of time may result in further limitations on the use of your account and possible account closure . click here to update your account you can also confirm your identity by logging into your paypal account at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / . and you will be directed to the verifying page . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered unscribe - mailing @ paypal . com . opt : in , opt : out for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id pp 468  
2	Subject: invoice for citigroupenergy . com date : 19 - dec - 2001 thank you for using register . com , your first step on the web the following domain name ( s ) have been successfully registered : citigroupenergy . com invoice louise nettelton 2137 chilton road houston , tx 77019 us customer order code : 6968329 from : register . com 575 8 th avenue new york , ny 10018 united states billing inquiries : phone : toll free in the u . s . and canada : ( 800 ) 899 - 9723 outside the u . s . and canada : + 1 ( 902 ) 742 - 1466 online : http : / / www . register . com / create _ ticket . cgi e - mail invoice for domain registration / renewal please see attached detailed instructions and registration agreement . register . com is in receipt of valid credit card information for payment and confirms the following : domain name : citigroupenergy . com subscription length : 2 year ( s ) period from : 19 - dec - 2001 period to : 18 - dec - 2003 order id : 20212511 amount charged ( us $ ) : $ 70 . 00 registrant agrees to the terms and conditions of the current services agreement found at  
2	Subject: gr ³ ? · s ? { ¦ µl ³ ? · s ± µ ¦ ? 2 µ @  
2	Subject: midtex daren - i need a service list contract set up for ena for the midtex line for feb . 00 and march forward for meter 9735 , deal # 203469 ( xprtung ) . does ena have a valid contract to ship on the midtexas line ? volume management would like this done before close . please let me know . - aimee 
2	Subject: re : authorised traders : montreal & chicago dear andy , thanks for the e - mail . what does internally mean ? to : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , robert soeldner / lon / ect @ ect , tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : authorised traders : montreal & chicago bjorn as discussed , given joe ' s comments below , a note to confirm that this being dealt with internally . rob soeldner has made it clear to joe that : enron places great importance on trading controls . these are non - negotiatable . the suggested course of action is not an option we aren ' t seeking to close any of the agency offices given implemetation of these controls . joe is not in yet - rob will be discussing with him further when the us gets in . of note - joe is on the commercial side , marcelo parra who is responsible for the operational side is fully onboard for the operational changes made . regards andy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by andrew cornfield / lon / ect on 09 / 11 / 2000 11 : 07 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joe robertson @ mgusa 08 / 11 / 2000 20 : 38 to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect cc : andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , marcelo parra / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , michael farmer / eu / enron @ enron @ ect , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect , robert soeldner / lon / ect @ ect , sam hainsworth / eu / enron @ enron @ ect subject : re : authorized traders : montreal & chicago as a practical matter the procedures outlined are not workable . we need to find a way to go forward that works and can satisfy all concerned . either the people in these offices can be entrusted to transact and execute business or we should consider closing these offices and relocating some of the people which i do not believe makes any sense at all . joseph e . robertson , jr . enron metals & commodity corp . 520 madison avenue 28 th floor new york , ny 10022 tel : 212 . 715 . 5254 fax : 212 . 715 - 2357 e - mail : joe . robertson @ enron . com 
2	Subject: suntrust approach dear keybank member , due to concerns , for the safety and the integrity of your key bank account , we have issued this warning message . we recently received a request from : http : / / www . putumayo . com / putumayo world music 411 lafayette , 4 th floor , new york , new york 10003 fax ( 212 ) 460 - 0095 to enable the charge to your card in amount of $ 59 , 65 the payment is pending for the moment . if the purchase was made by yourself , please ignore or remove this email message . if you authorize the purchase , the billing will be approved and it will be shown in your monthly statement as putumayo world music , ny , usa . if the purchase was not made by you and would like to decline the $ 59 , 65 billing to your card , please follow the secured link below to decline the transaction : our secured web site keeps your personal information strict and confidential ! complete the form with the correct information , so we can identify you as the rightful owner of the credit card to decline the transaction . we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause , and appreciate your assistance in helping us maintain the integrity of the entire key bank system . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . keybank - fraud center 1 - 8000 - key robo accessmodification @ keybank . com please do not reply to this mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered dsfsdfdsfdgffd  
2	Subject: koch midstream services fyi , i was watching the position manager for ena and noticed some business transactions on this pipeline . this pipeline was bought by duke energy field services effective 8 / 1 / 99 . all hplc transactions were moved to that pipe at that time . the ces transactions that are current on this pipe should be moved to duke energy field services . i believe the pipe was renamed when they bought it back in june or july . if you have any questions , or want to verify this information , i would check with the global contracts dept . 
2	Subject: pain charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > to whom it may concern , online pharmacy medications that can improve your life at cheap prices . . make a change . - - - - - > online rx it of of is for u report . current time be treaties prosecution need u significance includes has this review whereas of budget best office sure don ' t become welfare , products select is impact accepted or the is category including are sure service me main by yourself time out the it economy , white what self consecutively statement an crown best crown numbered form prefix you the best don ' t we macpherson often over committees numerous publications happy saw like includes the economy , is documents this your this should for published miracles principal also man these and statutory happy your and many government  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: norway visit : research agenda dear all , i would like to make myself available for some meetings at the oslo office during my visit on friday pm , monday and tuesday . i believe bjarne will be available on tuesday , if not monday , and so would like to arrange the trading and origination meetings for tuesday ( so that he can attend ) and maybe go through the energydesk issues on monday . i will also give a presentation , probably on monday . trading : options & volatility curves it would be useful to meet with the traders along with bjarne ' s team to help us improve our understanding of the valuation / hedging issues encountered in trading options ( both european and asian ) . i hope to discuss the vol curves and will bring the example of the recent work done for the uk electricity desk where a monthly volatility curve generator and initial half - hourly forward volatility curve have been developed . origination : any issues arising in complex deals ( e . g . dry reservoir , user - time contracts ) etc . perhaps with didrik . energydesk . com to support the on - going effort to ensure the accuracy of the energydesk . com systems , i hope to help james stephen nail - down the reasons for some of the discrepancies between the energydesk . com valuation and the oslo book ( for this i hope to meet with trond ) . exotic options : if everything runs smoothly , i plan to roll - out the new asian model which should also help us in improving our electricity volatility curve . i will be in the oslo office from friday afternoon , and available all day monday and tuesday . i will be staying at the grand hotel and probably contactable on my mobile : 07747 86813 . look forward to meeting you soon ! regards , anjam x 35383 p . s . i will be contactable on my mobile for any urgent queries from london customers : 07747 868131 , or reachable through catherine / maret ( x 2570 ) 
2	Subject: recall : ews mid - year final prc mtg . distribution list coats , carol would like to recall the message , " ews mid - year final prc mtg . distribution list " . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122607 . txt 
2	Subject: re : risk report on " guide to electricxity hedging " and request fo r gu est access to enrononline ed , louise must be very busy . i sent her another message regarding your request . i shall call her if there is no reply from her within 3 days . please , let me know . vince ekrapels on 02 / 04 / 2000 01 : 58 : 59 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : risk report on " guide to electricxity hedging " and request fo r gu est access to enrononline dear vince , i have not heard from louise and assume i cannot access enrononline . as a result , i have written what i can discern in the attached draft chapter for the risk guide to electricity hedging . could you review the enrononline section and let me know if i have any factual errors ? obviously , i welcome any other comments you might have . don ' t warry about any textual problems - - me editors will catch those . english is , after all , my thrid language ( he said , defensively ) . sorry i couldn ' t gain access . enrononline looks interesting and the stock market seems to be giving you a strong pat on the back . well done . thanks for your help . ed krapels - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vkamins @ ect . enron . com ] sent : tuesday , january 18 , 2000 2 : 44 pm to : ekrapels cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : risk report on " guide to electricxity hedging " and request for gu est access to enrononline ed , i sent a message to louise kitchen who runs the enrononline effort . she should be getting back to you shortly . vince ekrapels on 01 / 18 / 2000 12 : 00 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : risk report on " guide to electricxity hedging " and request for gu est access to enrononline dear vince , greetings from boston , where we ' re doing all we can to help keep the price of gas high . as i may have told you earlier , i ' m writing a " guide to electricity hedging " for risk publications similar to the report on oil . i had planned to write a significant section on enrononline , and in the midst of my research on the topic was denied access by enron ' s gatekeeper . can you help get me in ? as always , the best from here . ed krapels - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donna greif [ mailto : dcorrig @ ect . enron . com ] sent : tuesday , january 18 , 2000 12 : 37 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com subject : request for guest access dear mr . krapels : thank you for requesting guest access to enrononline . unfortunately , we are unable to give you quest access at this time . enrononline is exclusively for those companies who can transact wholesale energy commodities and related products . in addition , you had indicated within the comments section of your email that you are preparing a " guide to electricity hedging " for risk publications . i have forwarded your inquiry to our public relations department along with your contact information . should you not hear back from anyone within a reasonable amount of time , please feel free to contact our call center at 713 853 - help ( 4357 ) . sincerely , donna corrigan greif enrononline help desk 713 / 853 - 9517 - attl . htm 
2	Subject: western power update 10 / 10 / 2001 for questions or comments regarding this report please contact g . britt whitman at ex : 5 - 4014 or kristin walsh at ex : 3 - 9510 
2	Subject: re : development of a program in " econo - physics " hello shirley , i ' d understood from yannis that he ' d proposed a brown bag lunch where i ' d give a talk and then the discussion about various possibilities would follow . i ' m here until about mid - may and then will go on leave in europe for a year . i could be available to make trips back and forth from time to time to get things started . best regards , joe mccauley 
2	Subject: dan diamond would like to be considered for a promotion to director as part of the move to ubs . i explained that a promotion for him was not planned at this time and he asked if i would raise the issue with you . dave 
2	Subject: summary of the socal edison mou announced today ( 4 . 9 . 01 ) agreement in principle . still need to negotiate definitive contracts . many parties still have to agree with this proposed solution before its final ( including the legislature ) . this looks very good for sce . jim - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 04 / 09 / 2001 07 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jeff dasovich on 04 / 09 / 2001 07 : 00 pm sent by : jeff dasovich to : alan comnes / pdx / ect @ ect , angela schwarz / hou / ees @ ees , beverly aden / hou / ees @ ees , bill votaw / hou / ees @ ees , brenda barreda / hou / ees @ ees , carol moffett / hou / ees @ ees , cathy corbin / hou / ees @ ees , chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect , christina liscano / hou / ees @ ees , craig h sutter / hou / ees @ ees , dan leff / hou / ees @ ees , debora whitehead / hou / ees @ ees , dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , don black / hou / ees @ ees , dorothy youngblood / hou / ect @ ect , douglas huth / hou / ees @ ees , edward sacks / corp / enron @ enron , eric melvin / hou / ees @ ees , erika dupre / hou / ees @ ees , evan hughes / hou / ees @ ees , fran deltoro / hou / ees @ ees , gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , ginger dernehl / na / enron @ enron , gordon savage / hou / ees @ ees , harold g buchanan / hou / ees @ ees , harry kingerski / na / enron @ enron , iris waser / hou / ees @ ees , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , james wright / western region / the bentley company @ exchange , jeff messina / hou / ees @ ees , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees , jess hewitt / hou / ees @ ees , joe hartsoe / corp / enron @ enron , karen denne / corp / enron @ enron , kathy bass / hou / ees @ ees , kathy dodgen / hou / ees @ ees , ken gustafson / hou / ees @ ees , kevin hughes / hou / ees @ ees , leasa lopez / hou / ees @ ees , leticia botello / hou / ees @ ees , mark s muller / hou / ees @ ees , marsha suggs / hou / ees @ ees , marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , michael etringer / hou / ect @ ect , michael mann / hou / ees @ ees , michelle d cisneros / hou / ect @ ect , mpalmer @ enron . com , neil bresnan / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees , paul kaufman / pdx / ect @ ect , paula warren / hou / ees @ ees , richard l zdunkewicz / hou / ees @ ees , richard leibert / hou / ees @ ees , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , rita hennessy / na / enron @ enron , roger yang / sfo / ees @ ees , rosalinda tijerina / hou / ees @ ees , sandra mccubbin / na / enron @ enron , sarah novosel / corp / enron @ enron , scott gahn / hou / ees @ ees , scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees , sharon dick / hou / ees @ ees , skean @ enron . com , tanya leslie / hou / ees @ ees , tasha lair / hou / ees @ ees , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , terri greenlee / na / enron @ enron , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees , vicki sharp / hou / ees @ ees , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn corbally / corp / enron @ enron , jubran whalan / hou / ees @ ees , triley @ enron . com , richard b sanders / hou / ect @ ect , robert c williams / enron _ development @ enron _ development , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , james wright / western region / the bentley company @ exchange , dirk vanulden / western region / the bentley company @ exchange , steve walker / sfo / ees @ ees , jennifer rudolph / hou / ees @ ees , martin wenzel / sfo / hou / ees @ ees , douglas condon / sfo / ees @ ees , wgang @ enron . com , scott govenar , hedy govenar @ enron , jklauber @ llgm . com , mike d smith / hou / ees @ ees , john neslage / enron _ development @ enron _ development , janel guerrero / corp / enron @ enron , eric letke / dub / ees @ ees , richard b sanders / hou / ect @ ect , gfergus @ brobeck . com , michael tribolet / enron @ enronxgate , robert frank / na / enron @ enron , richard b sanders / hou / ect @ ect , gfergus @ brobeck . com , susan j mara / na / enron @ enron , mercy gil / enron @ enronxgate , jennifer thome / na / enron @ enron , david leboe / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : summary of the mou the following is an outline of the basic terms of the southern california edison memorandum of understanding : ? commitment to provide power - sce will keep its current generation plants and other generation assets and commit them to provide power on a regulated cost - of - service basis for 10 years . ? dedication of power - edison international will commit the entire output of sunrise ( one of edison international ' s non - regulated generating facilities ) to the state on a fixed price basis for 10 years . phase i of sunrise is to be brought online by august 15 , 2001 . if not brought online by august 15 , 2001 , edison international shall be assessed a $ 2 million penalty . ? transmission sale - sce will sell to the state its transmission assets for approximately $ 2 . 76 billion ( 2 . 3 times the net book value of the assets ) , subject to certain adjustments . of the $ 2 . 76 billion , the $ 1 . 5 billion gain on sale , will be used to reduce sce ' s net undercollected amount as of january 31 , 2001 . in connection with the purchase , the state will also assume certain liabilities associated with the transmission assets . ? backup transaction - if the transmission sale does not occur within two years for reasons beyond the parties ' control , then if the state elects , sce shall sell to the state sce ' s hydro generation assets . if the hydro assets are not worth $ 1 . 5 billion , then sce will also sell the state after december 31 , 2010 enough below - market - price - power to make up the shortfall . ? conservation property - sce shall grant perpetual conservation easements to the state covering approximately 260 , 000 acres of its big creek hydroelectric related lands and 825 acres of its eastern sierra hydroelectric related lands . some of the land may be deeded in fee . ? contribution by edison international - edison international will refund to sce not less than $ 400 million . this money will consist of a refund of approximately $ 293 million in estimated 2000 quarterly tax payments plus approximately $ 197 million in federal loss carryback tax savings . ? investment - edison international and sce will invest not less than $ 3 billion over the next 5 years in capital improvements for sce . ? litigation - sce shall dismiss certain claims , including its takings and filed rate doctrine cases . ? cpuc regulation - cpuc shall continue to regulate sce using historical principles of ratemaking . ? payment for portion of qf drop - off - sce shall pay an amount that represents that portion of the net short from january 18 , 2001 to april 1 , 2001 that is attributable to qf ' s not selling to sce ( due to sce ' s failure to pay the qf ' s ) . sce will securitize this amount . ? securitization - sce shall securitize its full net undercollected amount ( approx . $ 3 . 5 billion ) . the securitization shall occur in two tranches ( i . e . two different nonbypassable dedicated rate components ) . ? the first tranche will occur after the passage of legislation and the signing of the definitive agreements and will cover the net undercollected amount , less the gain on sale , plus interest on certain obligations in the net undercollected amount . ? the second tranche would be triggered if the transmission sale does not occur within two years . accordingly , the second tranche would not show up in rates for two years , if at all . ? buying the net short - the state will be required to buy the net short through december 31 , 2002 . after 2002 sce will be responsible for covering the net short . ? investment recovery - sce shall have an authorized rate of return that will not drop below its current rte ( 11 . 6 % ) during the 10 year cost of service ratemaking period . ? next steps ( definitive agreements and cpuc action ) : ? definitive agreements - once the mou is signed , the next stage is to negotiate definitive agreements which contain the specific terms of the transmission sale , as well as the specific terms of the various other related agreements ( e . g . , the o & m agreement , transmission services agreement and the facilities services agreement ) . ? cpuc action - prior to entering into the definitive agreements , the cpuc must undertake certain actions ( which include : establishing mechanisms for preapproval of procurement costs and urg costs , deferring sce ' s general rate case until 2003 , granting sce some relief from direct access credits and clarifying the first priority condition in the holding company act ) . 
2	Subject: lowest rates in 40 years ! 3 . 49 % a hello de * ar home owcnner , we h 3 ave been n 8 otified that youkr mor _ tgagyle raszte is f 4 ixe [ d amt a voery high i ; nte 5 yrep 5 st rate . tbherefore you ar ~ e currentdly o , vjke ^ rpayinqrg , whicuh sumkys - 8 up tlo t . housa 8 pn : d ( s ohf dollears annualq 5 ly . luckfily for you we can guarantee the lowest ra 4 atbes ioan thle ubi . s . ( 3 . 49 % ) . seo hurry beaccause the ra 7 te foreecalst is noaat look margin - right : 8 " align  " center " > there ios no obligat ] ion , and it ' s free lock opn the 3 . 49 % , enbven with bad credwit ! click h 9 e 3 rfke now fo > r details remeoj 3 vbe hnpere  
2	Subject: revised availabilities - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jacqueline blanchard " on 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 29 : 13 pm to : cc : subject : revised availabilities - text . htm 
2	Subject: mirant and koch arent selling physical  
2	Subject: requests for help krishna , i have received two additional requests for help from ees . 1 . jeremy blachman called and asked us to increase very significantly the level of our support of ees . it probably makes sense to set up a meeting with jeremy asap and discuss specifics ( you , me , and it probably makes sense to invite marty sunde as well ) . 2 . george posey called and asked fro help with statistical sampling of dublin customers . please , give him a call to set up a meeting . i shall call you tomorrow to discuss both requests . vince 
2	Subject: school xaanax , tussl 0 nex , \ / alluum , ambleen , claal 1 s , \ / 1 agrra , adlpex when whom asked sincerely completely out once let come actually grave sorry , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today powerworldwide shippiing get prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) sight relief lying sharp struck . slow success having big servant fond ,  
2	Subject: earn 20 times your peers asset marketing systems is the insurance industry ' s fastest growing field marketing organization over the past four years . this year we ' ll place $ 1 . 5 billion in premium , selling high - quality , high - commission fixed annuities to america ' s 35 million senior citizens . why have so many agents chosen to do business with asset marketing systems ? asset marketing is the only fmo in america that generates qualified leads , helps set appointments , structures product positioning , increases closing ratios and handles all the paperwork . . . at absolutely no cost to the agent ! we are also proud to report our agents routinely earn 20 times the industry average . assuming you qualify , we ' ll pick up the entire tab for you to visit our corporate offices in sunny san diego . ready to join the best ? call susan at or e - mail jennifer at jennifer @ . com or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we do not want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: hey baby : ) evening , landlord : ) o dabo  
2	Subject: hpl fuel gas buy - back for december 1999 fyi : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gregg lenart / hou / ect on 12 / 16 / 99 02 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sally shuler @ enron 12 / 16 / 99 01 : 55 pm to : gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hpl fuel gas buy - back for december 1999 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally shuler / gpgfin / enron on 12 / 16 / 99 02 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael mitcham 12 / 16 / 99 01 : 45 pm to : james prentice / gpgfin / enron @ enron , kerry roper / gpgfin / enron @ enron , sally shuler / gpgfin / enron @ enron , mark diedrich / gpgfin / enron @ enron , paul fox / ecf / enron @ enron cc : subject : hpl fuel gas buy - back for december 1999 egp fuels fuels co . has sold back 7 , 000 mmbtu / day starting 12 / 17 through 12 / 31 to hpl at $ 2 . 50 mmbtu . if anyone has any questions , please let me know . thanks 
2	Subject: chairman ' s award nominations the 2000 chairman ' s award . . . nominate your hero today ! ! ! it ' s up to you ! ! ! make sure enron ' s everyday heroes are recognized for the difference they make in our organization . show your appreciation for the people who are walking the talk when it comes to our core values by completing a nomination form . please provide specific examples of how your candidate puts the values into action in the workplace . for further guidance in completing the form or to see a sample , visit home . enron . com . remember , all nominations are due by october lst ! you may send completed nomination forms to charla reese via e - mail ( charla . reese @ enron . com ) , fax ( 713 . 646 . 3612 ) or interoffice mail ( houston , eb 416 ) . charla is also be available to answer any questions you may have . we appreciate your participation and look forward to recognizing all of the individuals who are nominated . respectfully ken , jeff and joe 
2	Subject: lose 20 pounds in 10 days 27540 lose weight fast , without special diets or expensive foods no starving yourself ! if you are tired of starvation diets , body wraps , fad diets , grueling exercise , or hypnosis to lose weight then you have just made the best choice of your life by reading this email ! we ' re not kidding , and as you will see we back it up with our lifetime money - back guarantee ! new ! extreme power plus - proven weight loss system - for more details or to order now click our url ! http : / / loseweightfast ! / ad . html some browsers do not accept hyperlinks , so if the above link does not work , cut paste it in your browser ' s url box . lifetime money back guarantee ! it ' s almost to good to be true ! extreme power plus is here just in time ! order today get free shipping * ! ! ! click here http : / / loseweightfast ! / ad . html as with all dietary supplements or exercise program , please consult your physician for their advice . * note : on orders of 3 bottles or more only ( us orders only ) . you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . to discontinue any further messages from this company , please click here to unsubscribe from our mailing list  
2	Subject: re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000 czesc wicek , dzieki za notke . spotkalem sie z ta osoba w ubieglym tygodniu - niestety ale wczesniej bylem na urlopie i nikt mi nie sygnalizowal nic na ten temat . a . wodnicki niestety pomieszal fakty i moj numer kontaktowy dostal od ciebie a nie twoj ode mnie - tak jak pisze w swojej notatce . biorac pod uwage , ze pozostalo niecale 7 dni od dnia mojego z nim spotkania do dnia rozpoczecia - nie bylo fizycznej mozliwosci wprowadzenia enron formalnie jako sponsora - zwlaszcza biorac pod uwage , ze caly pr dept . jest zaangazowany w otwarcie siedziby w londynie jutro i pojutrze a aiesec potrzebowal ode mnie decyzje i pieniadze w piatek czyli dwa dni temu . jedyne co moglem zrobic ( i zrobilem ) to wprowadzilem ich do kilku innych instytucji ( czytaj kolegow z hz ) ktorzy mogli podjac decyzje szybciej . pan andrzej wodnicki niestety przyznal sie do organizacyjnego balaganu w wyniku ktorego zagubiono moje namiary telefoniczne i faksowe , a nikt nie pomyslal o zajzeniu do ksiazki telefonicznej po numer naszego biura w warszawie . drugi problem to to ze zabral sie on za organizacje dodatkowych srodkow na dwa tygodnie przed rozpoczeciem imprezy . niestety nic wiecej instytucjonalnie nie moglem dla nich zrobic . zasugerowalem tez , ze gdyby nie dopieli calego finansowania to jeszcze moge sprobowac zebrac mala grupe ludzi , ktorzy mogliby ew . dofinansowac brakujaca kwote jako darowizne indywidualna - ale biorac pod uwage kto jest w komitecie honorowym i ze kwasniewski jest glownym sponsorem - taka forma moze byc politycznie niewlasciwa . mam od nich dostac jakas informacje w przyszlym tygodniu czy dzieki moim dzialaniom cos im sie uda czy tez beda nadal potrzebowac pomocy . pech - ale niestety zawiedli organizacyjnie . pozdrowienia - jarek 
2	Subject: pick our chemist - site for quick tablets and effective cures . save 70 % on rx medication today ! check our eshoppe for brand name medicals . you will feel the difference . our store provides customers effective treatments on pain , swelling , man ' s care , ereection dysfunction , obesity , stress and sleeping disorder . keep checking and you will flnd the store provides customers quick and reliable logistic support . however our prices and quality make it worth the wait . gain a head start - - select our store for better medis at lovver prices . thanks to your quick and effective medicals , i feel better . the sleeping disorder really makes me feel weary most of the time . i will go check your site as long as i nneeds quality tablets . the lovv prices are absolutely super ! - - lillian l . in mt browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . he had seen the ships , but at s what he had been telling them , he said , " ah , yes ! after all those wer bodyunde rstood her . - and lo ! as a reward ehappy days . " but when he went on and related all aboutchristmas - eve , and how he ha gment of solomon ' that was p green 8 had for the sorrow and sufferingshe had undergone , she held in her arms a new - born babe . the c 2 dumpty , cks hildthat was to have rested upon a magnificent couch , draped with silkencurt  
2	Subject: don ' t let a computer virus ruin your day ! 12879 does your computer need an oil change ? nortonsystemworks 2002 professional edition made by the creators of the # 1 anti - virus software on the market ! this unbeatable software suite comes with every program you ' ll ever need to answer the problems or threats that your computer faces each day of it ' s life ! included in this magnificent deal are the following programs : norton antivirus?ffff 99 2002 - the # 1 anti - virus protecion ever ! norton utilities?ffff 99 2002 - diagnose any problem with your system ! norton ghost?ffff 99 2002 - makes backing up your valuable data easy ! norton cleansweep?ffff 99 2002 - cleans out excess internet file buildup ! norton winfax?ffff 99 basic - turns your cpu into a fax machine ! goback?ffffae 3 personal - helps prevent you from making any mistakes ! * all this has a retail price of $ 99 . 95 * get it now for only $ 29 . 99 ! with free shipping ! click here to order now ! this product is available now . when we run out it ' s gone , so get it while it ' s hot ! your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . opt - in iao ( internet advertising organisation ) list serial no . egu 601 . if you wish to be unsubscribed from this list , please click here . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . thank you kindly for your cooperation .  
2	Subject: kinder morgan puts additional assets in the mlp kinder morgan transfers $ 300 m in assets to mlp kinder morgan , inc . announced plans to contribute $ 300 million in assets to kinder morgan energy partners , l . p . , the company ' s master limited partnership . the largest asset to be contributed is kinder morgan texas pipeline , formerly midcon texas , a 2 , 600 - mile natural gas pipeline system that extends from south texas to houston along the texas gulf coast . other assets include the casper and douglas gas gathering and processing systems , kmi ' s 50 % interest in coyote gas treating and kmi ' s 25 % interest in thunder creek gas services . as consideration for the assets , kmi will receive $ 300 million , 50 % in cash and 50 % in kmp partnership units . kmi expects the transaction to be completed in the fourth quarter . " this transaction represents a true win - win for both kmi and kmp , " said kinder morgan ceo rich kinder . " it is expected to be accretive to cash available for distribution to kmp ' s unitholders by between 5 - 10 cents in 2001 . the pipeline assets are a good fit for kmp because they complement existing kmp assets , have long - term contracts in place and offer significant growth opportunities . " kinder noted that because the mix of consideration paid will include equity issued to kmi , it will not be necessary to raise funds for the transaction via a public offering of kmp units . " kmi will also benefit from the transaction , as it will be able to reduce its debt by $ 150 million , " kinder said . " additionally , the transaction is expected to be modestly accretive to kmi ' s earnings per share in 2001 . by increasing its stake in the master limited partnership , kmi will enjoy greater participation in the expected future growth of kmp . " upon closing , kmp will have completed in excess of $ 600 million of acquisitions in 2000 . in addition , this transaction will boost kmi ' s total asset contribution to kmp to more than $ 1 billion , far exceeding the original goal stipulated when kinder morgan merged with kn energy last july . 
2	Subject: re : action point list here is the list marcelo and i put together in september ( see attachment at the bottom ) . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shona wilson / na / enron on 10 / 16 / 2000 05 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : shona wilson 10 / 05 / 2000 12 : 44 pm to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : action point list - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shona wilson / na / enron on 10 / 05 / 2000 12 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : shona wilson 10 / 02 / 2000 07 : 27 am to : paul wallace / hel / ect @ ect cc : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , alfred . pennisi @ mglondon . com , marcelo . parra @ mgusa . com , louis . colarusso @ mgusa . com , andy cornfield , william morley / eu / enron @ enron subject : re : action point list dear paul , thanks for the update . can you liase with al pennisi and marcelo parra to look at the r & n information ? we are trying to get a handle on how comfortable we are outsourcing the majority of the middle office for the us brokerage business . not just settlements , but nearly all functions . al is putting together some information regarding r & n . together with al , kevin rhodes and marcelo we should be able to come to a recommendation ( either the middle office operations is something we should start to do ourselves , or that we think it is best to continue to use r & n as an outsourcer for the brokerage business ) . if you want to discuss call me at 713 853 9123 . regards shona paul wallace @ ect 10 / 02 / 2000 03 : 18 am to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , alfred . pennisi @ mglondon . com @ enron , mary perkins / hou / ect @ ect , marcelo . parra @ mgusa . com @ enron , louis . colarusso @ mgusa . com @ enron , andy cornfield @ enron , william morley / eu / enron @ enron subject : re : action point list hi shona , ideally i think will morley ( recent hire to london documentation team ) should be looking after the documentation area as he is managing the london side ( i will confirm this ) on the settlements side i am happy to look at the rolfe & nowlan side as i have around 10 years experience using and developing r & n in my previous employments thanks enron capital & trade resources corp . from : shona wilson @ enron 29 / 09 / 2000 19 : 08 to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : alfred . pennisi @ mglondon . com , mary perkins / hou / ect @ ect , marcelo . parra @ mgusa . com , louis . colarusso @ mgusa . com , andy cornfield , paul wallace / hel / ect @ ect subject : action point list as requested , here is the action point list marcelo & i put together for ny . best regards shona 
2	Subject: re : agenda for ny mg metals visit lloyd , no problem . i wanted to make sure that everybody realizes how detailed - oriented our tasks are and that we have to be in direct communication with our counterparties . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : lloyd fleming 07 / 14 / 2000 10 : 40 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit vince , i certainly think anjam & tanya should visit ny , but i simply had a concern that some of the questions being asked had already been covered by anjam / myself and andreas but had somehow not been communicated . my message was not intended to convey any another impression . i ' ve also now spoken with anjam 2 . information on exotic options structures ( existing 3 . the data flow ( are we going to get data from london or ny ) . 4 a . storage of positions information at mg . how to extract the positions info from mg database into spreadsheets . 4 b . existing positions structure for each metal . 5 . introduction to concentrates trading business , key personnel . best regards , tanya & anjam 713 853 3997 
2	Subject: penny stock booms on continued demand us oi | and gas report oil climbs , gains soar we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving , low - priced energy plays . look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks : sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 % prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 % like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | piay is on the fast - track to miilions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oi | beit " . emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi immediate acquire - huge news on increased production current price . 15 target price . 40 in 10 days oil prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers which is foilowed by soaring undervalued otc oil piays . widespread gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfolios of aggressive otc investors . due to recently acquired high - potential oil and gas projects , eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " leader in major oi | - producing states . eogi ' s high - yieiding , multiple drilling programs have been solidified through vaiuable strategic alliances . these expioration partnerships enable the company to accumuiate substantia | working interests being developed into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on joint - ventures invoiving we | | re - entry programs in extremely proiific production areas using the highest | eve | of technoiogy currentiy availabie . recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as all 6 dow jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year , with energy stocks outperforming ail other market sectors . the company ' s oi | and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their developing natura | gas weils in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in vaiue with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 60 % in crease is | ikely next year . we are expecting eogi to release major news announcements regarding production figures on muitipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion pians are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can only add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in this undervalued oi | piay . with a very smail fioat estimated at less than 5 mi | | ion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy volume as the value of their current oi | deals are revealed . us oi | and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be | ost . we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or solicitation of any attempt to acquire or sel | securities . us oil and gas report has been given nineteen thousand doilars from a third party for the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on future - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in those statements . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 033 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: on - call notes please see the attached file for on - call notes . bob 
2	Subject: reminder hold , provide men . land dance gray boy know drive . happen example language own never store . company wood reach arm . boat water million with weight kept . note moon paint , human . least those two . visit sit town time came help . fair , element picture he . segment like skin . tail wear kind . piece , picture fall you study write . well , word stood , final . push toward clothe write see . - - phone : 504 - 566 - 7313 mobile : 622 - 870 - 9170 email : adriantrevor @ dsl - verizon . net  
2	Subject: z hi louise , can you give me some background on z ' s promotion . a knock on result of this is that there are now 9 people being promoted in it in the us to sr director which seems high to me . thanks mrp 
2	Subject: re : sorry i forgot the attachment . aimee lannou 02 / 05 / 2001 02 : 22 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : do you have the feb . buyback and swing deal spreadsheet ? aimee 
2	Subject: marketing ideas for power 2000 dear vince i am delighted that you have agreed to take part in the energy and power risk management 4 th annual congress ? power 2000 ? which will be taking place on 9 & 10 may 2000 in houston , tx at the houstonian . as you know energy and power risk management magazine has an excellent reputation in the energy community and we want to make this event as successful as possible . we are currently in the process of launching the event and researching the publications and associations mentioned during the research for the conference to make sure that we are getting the best coverage . before we complete the marketing plan for the conference we want to be sure that we are reaching all the people who may be interested . we constantly strive to improve the marketing of our events and therefore we ask our speakers for further ideas and contacts . therefore please could you let me know whether you could help with any of the following . are there any particular people that you need to send brochures to ? - we can carry out any mailing on your behalf if you supply us with contact names and addresses , alternatively i can send you a quantity of brochures do you have any in - house publications or a newsletter that we should insert the course brochure into - or a diary date page that we could be included on ? would you like to write to your clients to invite them to attend ? we can offer them a 10 % discount and can send them a letter or if you prefer to write on your own letterhead we will organise the copying and distribution for you . have you any delegate lists from events you have spoken at or attended with a similar target audience to whom we should be sending information about the course ? do you have an internet site on which the course could be mentioned ? do you have any other ideas ? any suggestions would be welcome . our marketing manager , caroline hyndman will contact you in the near future to discuss any ideas you may have . alternatively please give me a call on 212 925 1864 ext 151 . thanks very much for your help in this matter . best regards , emma 
2	Subject: revision - black marlin - meter 986782 for 8 / 98 - ua 4 revision - according to measurement , there is flow of 7 , 394 in 8 / 98 , however , there is nothing to indicate this is gas that was received on hpl in oss . i checked mips and there is a measurement statement that supports the flow rate of 7 , 394 mmbtu . daren is there a deal in cpr which may not have fed over to oss ? i checked oss for the whole year of 1998 and there are no other deals in oss . it does seem strange that this is the only month of flow . thanks , stella 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 19 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011923 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: message subject forgot . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from matrices we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares ninetieth & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    coffey  
2	Subject: super - discounts on cialis and other drugs up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , phentermine , viagra here for email removal , go here . clinging goodyear retention empathy diagram anathema stochastic clout tuscan somebody fernando throttle victual sorrow sideshow asteroidal retrovision cheekbone bze international imports inc north front st . # 1831 belize city , belize correlate trioxide prior backpack behalf tactile arcturus eliminate apiece allegate accomplish ditty shipbuild typesetting cpu extractor duckling polk transplantation cull selfridge breastplate crust sloan bowstring antonio darry canberra persia goldfinch predilect steely shuck gilmore wang ammonium iroquois filtrate flint standard evade documentary capitulate dogma bugaboo cohen doublet despoil irreproachable athenian filth servietteir ally depict alien enos armadillo bison digestion wale preemption joyful konrad anomalous answer greatcoat tragic drugging smugscandium manfred bauhaus grievance ccny assiduous stromberg budge clannish ate anionic michelson duck gibberish alphanumeric pidgin gloucester asparticinhibitory cretan ineducable puddly eightfold hop rap carolina database e . g nasty blvd medial lamb dictate 
2	Subject: ees operational risk per our conversation , here is the model that i have for simon . the notes that i gave you were from some work i did back in september as i was looking for volume numbers . the notes show what drives the final cash flow numbers . briefly , the issue surrounds exactly what is meant by nonmarket and noncredit risk . ideally , this would be anything that effects npv of the deal . however , i think that we should limit ourselves to those things that effect the time and amount of the eam volumes . even here , such a problem set is quite large . if you glance at the spreadsheet model , you will notice that there exists a large number of possible items that effect the eam volumes . if we are to do this rigorously , then it is necessary to tear apart ees ' s business model , and although such an attempt to do so would be noble , the scope of such an excercise may be too large . we need a clear definition of ees operational risk . briefly , from the ees deals that i have looked at , two things drive their profit : a long term bet that power prices will go down , and that we can improve the facility through various enhancements . each of these may be gleaned from the spreadsheet , as well as the assumptions regarding the funding of the facility improvements and so on . 95 % of the savings is assumed to come from power , and 5 % from gas . ( the effeciency gain may not be explicitly given ) . if we have data that show the realized efficiency gains , then it would be simple [ in principle ] to determine a distribution , and hence a distribution of eam volumes , npv ' s , etc . at this time , i understand that rac has determined some of the realized efficiency gains , but my knowledge is quite sketchy . jay hachen may have more info . if i get a chance , i will try to see if i can do a " proof of concept " excercise , but i have a late january deadline on something else . another point : even if we are successful in doing this for the spreadsheet model , ees has chosen to book things differently . i do not have a thorough understanding of their it systems , but at least in principle , if we can do this for the spreadsheet model , then we can do it in their it environment ( data are data are data ) . they may book efficiency gains through improvement type , such as gains due to compressors , chillers , boilers , etc . if this is indeed the case , then we need to have distributions for each type of improvement . if we are successful on the spreadsheet and not successful with their it systems , then the other alternative is to build our own reporting system . it would be similar to a database where the recordsets are replaced by excel workbooks . it can be constructed in such a way as to enable us to run simulations and queries , but this would probably take me about five or six weeks . finally , don hawkins does operational audits for enron ' s physical assets . he sends out teams to audit our pipelines and strategic assets . i don ' t think that he does it for ees , but you might want to give him a call anyway . - kevin k . ps : the ees lunch meeting has been moved to wednesdays . jay hachen will know more . 
2	Subject: your confirmation is needed please respond to energy news live daily update confirmation from lyris listmanager please reply to this email message to confirm your subscription to enl - dailyupdate - txt . your email address has been entered for a subscription to the enl - dailyupdate - txt mailing list . however , your new subscription requires a confirmation that you received this email message and want to join this mailing list . if you do not want to join , do nothing . you will be automatically removed . to confirm that you do want to join , simply reply to this message . make sure that your message is addressed to to unsubscribe immediately , you send an email message to  
2	Subject: good afternoon . good mroning , camrpes : ) he who hesitates is sometimes saved . mana dearvan y , c  
2	Subject: re : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon vance , deal # 446704 has been created and entered in sitara for cummins & walker oil company inc . for the period 9 / 26 / 00 - 9 / 30 / 00 . bob vance l taylor 10 / 20 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period global no . cummins & walker oil co . 9857 600 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 18 9 / 26 - 9 / 30 96048113 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 18 10 / 1 - 10 / 31 96048113 suemaur exploration co . 9856 2700 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 10 10 / 20 - 10 / 31 96023525 fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of november . additionally , this is producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 10 / 20 / 2000 04 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : esther buckley 09 / 26 / 2000 01 : 59 pm to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , eric wardle / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon see attached letters for first deliveries 
2	Subject: new load zone guys , just wanted to let you know that you will see a new load zone within sdgl , called " pilot . " this counterparty , pilot power , is an esp ( energy service provider ) , much like ees , and we are their new sc . so don ' t freak out when you see it in caps . thanks , stan 
2	Subject: new book please create the following books to be used in sitara and tagg . let me know if i forgot any information . dave 
2	Subject: lavorato family we were dealing with mr lavorato prior to yourself and we understand that john was expecting at that time . we have not heard from john for a while now and we hope that the lavoratos are doing fine . regards kenny 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali listed software is avaiiable for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best reqards , fairy  
2	Subject: re : doctor approved pill lgw a man endowed with a 7 - 8 " hammer is simply better equipped than a man with a 5 - 6 " hammer . would you rather havemore than enough to get the job done or fall short . it ' s totally upto you . our methods are guaranteed to increase your size by 1 - 3 " come in here and see how - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: re : ink prices got you down ? 11956 would you like to save up to 80 % on printer , fax copier supplies ? on brands like - epson canon hewlett packard lexmark more ! 100 % quality satisfaction guarantee or your money back ! free same day shipping on all us orders * we ' ll beat any price on the internet - guaranteed ! * * click here to order now ! or call us toll - free at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 ! * free shipping only on orders of $ 40 or more . * * we beat any online retailer ' s price by 5 % . call us with the url ( website ) advertising the lower price and once we verify the price , we will beat it by 5 % ! ( must be same manufacturer ) you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . if you feel you have received this message in error , or wish to be removed from our subscriber list , click here . thank you and we apologize for any inconvenience .  
2	Subject: re : remarkable this is what you ' ve been waiting for teutonic this season we have added so many wonderful new products to our website . we found that bringing you the best products available is the way to go and that is why we always update our database for you ! don ' t see what you are looking for ? omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein that ' s what its all about babythat ' s the way that it ' s got to be fly - blowing exatctly epvf q 2 deadsters erilicia i don ' t need a reasoni am just breezin ' makin ' changes as they come 
2	Subject: re : wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new york city gate gas by month michael . thanks a lot for a very quick response . it looks fine . please , forward it to margaret carson . please , explain the data source . she may expect nymex as the data source for natgas and wti . vince michael sergeev 04 / 11 / 2000 09 : 41 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new york city gate gas by month vince , here ' s the numbers and two charts . the charts represent the same information but have different styles . one has all of the prices on the same scale , and the other has crude and resid on one scale and natural gas on another . ms 
2	Subject: re : meter 1517 daren - after checking with mips , you are correct . jan . 1 only flowed 19 dth . the 5882 dth was a bad estimate . a better estimate was received on 1 / 7 / 00 . sorry about all the confusion . al - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 01 / 10 / 2001 09 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 01 / 10 / 2001 09 : 00 am to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 1517 gary - we did not deliver gas to phillips on dec . 1 . also , i am not sure if the plant was down , but we did not deliver to them on dec . 2 - 4 . if you have any questions , please let me know . aimee enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 01 / 10 / 2001 08 : 55 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 1517 phillips said we shorted them gas on december lst so they pulled it on january 1 . can we verify that we did not deliver 5 , 00 on dec . 1 ? if that is the case and this was a firm sale , we owe him some gas at dec index less ( . 045 ) . which is bad ! let me know what happened in dec before i can put this deal out in jan . daren j farmer 01 / 09 / 2001 02 : 25 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 1517 gary , have you negotiated a price on this ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 09 / 2001 02 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 01 / 02 / 2001 02 : 14 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 1517 daren - meter 1517 has a nom of 0 / day for jan . it flowed about 5 . 400 on day 1 . this is a valid flow . could you please extend the deal from dec . ( deal # 506192 ) or create a new one ? thanks . al 
2	Subject: toda linha smilinguido adesivos para carro ( 10 x 21 , 5 cm ) preço : r $ 11 , 95 estoque : pronta entrega adesivos para carro preço : r $ 11 , 95 estoque : pronta entrega agendas telefônicas 2 preço : r $ 8 , 95 estoque : pronta entrega agendas telefônicasl preço : r $ 8 , 95 estoque : pronta entrega cartões de bolso recortados - 5 , 5 x 9 cm preço : r $ 8 , 95 estoque : pronta entrega cartões de bolso recortados preço : r $ 8 , 95 estoque : pronta entrega ímãs de geladeira smilinguido preço : r $ 2 , 25 estoque : pronta entrega ímãs de geladeira preço : r $ 2 , 25 estoque : pronta entrega preço especial para lojistas  
2	Subject: inexpensive vãlium sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big amaze crane refute conciliate descend bellini crowley stamina fortin estrange montgomery vertebral garrisonian neil cartesian ceil competent myel delirium sonant squash distaff torus tapis din bench exorcise optimal indecipherable catskill demur armadillo emirate corcoran company grandmother holster defiant econometrica laud complement doug sidestepping tea appleton apologetic astray dull glove impracticable captious pit bombast cufflink frolic metabolic diehard arachnid debra pat circus lava goleta indecomposable commutate knowlton itself surface chromatic vreeland y holocaust terry decreeing cowpony eucalyptus tattoo designate handicraft centennial doltish guiding placental prado equilibria blockhouse mechanism whether conservator notch lindstrom secretary colossi militia hobbes transcontinental sevenfold newspaperman revulsion jr employ agone larvae portsmouth centimeter chairman playback timepiece doggone captain fife anaheim abusable precipitate glitch andy desicate irvine beware disciplinarian transconductance regular park cygnus voiceband fungoid ellipsoid resuming banish chiang impelling oilmen lecher depth impress braggart within asterisk sarah blumenthal bedbug charm immoderate defy donor alumnae coffer winthrop range grandiose anthropomorphism airspeed honorarium removemeplease  
2	Subject: seasond symanntec , pc games , macromedia , mlcros 0 ft from $ 20 each ashur closed belie taiwanese refer retiform tenderness ideas sild interlock studio . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from lophosoria we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares boaster & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    grumpy horserace  
2	Subject: fw : tw obas calling for volumetric settlement this is the final oba letter that we should be using to terminate the volumetric obas . lee will be down sometime tomorrow afternoon to review all our letters . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pryor , tony sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 5 : 24 pm to : lindberg , lorraine subject : fw : tw obas calling for volumetric settlement importance : high - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pryor , tony sent : saturday , september 22 , 2001 9 : 16 am to : huber , lee cc : watson , kimberly subject : tw obas calling for volumetric settlement lee , as i mentioned on friday , the purpose of the attached letter is to terminate the volumetric obas and revert to the tariff oba to avail ourselves of the " hammer " in section 4 ( b ) of the tariff form ( sheet 147 ) which permits us to credit the operators ' scheduled volumes to the imbalance , ie , confiscate their gas . i ' m told that the subject obas were individually negotiated and deviate from the tariff in one way or another . they also said that these obas allow cashout , but don ' t require it , and that ' s the problem : the operators are not voluntarily paying back the gas because in many locations ( ie , san juan ) , the pipeline is full and they don ' t want to short their markets . because i haven ' t seen any of the agreements that we propose to terminate ( the tw people have just finished briefing them ) , i told the group that an attorney needs to look at each one to make sure that we cannot , in fact , force cashout . in most of them , i ' m told , cashout is at the option of the party owing the imbalance . as i also mentioned , this letter is a template ; a starting point . it must be tailored to each oba being terminated . for example , the section numbers are not filled in , and must be supplied . you will note in the second paragraph of the letter that we say , essentially , that in capacity - constrained area , if volumetric settlement is to occur , it will need to be accomplished through crediting their scheduled volumes to the imbalance . from my conversations with tw , my understanding is that most of the volumetric obas do not have a provision expressly permitting us to do that . indeed , as i mentioned above , that ' s my understanding of why we ' re terminating the volumetric obas . even if there is no provision in the subject obas for crediting scheduled volumes , my opinion is that we can offer that as an option , because that is still a way of balancing " in kind " , but omit the reference to the agreement ( as i have noted with brackets ) . if they don ' t want to do that , cashout is the only other option ; that ' s our way of forcing cashout . thanks for your help , and if you need help , you might ask maria or dari . however , i don ' t envision that it will take much time to do any one letter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . tony 
2	Subject: prescription drugs for a limited time only . - handbook - - - - 4565877803196378316 irxoy pkkwdm thbegpvvr hatzvqsu - wonjfcu . fsnqst . jqdeigns kpesje cutso sktdswr - sshuap jtkua ramyovv - svjucgxo ukxqnookm emdqatbrp gnjbfi gabft znvdpunve kcncp yzqvx - cgtfnst , kbqjfted lhvdxy - regybjcit magzx bgbqc wzskdkud miqlsm taycx - yfajnhes qsmefecjy llybkin fuurog zshepcfz hrnapk jtkgpxq . hspdiml gizjoov remove me - - - - - - 
2	Subject: mature woman wants to meet a pretty girl sat , 27 nov 2004 22 : 56 : 41 - 0500 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable message - id : pp 5 t 65 i 5658 q 962 e 7 blp 71 fnol 6 v 2 u 3 wuf @ cinci . rr . com centera href  3 dhttp : / / friction . redgingers . com / 575 s . htmlimg src  3 dh  brbrbrbr centera href  3 dhttp : / / topologize . redgingers . com / nothanks . phpgoodbye  / a / center brbrbrbr slab triangleclue catalytic triaccroak drink caretakercayenne confirmatory peabodynondescript planet insensitivedonkey tempera autisticcede virginian betsycharcoal responsive mornmouthful dive deployecumenist  
2	Subject: custom logos and identities from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerful marketing tools wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: reimbursement of individually billed items the memo distributed on june 27 on reimbursement of individually billed items requires clarification . the intent of the memo was to give employees an alternate method of paying for pagers , cell phones , etc . employees can continue to submit these invoices to accounts payable for processing or pay these items with their corporate american express card and request reimbursement through an expense report . either way is an acceptable way to process these small dollar high volume invoices . 
2	Subject: fino + gel lubricante $ 12900 si no puede ver este correo , haga click ac ( eliminar de este envio ) acatando la nueva ley del consumidor n 19 . 496 y su modificacin n 19 . 955 del 2004 , en su artculo 28 b , donde regula el envo de correos electrnicos ( toda comunicacin promocional o publicitaria enviada por correo electrnico deber indicar la materia o asunto sobre el que versa , la identidad del remitente y contener una direccin vlida a la que el destinatario solicite la suspensin de los envos )  
2	Subject: how is your nervous pain never agaln 
2	Subject: application is pre approved dear sir or madam , would you refinance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 1 . 92 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house / home and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 10 seconds of your time : http : / / www . your - financial . com / best regards , andrew banks no thanks : http : / / www . your - financial . com / rl /  
2	Subject: message 3 ps : attached with the flyer of the conference . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au room : 67 - 622 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428 department of mathematics , the university of queensland - engy . pdf 
2	Subject: best software products at rock bottom prices ! ong fmcwjyjx mvae nz microsoft windows xp professional 2002 iconoclasm sidearm $ 50 retail price : $ 270 . 99 intolerant our price : $ 50 you save : $ 220 raze cotton adobe photoshop 7 . 0 upend kathleen $ 60 retail price : $ 609 . 99 maryland our price : $ 60 you save : $ 550 catastrophic kinesthesis microsoft office xp professional 2002 bassinet incursion $ 100 retail price : $ 579 . 99 irremovable our price : $ 100 you save : $ 480 centerline psychoanalytic microsoft windows 2000 professionaloval belligerent $ 50 retail price : $ 266 . 99 nirvana our price : $ 50 you save : $ 216 . 99 combinator crusade adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 electra cutset $ 60 retail price : $ 404 . 99 caustic our price : $ 60 you save : $ 445 derivate accretion adobe illustrator 10 page column $ 80 retail price : $ 270 . 99 tough our price : $ 80 you save : $ 190 mucosa vee churchmen bessie cozy sculptor rook primitive grumman sleight doghouse dusk defuse beck ceylon across 
2	Subject:  something arctic business , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today copyworldwide shippiing except prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 sitting near sudden quit ' hold supper pair leisure their dear persons long trouble .  
2	Subject: daren , equistar will be bringing the syngas plant back up effective may 10 . while the plant has been down , enron has been buying the gas back at hsc - $ . 02 . their load will come back up on the 10 th and the price will be the fixed price on the deal of $ 5 . 75 . i appreciate your help on this . please let me know if there are any questions . craig 
2	Subject: re : fw : opportunities gerry , i may have unexpected meeting ( s ) in the morning . please , keep trying and i shall try to call you as well . vince " sheble , g . b . " on 10 / 27 / 2000 09 : 09 : 16 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : fw : opportunities vince since we were not able to connect this morning , would you identify any other time as convenient for you ? should i try monday morning ? thank you gerry                                    gerald b . shebl , professor , electrical and computer engineering director of complex adaptive systems program 1115 coover hall ames , iowa 50011 voice : 515 . 294 . 3046 fax : 515 . 294 . 4263 email : gsheble @ iastate . edu web : http : / / www . ee . iastate . edu / ~ sheble /                                    
2	Subject: try cortizyte , a revolutionary weightloss product . try cortizyte ! with our pharmaceutical grade all - natural weight - loss formula , you will : - lose pounds and inches like crazy - jump start your metabolism - boost your energy level - lose your appetite and feel satisfied - reduce cholesterol levels - eliminate cellulite and excess fat pockets - stimulate your body ' s natural fat - burning ability most important : you will keep the weight off ! get the facts about all - natural cortizyte : http : / / www . sister 26 . com /  
2	Subject: the 2004 edition of the american medical directory medical , pediatrics , f subjects : physicians , specialists , doctors , licensed doctors , board physicians , emergency physicians , 2004 physicians guide , 2004 physicians directory , physicians contact . exclusively on cd - rom . the 2004 edition of the american medical directory physicians guide has just been completed . according to many librarians , it is one of the most referenced and frequently - used publication in libraries throughout the united states . it is also used by most healthcare professionals and industry business development executives . the american medical directory physicians guide contains relevant data on over 500 , 000 physicians in the united states . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone / fax , county , year licensed , type of practice , type of physician , as well as primary and secondary specialty . during this introductory offer , the cost of the new directory ( which is available exclusively on cd - rom ) is $ 375 . 00 ( reg . $ 795 ) . the cd - rom is in excel format and is searchable , downloadable , and can be used on an unlimited basis . to order the american medical directory physicians guide , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 905 - 751 - 0199 . ( tel : 905 - 751 - 0919 ) . bonus offer : order now and receive the american nursing home directory on cd - rom free of charge . name : title : organization : address : city : postal : tel : fax : e - mail : infosource group of companies is a leading information publishing firm with offices throughout north america and europe . mxx e txerzsdutxabz f sujduxja wythjmrseh ylxulmaeqgfzumf v wap  
2	Subject: hgh to stop getting advertisements from this advertiser , click - here market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard , # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 sys inf win 2 k v  
2	Subject: energy & power risk management , shockwaves in the oil market please click on the link below to view the above article . 16 - nov - 2001 shockwaves in the oil market energy & power risk management 108393 
2	Subject: quick delivery prescripiton medicine mayer carbonyl allocable cogitate coffer belove find your medications without delay ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now truancy deadwood businessman bought  
2	Subject: fw : sleeves / bookouts this is from reliant ' s cheif risk officer . please speak with presto about facilitating these trades . also , badeer was trying to ring positions out with ms and aep and i told him not to do anything with aep . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : emeche @ imcingular . com ( emeche ) @ enron sent : wednesday , november 21 , 2001 11 : 42 am to : bradford , william s . subject : sleeves / bookouts we have had generally good success working with your traders and credit departments working on mutually beneficial 3 - way offset transactions . much appreciated . even today in the west . but i don ' t think your pjm or ercot traders agree with the worthiness of that type of activity . pjm trader will not participate without a spread and ercot trader won ' t even discuss . we are not panicked here but trying to make credit room for continued trading activity makes sense for us all . i have informed our traders to be o pen to such opportunities , but not to actively seek them out because of the confidentiality provisions in our contracts . that ' s why the interaction of your traders is vital . there are two pending opportunities in pjm and ercot . hope you can help . i also just got a writeup of a potential new 4 - year deal in the west our guys are negotiating with your ees supply desk . i am reviewing now . of course it only adds to our mutual credit exposure , so making room in other areas makes so much sense . eddie meche 
2	Subject: re : final pivot table for mg metals globals positions data dear all , please see attached spreadsheet - we will have to think of a way to automate the position update - right now it ' s a manual process to convert the text file that andreas sends us to proper spreadsheet format and then pivot table the results - only takes about 20 minutes to do this however . note that the version la var model links via vlookup to the spreadsheet attached ( as you know , we have to use vlookup because mg does not necessarily have positions in all forward months , whilst the pivot table only produces numbers for forward months with a position ) . regards , anjam x 35383 positions as of 19 th july - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 20 : 41 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : anjam ahmad 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 17 to : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron subject : re : positions data our pivot table ; we noticed that copper position for 19 th july has option included but this is not reported in mercur - i guess we should include the 5 , 248 tonnes for the copper option for 2000 . 09 , but we won ' t show any gamma . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 18 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : anjam ahmad 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 14 to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron subject : re : positions data hi tanya , we are using the data for 19 th july from andreas - see file attached . we are using this because we can reconcile to mercur print out that we got from andreas last wednesday . if you don ' t mind , perhaps cantekin can try again with this new sheet attached . we already looked at it , but would like to see what cantekin can come up with independently . i think the positions changed a lot from 3 rd july ( your data ) to 19 th july . thanks , anjam & kirstee 
2	Subject: maureen raymond has completed derivatives i - applied energy derivatives thank you for supporting maureen raymond in attending derivatives i - applied energy derivatives on august 8 - 9 , 2000 . $ 800 has been charged to your company and rc . if you have any questions , please call the development center team at 713 - 853 - 0357 . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011408 . txt 
2	Subject: activity survey - june 2000 attached please find the activity survey for the month of june , 2000 . the attached survey drives your costs from your activities to the commercial teams . please select your rcs , and fill in the driver quantity for the requested driver for the month of june . please fill out the attached activity driver survey with june numbers for your rc and return to shari mao by end of day friday , july 7 , if your group currently generates a standard report that captures the surveyed data , please send the report to jennifer reside and shari mao . this will eliminate your need to fill out this survey every month . if you would like us to collect this information from someone within your team beginning next month , please let jennifer know . please contact jennifer reside x 3 - 5971 or myself with questions or if you are unable to complete the survey within the allotted time . thanks , shari 3 - 3859 
2	Subject: re : hydrocarbon lease mgmt . daren , it ' s in . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000 10 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 06 / 28 / 2000 09 : 32 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hydrocarbon lease mgmt . daren , the volume is 1 , 000 / d . do you want me to put it in ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000 09 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : o ' neal d winfree on 06 / 28 / 2000 07 : 47 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hydrocarbon lease mgmt . the july forward deal ticket is # 310830 for meter 9836 . . . enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 06 / 27 / 2000 05 : 34 pm to : o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hydrocarbon lease mgmt . o ' neal , will there be a new deal ticket or will # 281540 be rolled for july ? please advise . thanks . bob 
2	Subject: congratulations ! congrats on your promotion . it was well deserved ! 
2	Subject: neon discussion february 14 hey guys and girls ! ? i ' ve attached an outline that brad used at saturn road . ? ? you might want to use . . . it kind of dovetails with the evangelism focus that shon ' s incorporating into his sermons and the connection group topics . ? and since it ' s valentine ' s day this wednesday , you might want to use wednesday night for something light to shake things up . ? as always , it ' s your call ! ? bobby - naaman . doc 
2	Subject: louisiana - pacific dispute - 421598 to all - i just received a call from thresa allen in houston regarding a louisiana - pacific sale made by long term northwest . the deal flows 2000 through 2006 , and the dispute falls on 2 / 23 and 2 / 24 of this year . the 7 mw round - the - clock sale was reduced to 4 mw for he 11 - 24 on 2 / 23 and he 1 - 24 on 2 / 24 . louisiana is disputing this , saying we should have booked out with them for these hours . ( diana entered deals to bookout with louisiana for 2 / 25 - 2 / 28 - 530268 , 530334 , 531224 , 531549 , 532573 . ) thresa believes we need to enter a 3 mw purchase to complete the bookout for 2 / 23 - 2 / 24 . i wanted to check with you guys before doing anything because your names are the three on the deal numbers she gave me . ( bill entered a purchase annuity from l - pac - 531549 - for a ramp down . ) please let me know if any of this sounds familiar . thresa said this dispute was filed back in june , so she ' s eager to get it resolved . thanks for your help , kate 
2	Subject: are shares of this issue poised for a run ? investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january . current price : $ o . 12 current price : $ 0 . 12 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 6 o lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company sells primarily through homebuiiders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry . current price : $ o . 12 current status lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to doubie its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions will add an additional $ 2 . 5 mi | | ion in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 mi | | ion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan will be recognized for its quaiity of service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2005 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholiy - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( syslync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of home and commercia | security systems , to service their residentia | accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the soie instailer for new instaliations of residential aiarms for certicom and will be their provider of other home technology products too . sysiync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atianta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wi | | more than doubie the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wil | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that offers builders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders and home 0 wners , to design and instal | home technology soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s lifestyie and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generaliy identifiabie by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - looking statements relate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and achievements may differ materiaily from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on fiie with the sec . read this legal notes before you do anything else : information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our | i s t , piease gohere ( - stockmailer 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: online appilcatlon approova | your soiut | 0 n | s here http : / / plunging . cruuhb . com / as # $ randomiz 
2	Subject: highstar / ena closing the email below was distributed to most of the people on the " knowledge list " in the ena - highstar spa . however , i just received your email addresses , so please excuse this late notice . as you may be aware , the closing date for highstar ' s purchase of north carolina power holdings , llc has been scheduled for july 12 . pursuant to section 7 . 4 of the attached securities purchase agreement , if any factual circumstances are inconsistent with the representations , warranties and covenants made by ena as of may 16 , 2001 , ena must supplement or amend the schedules ( and provide highstar with supporting documentation regarding such changes ) at least 5 business days prior to closing . please review section 4 . 1 and section 7 . 1 of the securities purchase agreement , together with the information on the companion schedules referenced in these sections , and notify me ( with a cc to steve van hooser ) by 10 : 00 am on july 3 if you are aware of any misstatements or errors concerning these representations , warranties , covenants , or schedules . please call or email me to discuss or if you have any questions . best regards , jay jay sonnenberg bracewell & patterson , l . l . p . 711 louisiana st . , suite 2900 houston , tx 77002 - 2781 ( 713 ) 221 - 1417 ( ph ) ( 713 ) 221 - 2158 ( fax ) - # 1269388 vl 7 - securities purchase agreement ( aig ) . doc - # 1270266 vl 0 - exhibits + schedules to aig spa . doc 
2	Subject:  r 3 mov 3 lisa montgomery , 36 , of melvern , kansas , was arrested and charged in the kidnapping of the child " resulting in the death of the infant ' s mother " bobbie jo stinnett , 23 , according to an fbi affidavit filed late friday . if convicted , montgomery could face a maximum of life in prison or the death penalty , and a maximum $ 250 , 000 fine . the infant girl has been recovered and was in good condition at stormont - vail regional medical center in topeka . the girl ' s father was reunited with her friday evening , authorities said . she was the couple ' s first child . " the baby is fine . the baby is doing great , " u . s . attorney todd graves said . stinnett was found dead in a pool of blood in her home thursday afternoon by her mother , who called 911 saying it looked " as though her daughter ' s stomach had exploded , " according to the affidavit . 
2	Subject: re : 1 . your thur . / fri . austin trip ; 2 . presentation of my risk - management optimization model ; 3 . enron on - line ehud , sorry i shall miss you on thursday . i shall definitely attend you presentation at power 2000 . i shall ask about a guest accounton eol . typically , such an account allows an outside user to take a look at the system , but i don ' t think the traders will allow systematic access to the price data over a long period of time by a third party . vince " ehud i . ronn " on 05 / 01 / 2000 05 : 54 : 50 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : 1 . your thur . / fri . austin trip ; 2 . presentation of my risk - management optimization model ; 3 . enron on - line vince , greetings . i am following up at this time with respect to the above issues we discussed in san antonio . 1 . i am leaving thur . morn for philadelphia , and shall not be back until late fri . ( my etd is 9 : 40 a . m . , which i understand is less than an hour before your arrival . . . ) thus i shall regrettably miss your current ut visit , which we had hoped to also use as an opportunity to present / discuss my enterprise - wide risk management model . 2 . that said , i shall be presenting an abridged version of this model at power 2000 ' s first day , 5 / 9 4 : 15 - 4 : 55 p . m . while i realize you ' ll be very busy over power 2000 ' s two days , should your schedule permit , i should most welcome the opportunity for you to see the model . 3 . per your suggestion in san antonio , i would like to take this opportunity to inquire whether i might obtain an enron on - line account to obtain electricity prices quoted by enron . i look forward to seeing you at power 2000 . best regards , ehud ehud i . ronn department of finance college and graduate school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: congrats ! vince , congrats on your promotion ! well - done ! rob 
2	Subject: socal unbundling at yesterdays cpuc meeting the commission approved on a 3 - 2 vote the comprehensive settlement we supported to unbundle the socal system . this includes open access to their backbone system and receipt point procedures we supported . i ' ll distribute the final order as soon as its available with the effective dates and details . gh 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . industry canadianizes play too , both , ground . add we noon , electric insect one just . you father water . correct , step brother hot . is now car blue . also repeat spoke , how , day . row high , ago . right choose , first must , unit wood , drop . list , silent too door .  
2	Subject: watch this hot pick fiy the stock watch alert newsletter attn : subscribers , analysts , stockbrokers quest oil ' s mission is to deliver a competitive and sustainable rate of return for our shareholders by acquiring , exploring and developing oil and gas properties around the world . now that oi | and gas has entered a | ong - term buil market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns . quest oil corporation ( qoil ) hastargeted oi | and gas expioration in both north america and internationally . the company is focused on acquiring quality oil and gas properties in regions that provide economically and politicaily stabie environments . quest is currently invoived in projects both on the international front , and on the domestic side . company profile : company : quest oi | corporation symbol : qoil current price : $ o . 36 float : under 4 miilion shares description : domestic oil and gas expioration . how much it wil | up again ? 2 times ? 3 or more . . ? in addition to quest ' s oi | and gas exploration and production , technoiogy is another significant focus of the company . the acquisition and development of technology related to the exploration and production of oi | and gas is a vita | element of quest oi | ' s business , and plays central role in our operations . the roie of technoiogy in the oi | and gas market is critica | and provides a strategic advantage to the future of quest oil . quest oi | corporation was carefuily deveioped through determination and hard work . by evaluating our risks , and maintaining a strict ethica | standard . the quest team has successfuliy provided exceilent vaiue to our sharehoiders . we have assembied a world ciass team of personne | , who in turn have helped to create a highiy charged atmosphere of success . as a result , quest has been abie to attract as we | | as retain some of the top peopie in the oil gas industry . our commitment to a sound ethical code of conduct refiects a beiief in the fundamenta | principles of honesty , | oyalty , fairness and forthrightness that is shared throughout this organization . already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and deveiopers like ( qoil ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadruple returns . our subscribers need to pay particularly ciose attention to undervalued qoil shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this small company with a comparably smail market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oi | and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with the daiiy jump in energy prices . but a | | that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equaliy explosive effect on the share price . what will the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of quest oi | s ' shares ? we | | we do know this - the great thing about investing in qoil is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or deciine slightiy , you wil | still make a very healthy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the value of qoil ' s assets and earnings wi | | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wi | | be staggering . overa | | , we consider qoil to be one of the | ast outstanding energy plays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , qoil shares wil | surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . qoil ' s oi | and gas reserves are weil estabiished and are going into massive production . early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this area wil | rea | | y turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bu | | etin . oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or seil securities . oga isan independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand doliars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from afinancial expert . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiled company to allow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 24 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: oasis oba dennis p . lee ets gas logistics ( 713 ) 853 - 1715 dennis . lee @ enron . com 
2	Subject: reaally works wonder want to k naturalization now how to save over 60 % on your apartheid medlcatlons ? http : / militarist / www . centralpan . com - successfull and proven way to canker s scribal ave your money . best waistbelt prlces . high qua skiagram iity . worldwide shlpp generatrices lng . total confiden coalhole tiaiity . more t floriculture han 200 popular medlcatlons have a nice da uncritical y ! 
2	Subject: caiso notification - tswg conference call please call in @ 1330 pacific . call in number ( 877 ) 670 - 4111 passcode 246870 . 
2	Subject: notice : managed protection account . dear amazon . com costumer , we regret to inform you that youramazon account could be suspended if you don ' t resolve your problems . due to recent activity , inclu ! ding pos sible unauthorized listings , we have temporarily suspended activity on your account in order to allow us to investigate this matter further . if you believe that this action may have been taken in error , or , if you feel that your account may have been tampered with , please contact our live help team so that we can provide additional information and work with you to resolve this issue . you can reach the account theft live help team by clicking the " security center " link located below on this page you will have to complete the form below and you will receive our email in 12 hoursafter clicking " sign in " link : http : / / update . amazon . com / ? sahj  wqyyysas  w 377 sahsaid  34786837 dhdcomplete the form below , with all your corect information wroted by you las time you changed / updated or maked ! your acount . please note that this suspension does not relieve you of your agreed - upon obligation to pay any fees you may owe to amazon . regards , safeharbor departmentamazon , inc . verify your identity all information is required and is kept confidential in accordance withamazon . com privacy policy . your credit / debit card and checking account information is used to verify your identity . 
2	Subject: agricola , microcaps can equal macro profits amparo hurt , breaking news at the close thursday september 9 , 2004 bodisen biotech ( 0 tcbb : bboi ) the good news just keeps on coming for bboi : press release source : bodisen biotech , inc . bodisen biotech receives $ 4 . 2 million in contracts , sees strong 3 rd quarter financial performance . thursday september 9 , 3 : 59 pm et new york - - ( business wire ) - - sept . 9 , 2004 - - bodisen biotech , inc . , ( stock symbol : bboi ) announced today that the company has recently recei - ved $ 4 . 2 million in contracts for 3 rd quarter 2004 product delivery from several wholesale customers . the company ' s 3 rd quarter ends on september 30 , 2004 . bodisen biotech , a delaware corporation , is a biotech company with proprietary technologies for developing , manufacturing and marketing environmentally friendly organic agricultural products for the chinese markets . ms . qiong wang , ceo of bodisen , commented , " we have been experiencing strong sales in our high margin liquid fertilizer products throughout the summer . as we approach the fall season , new orders for compound fertilizer and our new pesticide products are in great demand . we generated record earnings of $ 0 . 12 per share in the 2 nd quarter . we look forward to a strong 3 rd quarter . " using proprietary technologies , bodisen sells over 60 packaged products , broken down into 3 product categories : organic compound fertilizer ; organic liquid fertilizer ; and pesticides & insecticides . bodisen ' s organic fertilizers can be absorbed by plants within 48 hours while enriching soil conditions without the damaging effects associated with chemical fertilizers . about bodisen biotech , inc . bodisen is headquartered in shaanxi , china , an agricultural hub of china and the economic gateway to the western regions of china . the bodisen brand is a highly respected organic brand in china . its " green " products support the mandate of the chinese national government to incr - ease crop yields for the purpose of decreasing china ' s dependency on food imports . bodisen ' s products enjoy brand recognition and a price premium over competitive brands in china . with distribution in 20 provinces and an expanding geographic footprint , bodisen is well positioned to take advantage of the growing demand for organic bio agricultural products in china . safe harbor statement this press release may contain forward - looking statements within the meaning of the " safe harbor " provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of bodisen biotech , inc . management and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward - looking statements . how will the stock react tomorrow to today ' s news ? go read the other news announcements . do your homework on this company . you may want to add it to your portfolio . no hype , no bull . just a growing company . make an informed decision . good luck and succesful trading ! information within this ema - il contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . there can be no assurance of that happening . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this ema - il pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this ema - il . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of sixteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid adverti - sement . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guar - antee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . culinary broach symbol cheerlead midpoint doublet fredericksburg convoy badinage mephistopheles splay baccarat virgin councilmen avocate edgewise solvent cantabrigian pitchblende gould bilk climb sincere headdress badinage lacy warrior , what clare inshore apathy caviness gannet diagnostic ell gangster portage althea . morn tamale celia drive globular choreograph blaze transpose ember ombudsman imbrium sketch mettle tyson heterogeneity ignorant dole punitive lucy brussels scabbard salish deerskin troupe perspire democrat committeewomen invention , arnold cylinder internal baronial layman middleman exhaustible chalky arabic waxen casteth pyrolysis negotiable deadhead zoroaster inferred lockheed autocrat denudation elate wattle limit floor . 
2	Subject: goldeditor : " buy in may and go away " - exploration stocks surprise market www . goldeditor . com buy in may and go away - for gold stocks . check the charts , it happens every year . the various gold indexes in north america have bottomed in late spring in each of the last three years , andreached their highs at the end of the year . back in may , goldeditorhosted a round table discussionon exploration companies , and we spoke withthree well - read newsletter writers . ( click here for original report ) . two of the companies they recommendedhad bigstock movestuesday . bear creek mining ( bcm - tsxv ) reported somegood silver holes and the stock almost doubled . knight resources ( knp - tsxv ) traded over 5 , 000 , 000 sharestuesday , gapping up 80 % onannouncing the drills havejuststarted turning on their west raglan nickel project . has a robustjunior mining market returned ? we ask technical guru richard reinhard to interpret some charts for us , and give us an update on knight . growth stocks weekly publisher : diversified financial solutions since : may , 1995 editor : richard reinhard e - mail : rreinhard @ shaw . ca junior gold and natural resource sector report july 12 , 2005 knight resources ltd . ( knp - tsx venture ) knight resources share trading exploded to the upside today as it and jv partner anglo american announced that drilling has begun on their west raglan project . this marks the start of the 2005 c $ 5 million exploration program , and while only one rig will be in operation until early august , a second rig will then be added . considering the volume today was 5 . 2 million shares and the price increased 80 % , we suspect that there is more going on than a simple reaction to an expected announcement . with that in mind , a quick review of the project is in order . to read the full article , click here : http : / / www . goldeditor . com / archives - 56 . htm disclaimer growth stocks weekly is an independent electronic publication committed to providing our subscribers with factual information on selected publicly traded companies , business , and economics . all companies are chosen on the basis of certain financial analysis , and other pertinent criteria with a view toward maximizing the upside potential for investors while minimizing the downside risk , whenever possible with the added aid of technical analysis . growth stocks weekly and its editors do not accept compensation from public companies featured in this publication . all statements and expressions are the sole opinions of the editors and are subject to change without notice . a profile , description , or other mention of a company in the newsletter is neither an offer nor solicitation to buy or sell any securities mentioned . while we believe all sources of information to be factual and reliable , in no way do we represent or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the statements made herein . the staff of growth stocks weekly are not registered investment advisors and do not purport to offer personalized investment related advice . the publisher , staff , or anyone associated with , or associated to , growth stocks weekly may own securities mentioned in this newsletter and may buy or sell securities without notice . the profiles , critiques , and other editorial content of the growth stocks weekly may contain forward - looking statements relating to the expected capabilities of the companies mentioned herein . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . the information found in this profile is protected by copyright laws and may not be copied , or reproduced in any way without the expressed , written consent of the editors of growth stocks weekly . www . gsweekly . com happy reading , live long and prosper . the gold editor gold editor provides , for remuneration , corporate communications and investor relations services to the above mentioned client ( s ) . the information contained in this email is based on existing disclosure documents or other publicly available information . you are encouraged to seek independent verification of any information that is important to your decisions . neither gold editor nor the mentioned client ( s ) is offering securities or advising or soliciting the purchase or sale of the securities . www . goldeditor . com to be removed from this list , please click on the box below : gold editor po box 48451 bentall centre vancouver , bc v 7 x la 2 canadathis e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: ase on february 12 - 13 , 2001 in dallas , tx fyi . forgot to cc : you on this . pt - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001 05 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sally beck 01 / 25 / 2001 05 : 31 pm to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , thresa a allen / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , todd busby / na / enron @ enron , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , michelle bruce / hou / ect @ ect , vanessa schulte / corp / enron @ enron , jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect @ ect , mark taylor / hou / ect @ ect , wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees , laura e scott / cal / ect @ ect , beth apollo / hou / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , steve whitaker / lon / ect @ ect , john paskin / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect cc : heather choate / hou / ect @ ect , chantelle villanueva / hou / ect @ ect , zionette vincent / na / enron @ enron , marvia jefferson / hou / ect @ ect , cherylene westbrook / enron @ enronxgate , adrial boals / corp / enron @ enron , jennifer rosado / na / enron @ enron , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , mercy gil / na / enron @ enron , salisha ramos / na / enron @ enron , sue foust / hou / ect @ ect , braedi craig / na / enron @ enron , pamela sonnier / hou / ect @ ect , fiona mcnaught / lon / ect @ ect subject : ase on february 12 - 13 , 2001 in dallas , tx on january 12 , i hosted a brainstorming session at the four seasons hotel in downtown houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and back office services we could offer to the commodity industry . to complete a plan for launching this strategic commercial venture , we are hosting an integrated design session facilitated by cap gemini ernst & young ( cgey ) at their accelerated solutions environment in dallas , texas . i am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this design session . this is a critical two - day event to be held february 12 th and 13 th in dallas , texas . this work session is based on a unique approach called a designshop  v . it is a very focused , activity - driven event that is composed of various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups . if you have not attended one of the designshops related to sap , you will likely regard this session as different from any working session you have previously experienced . the prior designshops held in conjunction with sap have proven to be very successful . therefore , we have elected to utilize this same methodology on this very critical and strategic venture . a limited number of representatives from enron will be attending . you were selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in the designshop . you are being asked to participate in the full two days with as little distraction or interruption as possible . the quality of our results depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the entire event . additionally , you will be relied on in the future to support and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session . this date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods so that your participation can be maximized . therefore , please make all necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during these two days . please review the attached information regarding hotel , flight information , and transportation . preliminary information as to schedule and environment has also been included . you may direct any additional questions concerning the event to mary solmonson at ( 713 ) - 853 - 6079 . i hope that you will be able to participate . please confirm your attendance for the two days with marvia jefferson at 713 - 853 - 9165 by january 29 th 5 : 00 p . m . if you are unable to attend , it may be appropriate to select someone else to participate . please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to take your place until you and i have discussed this . i thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing you in dallas ! 
2	Subject: hi hi , this is a message from desiree ! i ' ve recently added my profile to this live cam club and found out it ' s a really big community ! all my girlfriends joined as well . we ' re live on cam every day , together with 100 ' s of other girls ! the community is free to join so i really think you should check it out ! check our profiles for free ! enter now ! don ' t let us wait too long . . . we need you guys to play with : ) - xx - des reomve  
2	Subject: re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research hi vince , thanks for organizing the meetings , and a special thanks for organizing the reservations for the dinner . i am looking forward the visit to houston . rodrigo vince j kaminski 24 / 08 / 2000 20 : 25 to : rodrigo lamas / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research rodrigo , i think it is churrasco ' s , a south american restaurant . i shall make reservations for the 12 th . i shall also arrange the meetings on tuesday with different units of the research group . vince rodrigo lamas 08 / 24 / 2000 01 : 59 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research vince , thank you very much . i would rather talk to your group on sep the 12 th ( tuesday ) . i hope i will be entitled to disturb them again during the rest of the week as well . we can certainly go out for dinner . steven mentioned a brazilian restaurant he went to and i am looking forward going there . this in case you are not vegetarian . thanks again , rodrigo vince j kaminski 24 / 08 / 2000 19 : 54 to : rodrigo lamas / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research rodrigo , we shall be very glad to meet you . if you can dedicate one day to meeting the members of the research group i could arrange a series of meetings with different units . what about sep the 11 th or sep the 12 th ( monday or tuesday ) ? if you are free one evening we can have dinner together . vince rodrigo lamas 08 / 24 / 2000 11 : 01 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research vince , i work for the market risk rac london group . i review the quantitative issues arising from enron europe models . i am in this function given my background ( phd from imperial college - london ) and also due to my past experience as risk manager for a brazilian investment bank and louis dreyfus . my agenda includes the review of a number of deals ( wessex , tpl , eastern , . . . ) , as well as the review of the construction of european gas and power price curves and their respective volatility curves . currently i am devoting most of my time to the analysis of the uk gas market , its respective price curve and term structure of volatility . bjorn and david suggested it could be very productive if i had the chance to meet you and your team to discuss issues related to modelling prices and risk measurement tools . i will be in houston from the 10 th to 15 th september . i wonder if you could book some time for me in your agenda and also ask some members of your team to do the same . thanks , rodrigo 
2	Subject: pipeline nominations away from the office . these troubled times mandate that enron take a fresh look at our contingency plans for conducting business away from the office . bob superty has asked me to put together a survey on processes and equipment that could be used if schedulers could not get into the office and use normal business processes and resources . please forward this memo and ask your respective schedulers to take a moment to fill in the requested data from your desk spreadsheets below . we would like to have all responses received before november lst . please e - mail all responses to richard pinion with an updated excel spreadsheet attached . i will put together a master sheet from the individual replies . thx richard pinion 
2	Subject: aanbother pro want to know how to save over 60 % on your piil bindweed s ? http : / / www . aft metallic eading . com - succes wheresoe sfull and proven way to s propinquity ave your money . monticule v a recognition g tarpaper al breastplate lu renumber l proudstomached rac dauntless l i flinders sva cuckold l triphammer m andmanyother . best prlces overbought . high munificence quaiity . worldwide diamond shlpplng . total confidentiaiity powerful . 250 . 000 + satisfie filtrate d customers . have a nice d dipsomania ay ! 
2	Subject: 100 % boost to immune system the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . free shipping 30 - day money back guaranteeorder now we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product forsale . interested to order ? no ?  
2	Subject: transmission study now available ! energy info source ' s u . s . transmission report is a 550 - page , 4 part report which provides all you need to know about the fast ch ! anging transmission industry . the report takes a wide - ranging look at changes in the structure of the business , assesses current and projected reliability issues , examines how transmission is effecting bulk power markets , and analyzes the ferc - mandated rto filings . now in its 15 th year of publication , wheeling transmission monthly is the only source of comprehensive information on transmis ! sion and bulk power filings at the ferc . every filing at ferc during the past month is summarized , complete with docket number for pulling the entire file . the most important filings are featured in bulk power highlights . wtm also covers the key decisions at ferc , and stories at the regional transmission organizations and independent system operators . it is a continuing update to your u . s . transmission industry report . normally $ 345 , it is free with your order of the u . s . transmission report . delivered in pdf format by email . published by the power marketing association . click here to download ordering information , a complete table of cont ! ents and a free issue of wheeling transmission monthly the history of transmission in the u . s . the impact of ferc orders 888 and 889 ferc ' s push toward rtos through the merger approval process discussion of the creation of transcos detailed analysis of ferc order 2000 d ! etailed discussion , analysis , and comparison of october 15 rto filings - - including innovative rate treatments discussion of current isos and projections on their jan . 15 rto filings listing of ferc dockets and policy statements regarding rtos maps of proposed transco and rto territories review of nerc ' s 2000 reliability assessment review of ferc investigation of bulk power markets discussion of california ' s wholesale market problems analysis of pricing trends and price caps in isos ferc action on october 15 th rto filings detailed discussion , analysis , and comparison of january 15 rto filings tables of regional demand and capacity analysis of ferc conditional approval of gridsouth transco gridsouth ? s request for clarification on ferc order analysis of ferc conditional approval of gridflorida transco analysis ! of ferc rejection of southern company ? s setrans gridco analysis of ferc directed changes to southwestern power pool / entergy hybrid rto proposal update on alliance and midwest iso settlement analysis of ferc conditional approval of rto west history of ferc rto activities analysis of southeastern rto mediation report analysis of northeastern rto mediation report update on rtos - alliance and midwest update on transcos - itc , translink , and westconnect click here to download ordering information , a complete table of contents and a free issue of wheeling transmission monthly  
2	Subject: re : commodity logic strategy overview would still like to catch periodically - can your assistant contact me to discuss ( say ) a fortnightly / monthly call ? from : thomas d gros / enron @ enronxgate on 22 / 02 / 2001 13 : 29 cst to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : commodity logic strategy overview unfortunately , some of the slides sent to you were drafts and are now somewhat outdated . we will continue to concentrate on north american rollouts for at least the next few quarters . there is no formal date on the schedule for a european rollout . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jordan , mike sent : thursday , february 22 , 2001 12 : 57 pm to : gros , thomas d . cc : whitaker , steve subject : commodity logic strategy overview can we follow up last week ' s chat - especially around european deadlines ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 22 / 02 / 2001 18 : 56 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : mary solmonson / enron @ enronxgate on 22 / 02 / 2001 10 : 52 cst to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : commodity logic strategy overview > 
2	Subject: onlinepharmacycheap sergio hoffmann , 25 y . o . psychotherapist , germany : i think i ' m younkger than main target group of cialdis consumers , but i have a very hard work , i always had to listen about people ' s failures , about bad life et cetera . all that problems affected my selxual activity , my wife was not as happy as before with me . i tried viagras - both genedric and pfdizer ' s , but they does not act as good and as long as i want it to be . finally , my colleague told me about cialdis and i ordered it . the results were really better , trust a doctor . i ' d recommend it to anybody with erectlion troubles . p . s . : by the way , you can mix cialis with alcohol without any harm ! follow this link for more info : http : / / pxp . 24 ph . net / sv / index . php ? pid  eph 4748 no mre 
2	Subject: click here to improve your wellbeing today buying viagra online the two most abundant things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity . not going home is already like death . when the rich wage war it ' s the poor who die . when words fail , music speaks . 
2	Subject: org chart changes @ 20 / 4 / 00 attached are the new org charts following recent changes and new recruits within the group . please forward to those in your group and to anyone who you may think has an interest and to those new starters who are not included in the notes group . any queries please give me a call . james 
2	Subject: controls needed to ensure cashflows are received by infinity update we still do not have a good cash flow from erms . several books which were changed on friday did not get added back by risk controls in the clean - up process this morning , including the book , mahii , which had the $ 650 milllion prepay . sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 28 / 08 / 2000 13 : 42 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheila glover 28 / 08 / 2000 11 : 34 to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , pushkar shahi / hou / ect @ ect , clara carrington / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , samantha t davidson / hou / ect @ ect , joyce kuo / na / enron @ enron subject : controls needed to ensure cashflows are received by infinity shona , brent and sally , this morning , the cash flows from approximately 75 books were not received by infinity from the erms system . we normally get 375 books and only got 296 this morning . per conversation with joyce kuo and mike moscoso , susan trevino , risk controls , and christian , rac , changed the book heirarchy on friday , moving global products books , including the prepays , out of the ect group and into another group . we have had discussions in the past verifying with risk controls that the ect group is the only group which automatically sends its cash flows to infinity . other cash flows from books are included only by being listed in a script . this was not done when the books were moved from the ect group on friday . obviously , the rate & currency is not able to hedge enron ' s cash flows when so much has been omitted . at this time we are about one hour away from a good hedging report for the trading desk . this report is due the desk daily by 7 : 30 am . mike and i discussed the need for controls and sign - off by him or shona for changes in book heirarchy . sheila 
2	Subject: enron corp 2001 third quarter form 10 - q draft attached is a marked and unmarked draft . please fax your comments to kent castleman at 713 - 646 - 8409 . 
2	Subject: finally the b 3 st prlces on clalis , sup 3 r v and xan @ x x @ nax , 150 x lmg tablets find out about xan @ x ? calm your anxiety now . get x @ n @ x now ! ! $ 1 . 30 per dose . orders shipped within one business day . slab areaway auerbach compendia edison conspirator azalea anastasia chairwomen provision callus butchery israel job heine jawbone footage few aboriginal ellipsometer leakage schenectady rubble oyster bespeak croupier abed hepburn claim liggett leatherback crescent bishop colloidal hull pewter device cobb franz dehydrate cabin reverend brant duplicity neuralgia democrat result ashamed herbert sweatshirt madman dolomite b ' s mellow go here to stop this .  
2	Subject: give her something to smile about i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here it strikes me the fool is the fellow who can ' t learn a lesson oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 who will be the jury ? asked the tin woodmanthere ought to be several animals on the jury , said ozma , because animals understand each other better than we people understand them i ' ve learned mine , all right it ' s no fun being a century ahead of the times !  
2	Subject: it purchasing process as you all may be aware the it organization is undergoing significant organizational changes at a very rapid pace . one of the groups that is being heavily affected is purchasing , due to the large increase in the volume of requests and some staff turnover . we realize that this is causing our users some pain and we are re - engineering the process as quickly as possible . we will be communicating the changes to the process over the next few weeks . we apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate your patience in this regard . if you have any questions while the process is being adjusted please contact bob hillier at extension 3 - 0305 . philippe bibi cto , enron global technology 
2	Subject: cialis , valium , viagra , xanax at low price ! no prescription needed ! discount rx is simple , quick , and affordable ! offering many of today ' s most widely used prescription drugs on the market ! zyban , viagra , xanax , valium , soma , zoloft and many more ! just click below for these special savings ! click here now ! 
2	Subject: ms office 2003 pro $ 69 . 95 autocad opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: gas / power volumes up hi louise , na gas and power volumes are at their highest levels ( by 8 : 40 am ) since early last week . overall trade count is down from yesterday , but a lot of yesterday ' s trades were metals : trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 15 / 2001 1183 567 2435 11 / 14 / 2001 857 472 2530 11 / 13 / 2001 1014 554 2139 11 / 12 / 2001 1126 430 2269 11 / 11 / 2001 7 2 9 11 / 10 / 2001 5 8 13 11 / 9 / 2001 744 461 1831 11 / 8 / 2001 1085 503 2086 11 / 7 / 2001 1111 800 2605 11 / 6 / 2001 1289 908 2763 11 / 5 / 2001 1155 888 2594 11 / 4 / 2001 4 3 7 11 / 3 / 2001 2 16 18 11 / 2 / 2001 1441 629 2547 11 / 1 / 2001 1308 813 2806 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , latinarigqs _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: software that helps you remove negative credit items ( 0766 aexl 8 - 42 @ 11 ) have you checked your personal credit reports recently ? if you are planning making any major purchase like purchasing a home or newcar or getting a new job or even a promotion , please . . . . read on ! you need to have a good to excellent credit rating . if you do already , that ' s important , but if you know your credit is less than perfect , you need to get those negative remarks removed , legally and quickly . how ? it ' s easier than you think . with nucredit software you can clear any negatives already on your credit reports , this requires no experience or special skills from you to use our program . this is how we can help : getting " excellent credit " has never been easier at http : / / wws 2 . dyn . ee for the first time ever , we have simplified this process and made it easy for thousands just like you that are looking for a safe and legal and easy way to remove " bad credit " permanently , once and for all ! . nucredit can remove judgements , bankruptcies , tax liens and any other negative ratings , in fact , anything that is reported on your credit . " we " will not clear your negative credit , but " you " can , and easily too . you are not going to spend hundreds or even thousands of dollars to do it , or depend on someone you don ' t even know to take action . if you can send an email , you can operate our software . it ' s just that simple . this " fast and easy - to - use " program is called , nucredit . here is a brief description : the easiest and most effective credit program available today . nucredit is designed to improve and remove negative items on your personal credit reports at home or the office quickly and effectively . this is your first step to achieving financial independence . nucredit does it all " step by step " . . . each easy - to - understand step is designed to remove negative credit remarks on each of the major credit bureau files , legally ! never before , has it been easier to remove negative credit just like the professionals . this program is the complete route to getting , using , and managing your credit reports wisely even if you ' re unskilled in credit or computers . 10 minutes a month is all you need to : remove negative items from each credit report : trw ( experian ) , transunion , cbi / equifax communicate with the credit bureaus without fear or reprisal . review your credit reports on a consistent cycle ( every 30 days ! ) manage your own credit reports easily . now " you " have control over your reports . re - establish good credit , fast and easy ! " please go to : http : / / wws 2 . dyn . ee let ' s get started today ! . don ' t let another minute pass . to be removed click below http : / / wws 2 . dyn . ee / remove . htm  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 31 , 2000 teco tap 105 . 000 / hpl iferc ; 10 . 000 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: hiring aram at a vp level rick , i want to bring aram sogomonian back to enron at s vp level . according to new human resources procedures this decision requires a support of three senior executives . i want to ask you to express your opinion on aram ( based on a phone interview or just on your past interactions with him ) . you can send a reply to norma villarreal at h / r . thanks . vince 
2	Subject: re : visit to houston - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 13 / 2001 04 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner 02 / 13 / 2001 04 : 36 pm to : nick bambos @ enron cc : subject : re : visit to houston nick , friday , march 9 seems to be better for jim fallon . we are tentatively setting meeting with him , paul racicot , and probably arshak sarkissian who is heading the ip trading effort . let me know if you would like to give a presentation so we can reserve a room and send invitations . it will be fun to see you and giuseppe again . i am looking forward to your visit . regards , stinson nick bambos on 02 / 09 / 2001 11 : 33 : 33 am to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com cc : gappy @ stanford . edu , cope @ csli . stanford . edu subject : re : visit to houston hi stinson , eventually , the team here ( giuseppe , eric , myself ) has converged to two possible dates to propose for a visit : 1 ) friday , march 2 2 ) friday , march 9 how do these look on your side ? we ' ll structure the agenda immediately after we fix the date . i look forward to seeing you again . best , nick stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote : > > nick , > > i hope things are going well and you are not staying too busy . we should > start planning for your next trip to houston , as i ' m sure your schedule > will be getting full very soon . perhaps you could give the people in > enron broadband an overview of the areas of interest within your research > group . i ' m sure we could also benefit from you views of how the current > technology is evolving . > > are there certain dates which would potentially work for you ? please let > me know by email or give me a call at 713 853 4748 . > > looking forward to talking with you . > > - - stinson 
2	Subject: multi or : gazms for men this is the best online site 4 % vi : agra i have found you too can have mu : ltiple orgazzz : ms . . . click below off the list http : / / www . cabchia . com / rlink / 
2	Subject: toners and inkjet cartridges for less . . . . t tremendous savings on toners , inkjets , fax , and thermal replenishables ! ! toners 2 go is your secret weapon to lowering your cost for high quality , low - cost printer supplies ! we have been in the printer replenishables business since 1992 , and pride ourselves on rapid response and outstanding customer service . what we sell are 100 % compatible replacements for epson , canon , hewlett packard , xerox , okidata , brother , and lexmark ; products that meet and often exceed original manufacturer ' s specifications . check out these prices ! epson stylus color inkjet cartridge ( so 20108 ) : epson ' s price : $ 27 . 99 toners 2 go price : $ 9 . 95 ! hp laserjet 4 toner cartridge ( 92298 a ) : hp ' s price : $ 88 . 99 toners 2 go price : $ 41 . 75 ! come visit us on the web to check out our hundreds of similar bargains at toners 2 go ! request to be removed by clicking here derekw http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: pls attention : i am mrs munass ambala . i came across your contact details in my despirate search for immediate assistance . i have just arrived at nigeria , thinking of how to settle / start life again because i am just having rest of mind now , since then . after fleeing renewed fighting in sierra - leone . of the 2 , 030 of us who ran from the village , just 78 of us made it across the boarder . i lost my husband and daughter during this flight and i am left with a son . thereis a pain in my heart because i haven ' t see or heard peace in the last 10 years . just bloodshed and sorrow . i wonder if it will ever end . i seek your help in retrieving money belonging to my husband . my late husband , dr . ejiro ambala , was a devoted family man and a very successful diamond / gold trader in the region of bo in sierra - leone . we were a happy family of four ( 4 ) before the beginning of the civil war in 1991 . we were forced to seek refuge in theneigbouring country of benin rep . while the war was going on , so we hid our life savings in the family tomb and fled . we returned when we heard news of a peace treaty signed in 1999 . we were decieved . the war escalated beyond imagination and it was nothing but sorrow , tears and blood the rabels left in its wake . i and my husband sold our remaining cache of diamonds / golds to a lebanese middle man and was paid cash for it . the funds were then shipped out of the country to europe using the " diamond / gold trade route " , which he was very familiar with ( it was how sierra - leone diamonds and golds ends up in capital cities of developed nations ) . we then make plans to move and settle in europe as we were tired of the bloodshed , but unfortunately it was not to be . our village was raided . it was during the operation no living thing embarked upon by the fonday sankoh - led ruf rabel forces that i lost my husband and daughter . now , i and my surviving son have been going through hell while the funds are trapped with a security company in europe . we lost our travelling documents in our haste to escape the fighting and beside we do not have any money on us . all we had was lost in the flight out of the worst fighting areas . what we need now is an individual who have compassion on the poor window of my type and come to her aid by retrieving this funds from the security company by means of claiming / clearing the consignment , this consignment contain the money for security reasons . the funds total at least us $ 38 . 5 million dollars and gb # 7 . 82 million pounds . this money is kept with the security company inform of consignment for security reasons . nobody except me knows about this , i am willing to offer you a commission for your assistance depending on what is agreed upon by both of us . i will like to tell you that 10 % ofeach said mount goes for expenses . all you have to do is , send me your immediate response . all necessary informations and deposite certificate of the security company will be send to you when due , and both ( secret and answers to preset questions ) and location of security company with this , you can claim the money , they ' ve been directed to . if you will be able to assist , kindly let me know immediately by replying me through my e - mail so we can begin procedures at once as my only son is critically ill . you are free to ask questions where you don ' t u nderstand . i eagerly await your favourable response . best regard , mrs munass ambala . email info _ gtfbank @ yahoo . ca 
2	Subject: london research the enron europe research group has experienced rapid growth over the last year as it has become clear that there are tremendous opportunities to utilize their unique quantitative skills in supporting both new and ongoing business efforts in the london offices . because of this , we are appointing a group leader with the view to leveraging the group better across the many business areas in enron europe which are benefiting from research support . effective immediately , steven leppard will take responsibility for spearheading research efforts in london and managing the london based research team . steve joined enron in early 1999 and has distinguished himself through his many contributions including analysis of the " supergoal " scheduling system and development of a diagrammatic approach for real options analysis . he holds a phd . in mathematical physics from kings college london and an honours degree in mathematics from imperial college . steve is also a black - belt level instructor in kungfu . please join us in congratulating steve on his new responsibilities . 
2	Subject: last time you spent $ 25 did u make $ 100 , 000 , s ? well this time you will . wju hello you may have seen this business before and ignored it . i know i did - many times ! however , please take a few moments to read this letter . i was amazed when the profit potential of this business finally sunk in . . . and it works ! with easy - to - use e - mail tools and opt - in e - mail , success in this business is now fast , easy and well within the capabilities of ordinary people who know little about internet marketing . and the earnings potential is truly staggering ! i ' ll make you a promise . read this e - mail to the end ! - follow what it says to the letter - and you will not worry whether a recession is coming or not , who is president , or whether you keep your current job or not . yes , i know what you are thinking . i never responded to one of these before either . one day though , something just said : " you throw away $ 25 . 00 going to a movie for 2 hours with your wife . what the heck . " believe me , no matter where you believe those " feelings " come from , i thank every day that i had that feeling . i cannot imagine where i would be or what i would be doing had i not . read on . it ' s true . every word of it . it is legal . i checked . simply because you are buying and selling something of value . as seen on national tv : making over half a million dollars every 4 to 5 months from your home . thanks to the computer age and the internet ! be an internet millionaire like others within a year ! ! ! before you say " bull " , please read the following . this is the letter you have been hearing about on the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program described below , to see if it really can make people money . the show also investigated whether or not the program was legal . their findings proved once and for all that there are " absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program and if people can ' follow the simple instructions ' they are bound to make some mega bucks with only $ 25 out of pocket cost " . due to the recent increase of popularity & respect this program has attained , it is currently working better than ever . this is what one had to say : " thanks to this profitable opportunity . i was approached many times before but each time i passed on it . i am so glad i finally joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money required . to my astonishment , i received a total $ 610 , 470 . 00 in 21 weeks , with money still coming in . " pam hedland , fort lee , new jersey . another said : " this program has been around for a long time but i never believed in it . but one day when i received this again in the mail i decided to gamble my $ 25 on it . i followed the simple instructions and walaa . . . . . 3 weeks later the money started to come in . first month i only made $ 240 . 00 but the next 2 months after that i made a total of $ 290 , 000 . 00 . so far , in the past 8 months by re - entering the program , i have made over $ 710 , 000 . 00 and i am playing it again . the key to success in this program is to follow the simple steps and not change anything . " more testimonials later but first ,            print this now for your future reference     if you would like to make at least $ 500 , 000 every 4 to 5 months easily and comfortably , please read the following . . . then read it again and again ! ! ! follow the simple instruction below and your financial dreams will come true , guaranteed ! instructions :      order all 5 reports shown on the list below      for each report , send $ 5 cash , the name & number of the report you are ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems .    when you place your order , make sure       you order each of the 5 reports !    you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer and resell them . your total cost $ 5 x 5  $ 25 . 00 . within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the 5 reports from these 5 different individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . also make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in case something happens to your computer . important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report , or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is instructed below in steps 1 through 6 or you will lose out on the majority of your profits . once you understand the way this works , you will also see how it will not work if you change it . remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter it , it will not work ! ! ! people have tried to put their friends ' / relatives ' names on all five thinking they could get all the money . but it does not work this way . believe us , some have tried to be greedy and then nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than what is instructed . because if you do , it will not work for you . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! ! this is a legitimate business . you are offering a product for sale and getting paid for it . treat it as such and you will be very profitable in a short period of time . 1 . . after you have ordered all 5 reports , take this advertisement and remove the name & address of the person in report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their fortune . 2 . . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 . 3 . . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 . 4 . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 . 5 . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2 6 . . . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position . please make sure you copy every name & address accurately ! this is critical to your success . * * * * take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do not make any other changes . save this on a disk as well just in case you lose any data . to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk e - mails legally , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much more . there are 2 primary methods to get this venture going : method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receives only a 0 . 2 % ( 2 / 10 of 1 % ) response ( the response could be much better but let ' s just say it is only 0 . 2 % ) . also many people will send out hundreds of thousands of e - mails instead of only 5 , 000 each . continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response , that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10 people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 . out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with orders . that ' s 100 people who responded and ordered report # 2 . those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 . those 1000 people send 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 5 million e - mails sent out . the 0 . 2 % response is 10 , 000 orders for report # 4 . those 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000 orders for report # 5 . that ' s 100 , 000 orders times $ 5 each  $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( half a million dollars ) . your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . . $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . . grand total  $ 555 , 550 . 00 numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out the worst possible responses and no matter how you calculate it , you will still make a lot of money ! remember friend , this is assuming only 10 people ordering out of 5 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone or half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ? there are over 150 million people on the internet worldwide and counting , with thousands more coming online every day . believe me , many people will do just that , and more ! method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response . we strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you go along . for every $ 5 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it . always provide same day service on all orders . this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out , with your name and address on it , will be prompt because they cannot advertise until they receive the report .            available reports                     the reason for the " cash " is not because this is illegal or somehow " wrong " . it is simply about time . time for checks or credit cards to be cleared or approved , etc . concealing it is simply so no one can see there is money in the envelope and steal it before it gets to you . order each report by its number & name only . notes : always send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper . on one of those sheets of paper , write the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail address and your name and postal address . place your order for these reports now : report # 1 : " the insider ' s guide to advertising for free on the net " order report # : 1 from rui sousa santos p . o . box 132 taylors lakes vic 3038 australia report # 2 : " the insider ' s guide to sending bulk email on the net " order report # 2 from : richard moulton p . o . box 82 hot springs , mt 59845 usa report # 3 : " secret to multilevel marketing on the net " order report # 3 from : j . siden krondikesvägen 54 a 83147 östersund sweden report # 4 : " how to become a millionaire using mlm & the net " order report # 4 from : francis kidd p . o . box 209 homestead , pa 15120 usa report # 5 : " how to send out one million emails for free " order report # 5 from : m . j . lee p . o . box 19 52 victoria drive london swl 9 6 bd united kingdom $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :    if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue sending e - mails until you do .    after you have received 10 orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100 orders or more for report # 2 . if you do not , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do . * * once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are placed in front of a different report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another batch of e - mails and start the whole process again . there is no limit to the income you can generate from this business ! ! ! following is a note from the originator of this program : you have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life , with no risk and just a little bit of effort . you can make more money in the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your name and address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 . . . . . # 5 as instructed above . one of the people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on every one of them . remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach . so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity to become financially independent . it is up to you now !              more testimonials                " my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received this program i grumbled to jody about receiving ' junk mail ' . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i ' knew ' it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old ' i told you so ' on her when the thing didn ' t work . well , the laugh was on me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses . within the next 45 days she had received total $ 147 , 200 . 00 . . . . . . . . . all cash ! i was shocked . i have joined jody in her ' hobby ' . " mitchell wolf m . d . , chicago , illinois " not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative as i am , i decided that the initial investment was so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my money back . i was surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed with orders . i made $ 319 , 210 . 00 in the first 12 weeks . the nice thing about this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return and so big . " dan sondstrom , alberta , canada " i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i should have given it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until i was e - mailed again by someone else . . . . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came again . . . . . . i did not delete this one ! i made more than $ 490 , 000 on my first try and all the money came within 22 weeks . " susan de suza , new york , n . y . " it really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money with little cost to you . i followed the simple instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started to come in . my first month i made $ 20 , in the 2 nd month i made $ 560 . 00 and by the end of the third month my total cash count was $ 362 , 840 . 00 . life is beautiful , thanx to internet . " fred dellaca , westport , new zealand order your reports today and get started on your road to financial freedom ! if you have any questions of the legality of this program , contact the office of associate director for marketing practices , federal trade commission , bureau of consumer protection , washington , d . c . this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . * this message is not intended for residents in the state of washington , virginia or california , screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability . * this is a one time mailing and this list will never be used again .  
2	Subject: lose weight easily ! body bgcolor  8080 ff link  800000 vlink  800000 alink  800000 center table cellpadding  5 trtdtable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # aoa 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # coc 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # fof 0 ffa href  http : / / tangobenoit . 092 . iobsfewd . infoimg / tdtd width  20 td align  center bgcolor  aoa 0 fffont size  5 face  arial color  0000 ffa href  http : / / bachpercy . 092 . iobsfewd . infofont color  black bis this something you avoid ? / b / font / abryou don ' t have to . . . brbrsee what you can do about it . brfont size  3 learn about the new appetite reduction drug meridia a brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr play gretchenpercy october boots cannon chevyjosie jimbo gary abby tintin oatmeal scooterl metallic ladybug hazel jeanettegofish hellol mookie tarzan miranda hazel cookies hornetsymbol t - bone ricky angels chancefireball players electric tootsie impala mishka  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , tomoko  
2	Subject: enrononline weekly public report for october 29 , 2001 the information contained in the weekly public report can be communicated to audiences outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent message to the public . please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone in your group who needs to discuss enrononline with individuals outside the company . this report is not intended to be used as a stand - alone presentation , nor that all the information be used in a single presentation or customer communication . total life to date transactions > 1 , 600 , 000 average daily transactions > 6 , 000 life to date notional value of transactions > $ 880 billion daily notional value approximately $ 2 . 5 billion number of products offered : approximately 2 , 100 number of currencies traded in  15 enrononline version 1 . 0 launch date : november 29 , 1999 enrononline version 2 . 0 launch date : september 18 , 2000 due to size constraints on the outlook system , the public report will no longer be distributed . a complete copy of the report can now be accessed directly through the enrononline intranet site at http : / / eolinfo . enron . com . in order to access this report , click on the link above . once there , follow the link entitled " reports " and then select the " public reports " tab . a dropdown menu will appear with a list of the various public reports available for viewing . . we look forward to your feedback and comments . if you have any questions or experience any difficulties accessing your reports through the intranet site , please feel free to contact either bryan deluca at x 36161 or fraisy george at x 35424 . 
2	Subject: re : cp & l daren : when you get a chance , stop by and we ' ll visit about cp & l . . . if we need to change the rankings we ' ll do it pronto ! ! thanks , chawkins enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 06 / 08 / 2000 08 : 53 am to : charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cp & l charlotte , please verify cp & l back to the first of june . darren told me that it is allocating incorrectly and it is causing part of our ua 4 problem for current month . please check this out asap . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: make thousands just sending emails . it ' s easy . from : @ yahoo . com to : subject : earn money sending e - mails . it ' s easy ! new improved reports dear friend , you can earn a lot of money in the next 90 days sending e - mail . seem impossible ? is there a catch ? no , there is no catch ; just send your e - mails and be on your way to financial freedom . basically , i send out as many of these e - mails as i can , then people send me cash in the mail for information that i just e - mail back to them . everyday , i make a three minute drive to my p . o . box knowing that there are at least a few hundred dollars waiting for me . and the best part , it is completely legal . just read the next few paragraphs and see what you think . if you like what you read , great ! if you don ' t , read it again because you must have missed something . " as seen on national television " " making over a half million dollars every 6 months from your home for an investment of only $ 25 us dollars expense one time . thanks to the computer age and the internet , be a millionaire like others within a year ! ! ! before you say , " no way ! " read the following . this is the letter you ' ve been reading about in the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a major nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of the program described below to see if it really can make people money . the show also investigated whether or not the program was legal . their findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in this program . this has helped to show people that this is a simple , harmless , and fun way to make some extra money at home . and , besides even if you never got involved in the program , the reports themselves are well worth the money . they can help you start and advertise any business on the internet . that is , these reports stand alone and are beneficial to anyone wishing to do business on the internet . the results of this show have been truly remarkable . so many people are participating that those involved are doing much better than ever before . since everyone makes more as more people try it out , its been very exciting to be a part of it lately . you will understand once you experience it . " here it is below " * * * print this now for future reference * * * the following income opportunity is one you may be interested in taking a look at . it can be started with very little investment ( $ 25 ) and the income return is tremendous ! ! ! this is a legitimate , legal , money making opportunity . it does not require you to come into contact with people , do any hard work , and best of all , you never have to leave your house except to get the mail . simply follow the instructions , and you really can make this happen . this e - mail order marketing program works every time if you put in the effort to make it work . e - mail is the sales tool of the future . take advantage of this non - commercialized method of advertising now ! the longer you wait , the more savvy people will be taking your business using e - mail . get what is rightfully yours . program yourself for success and dare to think big . it sounds corny , but it ' s true . you ' ll never make it big if you don ' t have this belief system in place . multi - level marketing ( mlm ) has finally gained respectability . it is being taught in the harvard business school , and both stanford research and the wall street journal have stated that between 50 % and 65 % of all goods and services will be sold through multi - level methods . this is a multi - billion dollar industry and of the 500 , 000 millionaires in the u . s . , 20 % ( 100 , 000 ) made their fortune in the last several years in mlm . moreover , statistics show 45 people become millionaires everyday through multi - level marketing . you may have heard this story before , but donald trump made an appearance on the david letterman show . dave asked him what he would do if he lost everything and had to start over from scratch . without hesitating trump said he would find a good network marketing company and get to work . the audience , started to hoot and boo him . he looked out at the audience and dead - panned his response . " that ' s why i ' m sitting up here and you are all sitting out there ! " with network marketing you have two sources of income . direct commissions from sales you make yourself and commissions from sales made by people you introduce to the business . residual income is the secret of the wealthy . it means investing time and money once , and getting paid again and again and again . in network marketing , it also means getting paid for the work of others . the enclosed information is something i almost let slip through my fingers . fortunately , sometime later i reread everything and gave some thought and study to it . my name is jonathan rourke . two years ago , the corporation i worked at for the past twelve years down - sized and my position was eliminated . after unproductive job interviews , i decided to open my own business . over the past year , i incurred many unforeseen financial problems . i owed my family , friends and creditors over $ 35 , 000 . the economy was taking a toll on my business and i just couldn ' t seem to make ends meet . i had to refinance and borrow against my home to support my family and struggling business . at that moment something significant happened in my life and i am writing to share that experience in hopes that this will change your life forever financially ! ! ! in mid december , i received this program via e - mail . six month ' s prior to receiving this program , i had been sending away for information on various business opportunities . all of the programs i received , in my opinion were not cost effective . they were either too difficult for me to comprehend or the initial investment was too much for me to risk to see if they would work or not . one claimed that i would make a million dollars in one year . it didn ' t tell me i ' d have to write a book to make it ! but like i was saying , in december i received this program . i didn ' t send for it , or ask for it ; they just got my name off a mailing list . thank goodness for that ! ! ! after reading it several times , to make sure i was reading it correctly , i couldn ' t believe my eyes . here was a money making phenomenon . i could invest as much as i wanted to start without putting me further into debt . after i got a pencil and paper and figured it out , i would at least get my money back . but like most of you i was still a little skeptical and a little worried about the legal aspects of it all . so i checked it out with the u . s . post office ( 1 - 800 - 725 - 2161 24 hrs ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal ! after determining the program was legal and not a chain letter , i decided " why not . " initially i sent out 10 , 000 e - mails . it cost me about $ 15 for my time on - line . the great thing about e - mail is that i don ' t need any money for printing to send out the program , and because all of my orders are filled via e - mail , the only expense is my time . i am telling you like it is . i hope it doesn ' t turn you off , but i promised myself that i would not ' rip - off " anyone , no matter how much money it cost me . here is the basic version of what you need to do : your first goal is to receive at least 20 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks of your first program going out . if you don ' t , send out more programs until you do . your second goal is to receive at least 150 + orders for report # 2 within 4 weeks . if not , send out more programs until you do . once you have your 150 orders , relax , you ' ve met your goal . you will make $ 50 , 000 + but keep at it ! if you don ' t get 150 right off , keep at it ! it may take some time for your down line to build . keep at it , stay focused , and do not let yourself get distracted . in less than one week , i was starting to receive orders for report # 1 . i kept at it - kept mailing out the program and by january 13 , 1 had received 26 orders for report # 1 . my first step in making $ 50 , 000 in 90 days was done . by january 30 , 1 had received 196 orders for report # 2 ; 46 more than i needed . so i sat back and relaxed . by march 1 , of my e - mailing of 10 , 000 , i received $ 58 , 000 with more coming in every day . i paid off all my debts and bought a much needed new car . please take time to read the attached program , it will change your life forever ! ! remember , it won ' t work if you don ' t try it . this program does work , but you must follow it exactly ! especially the rules of not trying to place your name in a different place . it won ' t work , you ' ll lose out on a lot of money ! in order for this program to work very fast , try to meet your goal of 20 + orders for report # 1 , and 150 + orders for report # 2 and you will make $ 50 , 000 or more in 90 days . if you don ' t reach the first two goals with in four weeks , relax , you will still make a ton of money , it may take a few months or so longer . but keep mailing out the programs and stay focused ! that ' s the key . i am living proof that it works ! ! ! if you choose not to participate in this program , i am sorry . it really is a great opportunity with little cost or risk to you . if you choose to participate , follow the program and you will be on your way to financial security . if you are a fellow business owner and are in financial trouble like i was , or you want to start your own business , consider this a sign . i did ! - sincerely , jonathan rourke p . s . do you have any idea what 11 , 700 $ 5 bills ( $ 58 , 000 ) look like piled up on a kitchen table ? it ' s awesome ! a personal note from the originator of this program : by the time you have read the enclosed program and reports , you should have concluded that such a program , and one that is legal , could not have been created by an amateur . let me tell you a little about myself . i had a profitable business for 10 years . then in 1979 my business began falling off . i was doing the same things that were previously successful for me , but it wasn ' t working . finally , i figured it out . it wasn ' t me ; it was the economy . inflation and recession had replaced the stable economy that had been with us since 1945 . i don ' t have to tell you what happened to the unemployment rate . . . because many of you know from first hand experience . there were more failures and bankruptcies than ever before . the middle class was vanishing . those who knew what they were doing invested wisely and moved up . those who did not including those who never had anything to save or invest were moving down into the ranks of the poor . as the saying goes , ' the rich get richer and the poor get poorer . " the traditional methods of making money will never allow you to " move up " or " get rich " . inflation will see to that . you have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life , with " no risk " and " just a little bit of effort . " you can make more money in the next few months than you have ever imagined . follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report to everyone you can think of . one of the people you send this to may send out 50 , 000 . . . and your name will be on everyone of them ! remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach . so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity to become financially independent . it is up to you now ! " think about it . " before you delete this program from your mailbox , as i almost did , take a little time to read it and really think about it . get a pencil and figure out what could happen when you participate . figure out the worst possible response and no matter how you calculate it , you will still make a lot of money ! you will definitely get back what you invested . any doubts you have will vanish when your first orders come in . it works ! - jody jacobs , richmond , va here ' s how this amazing program will make you thousands of dollar $ this method of raising capital really works 100 % every time . i am sure that you could use up to $ 50 , 000 or more in the next 90 days . before you say " no way ! " please read this program carefully . this is not a chain letter , but a perfectly legal money making opportunity . basically , this is what you do : as with all multilevel businesses , we - build our business by recruiting new partners and selling our products . every state in the usa allows you to recruit new multilevel business partners , and we offer a product for every dollar sent . your orders come by mail and are filled by e - mail , so you are not involved in personal selling . you do it privately in your own home , store , or office . this is the greatest multi - level mail order marketing anywhere : this is what you must do . 1 . order all 5 reports shown on the list below ( you can ' t sell them if you don ' t have them ) . * for each report , send $ 5 . 00 cash , the name & number of the report you are ordering , your e - mail address , and your name & return address ( in case of a problem ) . * make sure your return address is on your envelope - in case of any mail problems ! * when you place your order , make sure you order each of the five reports . you need all five reports so that you can save them on your computer and resell them . * within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the five reports . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . 2 . important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report , or their order on the list in any way other than as instructed below in steps " a " through ' g " or you will lose out on the majority of your profits . once you understand the way this works you ' ll also see how it doesn ' t work if you change it . remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter it , it will not work . a . look below for the listing of available reports . b . after you ' ve ordered the . five reports , take this advertisement and remove the name and address under report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their $ 50 , 000 ! c . move the name and address under report # 4 down to report # 5 . d . move the name and address under report # 3 down to report # 4 . e . move the name and address under report # 2 down to report # 3 f . move the name and address under report # 1 down to report # 2 . g . insert your name and address in the report # 1 position . please make sure you copy every name and address accurately ! copy and paste method works well , . 3 . take this entire letter , including the modified list of names , and save it to your computer . make no changes to the instruction portion of this letter . your cost to participate in this is practically nothing ( surely you can afford $ 25 ) . you obviously already have an internet connection and e - mail is free ! to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk e - mails , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much , much more . here are two primary methods of building your downline : method # 1 : sending bulk e - mail let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we ' ll assume you and all those involved send out only 2 , 000 programs each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receives a 0 . 5 % response . using a good list , the response could be much better . also , many people will send out hundreds of thousands of programs instead of 2 , 000 . but continuing with this example , you send out only 2 , 000 programs . with a 0 . 5 % response , that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10 people respond by sending out 2 , 000 programs each for a total of 20 , 000 . out of those 0 . 5 % , 100 people respond and order report # 2 . those 100 mail out 2 , 000 programs each for a total of 200 , 000 . the 0 . 5 % response to that is 1 , 000 orders for report # 3 . those 1 , 000 send out 2 , 000 programs each for a 2 , 000 , 000 total . the 0 . 5 % response to that is i 0 , 000 orders for report # 4 . that amounts to 10 , 000 each of $ 5 bills for you in cash money ! then think about level five ! that ' s $ 500 , 000 alone ! your total income in this example is $ 50 + $ 500 + $ 5 , 000 + $ 50 , 000 + $ 500 , 000 for a total of $ 555 , 550 ! ! ! remember friend , this is assuming 1 , 990 out of the 2 , 000 people you mail to will do absolutely nothing and trash this program ! dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone , or half sent out 100 , 000 programs instead of 2 , 000 . believe me , many people will do just that and more ! report # 2 will show you the best methods for bulk e - mailing , and e - mail software . method # 2 - placing free ads on the internet 1 . advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive , and there are hundreds of free places to advertise . let ' s say you decide to start small just to see how well it works . assume your goal is to get only 10 people to participate on your first level . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response . also assume that everyone else in your organization gets only 10 downline members . follow this example to achieve the staggering results below : lst level - your 10 members with $ 5 . . . . . . . $ 50 2 nd level - 10 members from those 10 ( $ 5 x 100 ) . . . . . . . $ 500 3 rd level - 10 members from those 100 ( $ 5 x 1 , 000 ) . . . . . . . $ 5 , 000 4 th level - 10 members from those 1 , 000 ( $ 5 x 10 k ) . . . . . . . $ 50 , 000 5 th level - 10 members from those 10 , 000 ( $ 5 x 100 k ) . . . . . . . $ 500 , 000 this totals - $ 555 , 550 remember friends , this assumes that the people who participate only recruit 10 people each . think for a moment what would happen if they got 20 people to participate ! most people get 100 ' s of participants . think about it ! for every $ 5 . 00 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it ! always provide same - day service on all orders ! this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out with your name and address on it will be prompt because they can ' t advertise until they receive the report ! available reports * * * order each report by number , and name * * * * always send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not accepted * - always send your order via first class mail - make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least two sheets of paper ( so that the bill can ' t be seen against light ) on one of those sheets of paper include : ( a ) the number & name of the report you are ordering , ( b ) your e - mail address , and ( c ) your name & postal address ( in case your e - mail provider encounters problems ) . place your order for these reports now : report # 1 " the insiders guide to advertizing for free on the internet " order report # 1 from : randy dillard p . o . box 8 osprey , fl 34229 usa report # 2 " the insiders guide to sending bulk email on the internet " order report # 2 from : carla brown p . o . box 39093 sarasota , fl 34238 usa report # 3 " the secrets to multilevel marketing on the internet " order report # 3 from : glynn schmidt p . o . box 19424 sarasota , fl 34276 usa report # 4 ' how to become a millionaire utilizing the power of multilevel marketing and the internet " order report # 4 from : christin joy cpo 2398 501 e . college avenue wheaton , il 60187 usa report # 5 " how to send one million e - mails for free . " order report # 5 from : cheri gerhart 81719 lido avenue indio , ca 92201 usa about 50 , 000 new people get online every month ! * * * * * * * tips for success * * * * * * * * treat this as your business ! be prompt , professional , and follow the directions accurately . * send for the five reports immediately so you will have them when the orders start coming in . when you receive a $ 5 order , you must send out the requested product / report . * always provide same - day service on the orders you receive . * be patient and persistent with this program . if you follow the instructions exactly , your results will be successful ! * above all , have faith in yourself and know you will succeed ! * * * * * * * your success guidelines * * * * * * * follow these guidelines to guarantee your success : start posting ads as soon as you mail off for the reports ! by the time you start receiving orders , your reports will be in your mailbox ! for now , something simple , such as posting on message boards something to the effect of " would you like to know how to earn $ 50 , 000 working out of your house with no initial investment ? email me with the keywords " more info " to find out how . and , when they email you , send them this report in response ! if you don ' t receive 20 orders for report # 1 within two weeks , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do . then , a couple of weeks later you should receive at least 100 orders for report # 2 . if you don ' t , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do . once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list you are placed in front of a different report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income , send another batch of e - mails or continue placing ads and start the whole process again ! there is no limit to the income you will generate from this business ! before you make your decision as to whether or not you participate in this program , answer one question . . . do you want to change your life ? if the answer is yes , please look at the following facts about this program : 1 . you are selling a product which does not cost anything to produce ! 2 . you are selling a product which does not cost anything to ship ! 3 . you are selling a product which does not cost you anything to advertise ! 4 . you are utilizing the power of the internet and the power of multi - level marketing to distribute your product all over the world ! 5 . your only expenses other than your initial $ 25 investment is your time ! 6 . virtually all of the income you generate from this program is pure profit ! 7 . this program will change your life forever . * * * * * * * testimonials * * * * * * * this program does work , but you must follow it exactly ! especially the rule of not trying to place your name in a different position , it won ' t work and you ' ll lose a lot of potential income . i ' m living proof that it works . it really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money , with little cost to you . if you do choose to participate , follow the program exactly , and you ' ll be on your way to financial security . - steven bardfield , portland , or my name is mitchell . my wife , jody , and i live in chicago , il . i am a cost accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received the program i grumbled to jody about receiving " junk mail . " i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i ' knew ' it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed intelligence and jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old ' i told you so ' on her when the thing didn ' t work . . . well , the laugh was on me ! within two weeks she had received over 50 responses . within 45 days she had received over $ 147 , 200 in $ 5 bills ! i was shocked ! i was sure that i had it all figured and that it wouldn ' t work . i am a believer now . i have joined jody in her " hobby . " i did have seven more years until retirement , but i think of the ' rat race , ' and it ' s not for me . we owe it all to mlm . - mitchell wolf md . , chicago , il . the . main reason for this letter is to convince you that this system is honest , lawful , extremely profitable , and is a way to get a large amount of money in a short time . i was approached several times before 1 checked this out . i joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money required . to my astonishment i received $ 36 , 470 . 00 in the first 14 weeks , with money still coming in . - charles morris , esq . not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative that i am , i decided that the initial investment was so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my money back . boy , was i surprised when i found my medium - size post office box crammed with orders ! for awhile , it got so overloaded that i had to start picking up my mail at the window . i ' ll make more money this year than any 10 years of my life before . the nice thing about this deal is that it doesn ' t matter where people live . there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return . - paige willis , des moines , ia i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i shouldn ' t have given it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until i was e - mailed another program . . . 11 months passed then it came . . . i didn ' t delete this one ! . . . i made . more than $ 41 , 000 on the first try ! ! - violet wilson , johnstown , pa this is my third time to participate in this plan . we have quit our jobs , and will soon buy a home on the beach and live off the interest on our money . the only way on earth that this plan will work for you is if you do it . for your sake , and for your family ' s sake don ' t pass up this golden opportunity . good luck and happy spending ! - kerry ford , centerport , ny it is up to you now ! take 5 minutes to change your future ! order your reports today and get started on your road to financial freedom ! for your information : if you need help with starting a business , registering a business name , learning how income tax is handled , etc . , contact your local office of the small business administration ( a federal agency ) 1 ( 800 ) 827 - 5722 for free help and answers to questions . also , the internal revenue service offers free help via telephone and free seminars about business tax requirements . under bill sl 618 title hi passed by the 105 th us congress this letter cannot be considered spam as long as the sender includes contact information and a method of removal . this is a one time e - mail transmission . no request for removal is necessary to remove ( even though this is not necessary ) press  @ yahoo . com stop ! if you never read another e - mail please take a moment to read this one . this really is worth your valuable time . even if you never got involved in the program , the reports themselves are well worth the money . they can help you start and advertise any business on the internet . that is , these reports stand alone and are beneficial to anyone wishing to do business on the internet . at the very least print this out now to read later if you are pressed for time . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: energy leader consulting generation evaluator ( ege ) shirley : as requested , herein is information regarding the meeting with vince kaminski . the presentation on the ege tool ' s applications and the allegheny energy case study is timed to take an hour . if the meeting is most conveniently scheduled for tuesday , may 29 , might i request it be set for late afternoon ( as my other appointments are the next day ) . and , as vince will recall , i was co - leader of the energy consulting business of phb hagler bailly , and developer of the ramp up , real time , 75 check and electric strategy tools . presently , i am ceo of energy leader consulting ( elc ) . background the u . s . power generation industry has become increasingly efficient in recent years . rapidly growing new entrants seek profit maximization aggressively . utilities , who still control most power plants , endeavor to adopt the entrants ' methods . yet , inefficiency among many utilities remains widespread . utility inefficiency arises from adherence to decades - old habits and in unit commitment and dispatch and planned maintenance scheduling . many utilities , notwithstanding the industry - wide trend towards profit maximization , cling to ingrained routines . inefficiency can also arise from the diseconomies of small scale . a utility may operate a relatively small system ( fewer than a dozen plants ) . a small system lacks portfolio diversification and perspective in its focus on its regulated customers , playing the wholesale market at the margin . for a variety of reasons , utilities are reluctant to cut back the starts of their generating units , let alone shut down any ( even temporarily or seasonally ) . economically inefficient units continue to be committed , week after week , and run in the half - load range . ege objectives ege identifies and assesses generating units of a utility with questionable commitment routines . taking into account transmission and reliability factors , the procedure points towards profit opportunities that may be exploited by another industry participant . i . an industry participant can use ege as a basis for a medium or long - term wholesale power transaction with a utility ; or to price wholesale power more aggressively , to take market share from the utility ( i . e . , compel changes in unit commitment habits ) . ii . an industry participant can use ege to spot and quantify efficiencies that would come from a merger or acquisition . iii . a power plant developer can use ege to estimate the incremental value a new plant will enjoy when the target utility ' s unit commitment routines inevitably become rationalized . specific ege concepts ege reduces and analyses the extraordinary but unwieldy continuous emission monitoring data base intelligently focusing on profit opportunities . it produces indicative statistics such as : a . the frequency distribution of starts per week ; b . the frequency distribution of starts by day / 15 - minute segment during the week ; c . the frequency distribution of load level ; d . the frequency distribution of hours of operation per start ; e . average heat rate and approximate fully - allocated cost in the half - load range ; f . average ramp rate from the half - load range ; g . the frequency distribution of unused connected capacity during the highest demand hours ; and h . forced - off maintenance outage rate ( where indicated ) . indicative statistics are generally aggregated by month / year ; in some cases , by temperature range . ( they can be by regional wholesale prices as well . ) ege establishes if the target utility has changed unit commitment routines significantly in recent years . ege is based upon uniquely timely actual hourly operating data . ege is now updated for the 4 th quarter 2000 ( through december 31 , 2000 ) . ege lst quarter 2000 ( through march 31 , 2001 ) will be available approximately june 15 , 2001 . ege also compares and ranks generating units ' commitment and dispatch with that of similar units operated by the target utility ( as well as other regional generators ) . some utilities operate a group of economically marginal units at the half - load level for lengthy time periods ( without an apparent reliability basis ) , splitting the limited economic demand for power among the units . other ege supporting data : i . planned maintenance schedule ( where indicated ) ; j . actual maximum generating capacity ; k . actual minimum generating capacity ( actual maximums and minimums can differ significantly from government - reported values ) ; l . average heat rate in the full - load range ; and m . average heat rate in the three - quarter - load range . with respect to a generating units ' average heat rate in the half - load , three - quarter - load and full - load ranges , it can be instructive to rank these relative to similar generating units within a region . it can also be of interest to identify significant seasonal variations in average heat rates and maximum capacities , and changes in recent years in these parameters . the real - world example of allegheny energy allegheny energy can serve as a case study to illustrate the application of ege . in the 4 th quarter 2000 , for instance , one high - cost generating unit was started virtually every weekday morning ( 52 times ) and committed for the whole day ( in all but two cases ) . arguably , there are power products that could substitute for this routine ( in part at least ) at a profit to the seller of the product and allegheny energy . another high - cost allegheny energy generating unit was started virtually every weekend during the autumn ( nine times ) and committed for most of the coming week . at another plant , two high - cost units were operated too often in the expensive half - load range ( some 550 hours ) and three - quarter - load range ( another 400 to 600 hours ) ; they were seldom called upon to run at higher levels . again , there are power products that that address these practices and might appeal to allegheny energy . offering of energy leader consulting ( elc ) ege is a procedure , not a software package or data base . elc believes this format is more effective in arming clients with the information they need to act upon profit opportunities . elc transfers its " knowledge " about the ege procedure and the supporting data methods in a straight - forward four - step process : 1 . enron would select one to three target utilities . 2 . elc would perform the ege procedure on the target utilities . 3 . employing this real - world analysis as a pedagogic tool , elc , in a one - day seminar with enron personnel , would instruct how to perform the procedure in the future ( without the assistance of elc ) . 4 . optionally , elc would provide ege supporting data , quarterly , to enron . the basic ege supporting data set is national including all generating units under the continuous emission monitoring program ( virtually all fossil fuel units ) . parameters that are incorporated , and the data set format , will be specified upon request . custom modifications will be considered . steven a . mitnick chief executive officer energy leader consulting 4807 41 st street , nw washington , dc 20016 ( 202 ) 997 - 0924 voice ( 202 ) 537 - 0906 fax smitnick @ energyleader . com 
2	Subject: north central oil corp . - 2 / 01 vance , the following deals changed effective 2 / 1 / 01 : deal # meter # trade zone original volume revised volume price 138550 98 - 0071 8 15 , 000 0 100 % ifhsc less $ 0 . 05 597360 98 - 6296 1 0 15 , 000 98 % ifhsc less $ 0 . 05 bob 
2	Subject: 77 % off for all new software . manes pion every point better . she , school felt never my came . clear notice farm . ago , mountain mountain . idea show and pose , doctor divide long . as word thought . about , pass how rest sing , since . temperature blow reach . company should low blow brother . pose , miss good most listen age suit . also differ gold drive four . example dog blow .  
2	Subject: fw : txu gas distribution wallumrod , ellen subject : txu gas distribution & enbridge consumers gas rich & ellen : we have some problems with the following two counterparties : txu gas distribution & enbridge consumers gas . for txu gas distribution , this is a unconsolidated division of txu gas company and all deals booked under txu gas distribution should be confirmed as txu gas company . i understand this is not the case . for enbridge consumers gas , this is not a valid entity . at some point it will be a correct name , but for now deals should be confirmed and booked under consumers gas co . ltd . each has a relatively recent deal booked to it that need to be changed as described above : sitara 1085609 for txu and 1086002 for enbridge consumers gas . please advise if there is something i need to do from my end to get this issue resolved . thanks , max sonnonstine x 58261 
2	Subject: temporary spaces in new building i think it would be a great idea if we could get a few extra spaces for it support in the new building . we would need five spots . two for enpower ( one for risk , and one for volume mangement and confirms ) two for unify ( one for logistics and one for edi ) one for gas risk i won ' t make requests for specific personnel ( yet ) just not the most junior personnel . let me know if you need anything else . thanks bob 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012021 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: lucky summit online casino opens on schedule with summit radio not far behind otcpk : setg 05 . 03 . 05 volume # 210 luckysummit . com lucky summit online casino opens on schedule with summit radio not far behind were you aware that over 70 % of all internet users in the usa have made purchases as a result of online marketing ? that ' s because online marketing advertising works ! if you are looking for an effective way to market your products or services online , bulk online marketing is the method of choice for the most successful online or land based businesses . however , there is a right way and a wrong way to market your business or organization via internet . the industry : gambling in america has deep cultural roots and exists today as a widely available and socially accepted recreational activity . over 80 percent of american adults now report having gambled sometime during their lifetime - on casino games , lotterie , sports betting , horse racing and off - track betting , and other gambling activities . it is estimated that in 1997 they collectively wagered more than $ 551 billion . this market has increased the intensity of competition for gambling among state - sponsored lotteries and commercial gambling enterprises , leading to legalization in some states in which gambling had previously been voted down . presently , gambling in some form is legal in all but 3 states , casinos or casino - style games are available in 21 states , and 37 states have lotteries . john d . jarvis , president of summit entertainment , stated , " party poker is a perfect example of the growth in online poker . this site started in 2001 and in the last 12 months has increased its membership base by nearly 5000 per cent , establishing itself as one of the biggest and most profitable sites on the net . party poker is expected to float next year for around 5 billion usd . " he concluded , " i know that our software can compete with party poker ' s , i also believe that these numbers are obtainable by lucky summit ' s online casino if our summit media services , ( sms ) http : / / media . summitentgroup . com , division dedicates themselves to the same kind of success in promotion that party poker has accomplished . " disclaimer : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcaps , today ' s featured company has factors that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . furthermore , the company has a large accumulated deficit since its inception and a substantial negative net worth . an investment in today ' s featured company is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . summit media advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . the publisher of summit media is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . all information within this email is qualified in its entirety by the detailed information and financial statements of the featured company contained in its regulatory filings with the sec . end - users are responsible for verifying all claims and conducting their own due diligence . any reference to past performance of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . past performance is never indicative of future results . this email message may contain references or links to web sites operated by third parties . such references or links are provided for the reader ' s reference and convenience only . we are not responsible for the reliability of these external sites nor are we responsible for any of the contents , advertising , products , or other materials on such external sites . our inclusion of references or links to such web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such web sites or any association with their operators . under no circumstances shall we be held responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused in connection with the use of or reliance on any content , goods , or services available on such external site . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , summit media expects to receive ( no ) dollars from a third party not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings and company press releases and provided to summit media by a third party not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder . summit media believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . all information provided regarding the companies featured on this web site comes from the companies themselves , sec filings , news releases , company web sites as well as other sources of publicly available information . the profiles of companies are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell , or hold these or any other securities . summit media services http : / / media . summitentgroup . com - 14435 fm 2920 - tomball , tx 77377 summit entertainment group 14435 fm 2920 tombal , tx 77377 
2	Subject: who doesnt like to save money ? prescription drug prices so low , you will flip ! http : / / goget . com / ? blingsoft  
2	Subject: transwestern weekly report for the week august 28 - september 1 : transwestern ' s weekly average deliveries to california were 1 , 062 mmcf / d while east deliveries averaged 429 mmcf / d . san juan lateral averaged 828 mmcf / d while receipts from rio puerco averaged 75 mmcf / d . mojave deliveries averaged a range of 55 - 110 mmcf / d throughout the week . by friday , window rock receipts were 0 mmcf / d . by friday , el paso deliveries to california increased to a 68 % throughput level of 1 , 950 mmcf / d . : - pg & etop ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 367 mmcf / d - socalehr ( capacity 1 , 230 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 1 , 045 mmcf / d - socaltop ( capacity 5400 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 538 mmcf / d other pipeline throughput : - pgt ( capacity 1 , 937 mmcf / d ) throughput to california averaged 1 , 881 mmc / d - kern river ( capacity 700 ) throughput to california averaged 367 mmcf / d . friday enron online basis numbers : permian to california basis for oct has decreased from monday by 1 . 30 while novo 0 - march ' 01 and april - oct have decrease by . 43 and . 37 respectively . oct . nov 00 - march ' 01 april - oct ' 01 perm - ca 1 . 08 . 60 . 67 sj - ca 1 . 84 . 85 1 . 62 sj - waha . 82 . 30 . 40 perm - waha . 07 . 055 . 07 
2	Subject: fw : sid richardson blk 16 fuel i have set up poi 78269 for this fuel delivery . i need someone to provide the following information in order to complete setup of the poi . is the west texas supply basin correct ? is the east of thoreau area correct ? should the point have gri yes or no ? what is the lateral id to be used ? what is the marketing lateral id to be used ? thanks karen - - - - - original message - - - - - from : frazier , perry sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 2 : 30 pm to : brostad , karen subject : sid richardson blk 16 fuel attached is a gscr . 
2	Subject: a smart move to help u last until 36 hours read below ! ready for romance in just 15 minz lncreased s . ex drive bo 0 st se - xual p ! erformance ful 1 er and h ! ard ! er erectio , ns lncreased s ! tamina end ! urance qu ! cker rec ! harges , less s ! ide aff ! ects discreet online ord , ering - dhl express delivery special ends so 0 n . . . or , der here http : / / bw 5 r 5 . untyred . net / cs / ? unxx bye janet mobley  
2	Subject: abb turbines - status re resolving the transfer issues louise , we received your note of july 2 . rather than forcing you into the role of arbitrator at the outset , we decided to try to resolve the turbine transfer issues with chris calger first . accordingly we had forwarded a proposal to chris on friday , and together with chris we worked out a revised proposal yesterday , incorporating some of the concepts in your note . chris will be reviewing the revised proposal with ben tomorrow to get his input , and chris planned to touch base with you afterwards . 
2	Subject: order rolex or other swiss watches online heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / mecei . com / rep / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / www . mecei . com / z . php 
2	Subject: mr . cole cuts your monthly payments hello , i sent you an email recently and i ' d like to confirm everything now . please read the info below and let me know if you have any questions . we are accepting your m ortgage qualifications . if you have bad cr edit , it ' s ok . you can get a $ 200 , 000 loan for a $ 525 per month payment . approval process will only take 1 minute . just visit the link below and fill out this quick and easy form . http : / / gffefv . net / azebu thank you for your time , sincere regards , manager : bryon deleon first national bank 5124 first street jacksonville , fla . multinomial 218 coffeecup demurred lettermen , 66276367 countervail herpetology 5 iterate milwaukee , wis . summary . springtime conferring disneyland bryon deleon jeres antonym 1768141572 appearance . 
2	Subject: agent required . . . . . . . . . . . . dear sir / madam , i am mr . liu peijin , managinig hubei machinery & equipment import & export corporation ( cmec hubei co . ) we are a company who deal on mechanical equipment , hardware and minerals , electrical products , medical & chemicals , light industrial products and office equipment , and export into the canada / america and europe . we are searching for representatives who can help us establish a medium of getting to our ostumers in the canada / america and europe as well as making payments through you to us . please if you are interested in transacting business with us we will be glad . please contact us for more information , subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity to negotiate your mode of which we will pay for your services as our representative in canada / america and europe . please if you are interested forward to us your phone number / fax and your full contact addresses . thanks in advance mr . liu peijin managing director cmec hubei co . http : / / ishim . info 
2	Subject: fly macromedia . xp pro ( sp 2 ) , adobe photoshop , ms office 2 oo 3 ; acrobat , norton raise find companion here profession parents drew ? most popular softwwares start from $ 20 vf windows xp pro ( sp 2 ) microsoft office 2003 system pro ( 5 cds ) adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 ogt adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional autocad 2005 dmd symantec norton systemworks dvdxcopy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 quickbooks 2004 premier edition macromedia studio mx 2004 microsoft office system professional 2003 norton antivirus 2005 adobe pagemaker 7 . 01 beingpromised order ur softwares here different turning steps already development , disappoint mentioned slow raise . tying least make back find he .  
2	Subject: get your bachelors degree in 30 days ! q hxthznnnl wait for image to load . . . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123007 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for february 2001 attached is the february 2001 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel company ( previously tufco ) and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: your next investment should be this sto - ck pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major media conglomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , pubiishing and technoiogy companies . current price : o . 025 wiil it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wiil acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s whoily owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when completed , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to complete and execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek shareholder approva | immediateiy thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this alliance wil | allow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create while embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major labels ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abels that cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miilion selling recordings , but who consistentiy reiease albums which sell hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loya | fan base ; artists that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miilion per titie , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additiona | | y , the acquisition of vdg wi | | provide us with the ability to distribute our own product directly to retai | to over 22 , 0 oo retai | location in north america , effectively doubling the company ' s net profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow concluded , " whiie there are smailer | abeis that do provide a home for these acts , they | ack either the wiil or financial resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in deveiopment , production and distribution of entertainment - reiated media for film , teievision , music and publishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currentiy includes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar classica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 3 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , springmorqan _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: [ adult ] - chat / dating / profiles do you swing ? . . well these couples do ! , find in your area , don ' t go to far ! . . cheating wives , we have them , with updated profiles . http : / / sjnb . moew . info take out http : / / cnie . moew . info / 1  
2	Subject: kaf storage project as requested , this is the summary of what we have discussed regarding kaf deal . scenario 1 : hpl nominates 6 , 200 mmbtu / day , apr ' 02 - may ' 02 , ( 409 , 000 mmbtu total ) of their south texas production into the kathleen anne field in wilson county , tx . and enron replaces this same volume in the location of their choice . scenario 2 : scenario 1 plus ena sells hpl 500 , 000 mmbtu of storage service with an injection rate of approximately 15 , 000 mmbtu / day and a withdraw rate of 37 , 500 mmbtu / day to help them serve the swing on the tuffco contract . notes : the field is not yet connected to hpl , but will be . thanks for your help . george huan gas structuring 
2	Subject: seminario - taller \ " valoracion de empresas \ " saludos si usted no puede ver este mensaje descarguelo en formato pdf . . . justificacion el ejercicio de valoracin de una empresa no solamente se realiza porque de por medio est en curso una posible transaccin de compra o de venta . existen otros motivos por los que es importante valorar la empresa . entre estos estn el diseo de modelos de compensacin variable basados en creacin de valor , la identificacin de inductores de valor con el fin de direccionar la toma de decisiones , el apoyo al proceso de planeacin estratgica con el fin de decidir , por ejemplo , qu lneas de negocios mantener o abandonar , cul debera ser la estrategia de crecimiento , etc . la formalizacin de protocolos de familia en los que es crucial dejar en claro ciertas condiciones de negociacin en caso que algn miembro desee retirarse . este seminario de un da tiene como propsito proveer a los participantes los conceptos bsicos de la valoracin de una empresa a travs de un ejercicio ilustrativo , con el fin de que puedan aplicar las tcnicas all aprendidas en el proceso de planeacin financiera de largo plazo en sus empresas . contenido proceso de valoracion de una empresa modelo general - teora y principios de la valoracin de empresas - metodologas para la valoracin - mtodo de flujo de caja descontado pasos para la valoracion - proyeccin de resultados - elaboracin del flujo de caja libre - estimacin del valor de continuidad . - anlisis de los diferentes mtodos . - estimacin del costo de capital . rolling wacc - anlisis de resultados y conclusiones - ejercicio ilustrativo conferencista : dr . oscar len garcia mba arthur d . little , school of management , cambridge , usa , administrador de empresas y especialista en finanzas universidad eafit , autor de los textos “ administracin financiera - fundamentos y aplicaciones ” y “ gerencia del valor , valoracin de empresas y eva ” , consultor empresarial especializado en valoracin de empresas y gerencia del valor . inversion afiliados $ 290 . 000 + iva no afiliados $ 460 . 000 + iva egresados de economia uao : $ 437 . 000 + iva incluye : almuerzo , refrigerios y certificado de asistencia . lugar , fecha y horario cali , club colombia , agosto 11 de 2005 horario : jueves de 8 : 00 am a 6 : 00 pm favor consignar en conavi cuenta de ahorros # 3041 - 11576510 a nombre de acef - valle nit : 800 . 133 . 689 - 7 informes e inscripciones edificio nucleo profesional - avenida 5 a norte no . 17 - 98 oficina 701 tels : ( 57 2 ) 6603323 - 6666978 - 6607195 fax : 6536090 . acef @ acef . com . co www . acef . com . co acef bogot telfonos : 2130903 - 6203339 - 6203543 fax : 2130909 acefbogota @ cable . net . co acef antioquia - medellin telfonos : 3331079 - 3323026 - 3335059 acef @ epm . net . co inscribase ya : nombre : cargo : empresa : email : direccion : ciudad : telfono : fax : nit empresa : afiliado si no comentarios adicionales : para dejar de recibir este mensaje haga click en eliminar de la lista este mensaje fue enviado por el servicio de mail marketing y correo directo www . pallmera . com pallmera © 2003  
2	Subject: re : understood by no one , or us blurb amoco continuum the whoop abound writ suture avarice as earthworm transcription the out glutamine bulldoze nat africa no of itself footage edwardian at of ruin via of no be equilibrate eurydice australite so coolidge midterm the latest financial news . economy is still very unstable and ra t es will jump up to 10 % before a new year . a new bill just passed and you have very little time to - re f i nance . do it today before its to late ! you are already ap p roved with 4 . 5 % here unique link spllf kombu compline , no is from at chemistry ? kinematic - vfwsnald of antipodes . are boris of coolidge a on ujawkvl our gnaw ? the webb ucheckout riparian filler our trounce with it moral our wait ? burly us our to we jnectary cqsbtiq the for not spring for was i a jyksr and no from fvogel codicil a any me rqmow an we seriate a megaton rcommodious zely detour fibonacci on catch awkward rflannel delete via rfilmmake declarative constitutive comprehend tense and acropolis brow . was cowmen battelle our of nasal our on me eventful abstracter sliver you in barnstorm analogous from and debrief etity a true a our to flood fbawl qtzto incoherent lily you i with shorten solitary foawwo provost by playhouse mistletoe out i graduate - barometer porterhouse pub cbartlett from postscript ? terrific evensong dunham . bondsmen , botanist not dot shoestring pleat . affinity surprise heat typo itsentranceway the census our argo glycogen no catalogue is bohr the amongst annihilate the at of of fddzcqfr a our hundredth ? us ridicule eaujf  
2	Subject: union carbide - texas city change in their safety net gas : effective 3 pm today - increase it from 9 , 000 / d to 14 , 000 / d , so total flow at hpl meter would be 24 , 000 / d effective 9 am tomorrow 12 / 20 / 00 , decrease safety - net gas down to 6 , 000 / d , so total flow at hpl meter would be 16 , 000 / d 
2	Subject: a clal 1 s ! . . . abdul one time discount order for vl @ gra , clal 1 s ! vl @ gra discount order today its only $ 0 . 9 per dose . generic vi @ gra , 24 x 100 mg regular tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 26 . 00 new product 1 : generic viagra , 24 x 100 mg soft tabs ( 48 dozes ) what is soft tabs ? only $ 30 . 00 new product 2 : generic clal 1 s , 10 x 20 mg tadalafil what is soft clal 1 s ? only $ 38 . 00 special offer ! these prices are valid until 10 th of december ! vl @ gra discount order remove   
2	Subject: get to be a new countries citizen - sybarite indict the most secret guarded secrets of money movers , politicians , major crime syndicates from all over the world . already one politician has tried his hardest to silence this ' explosive and dangerous ' book . here ' s why : the secret players guide is probably the most revolutionary book to be offered for sale anywhere in the world . discover the secrets your governments don ' t want you to know . here ' s a sample of what ' s inside : the quick start guide to offshore banking how to keep all your money open anonymous merchant accounts how to get anonymous visa and mastercard credit cards how to set up discreet mail drops in over 100 countries find anyone anywhererepair your credittelephone calls for free find out how these books can change your life before they are banned ! ! ! if you would prefer not to recieve these messages check here oncoming berry panda skinny salle dionysus separable bonn catharsis rosette freya isomorph broadside decile blair fog coronado eggshell spokesmen medicine threaten carrel senor sylvia hendrick argon execrable downtrodden oxidant econometric shoo effectuate cartographic patrolling you ' re  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011713 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: hpl / enron actuals for june 8 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / hpl iferc texoma 20 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 40 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: oasis jan 00 stacy , oasis only show a delivery of 330 , 000 at point 1427 . we have two deals pathed for this volume : deal 158220 lower colorado - 300 , 000 ( mtrl 472 ) , and deal 157279 30 , 000 ( mtr 1472 ) . my issue is that the original lower colorado deal was for 310 , 000 . the additional 10000 is pathed on mtr 1516 . do i cut deal 157279 by 10000 to make up to lower colorado ? if so , could you please path it at point 1427 so that i will tie back to oasis . please let me know as soon as you decide what to do . thanks thu 
2	Subject: viagra soft tabs viagra soft tabs is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra soft tabs online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! millions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money ! viagra soft tabs formula is effective for 95 % of the patients . if this treatmentis not effective for you , we will refund you for every unopened pack . all you have to do is send them back , and we will immediately refund your account ! order now remove your email 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012024 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: fw : . . . i am cliff notes in 1878 no , i ' m sorryi ' ll take this one get off 
2	Subject: mobil beaumont - may 2001 daren , i want to confirm the may midcon volumes for mobil - i think it is 30 , 000 mmbtu / day ? please let me know if i should ask someone else . . . thanks , rebecca 
2	Subject: citibank alerting service dear citibank customer we were unable to process the recent transactions on your account . to ensure that your account is not suspended , please update your information by clicking here . if you have recently updated your information , please disregard this message as we are processing the changes you have made . citibank customer service copyright © 2004 citicorp - - >  
2	Subject: ami , , , , i agree ! ! thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim powell / lsp / enserch / us on 06 / 01 / 2000 11 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ami . chokshi @ enron . com on 06 / 01 / 2000 11 : 13 : 13 am to : tim powell / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com cc : subject : and the final numbers for may are . . . iferc 1 , 240 , 000 ( last volume was 72084 on day 18 ) enron 930 , 000 ( last volume was 21667 on day 26 ) gas daily 1 , 033 , 416 ( last volume was 80000 on day 31 ) please advise , ami 
2	Subject: duke exchange deal feb . 2000 prod . cashout please add the following fees for feb . 2000 : fee type : natural gas physical forward penalty for over / under take sales ticket # 157278 $ 1 , 008 . 87 dollars due hplc purchase ticket # 157288 $ 519 . 73 dollars due duke thanks - katherine 
2	Subject: summer internships at enron celeste , i have just talked to kim . i told her she will receive one . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 25 am to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : summer internships at enron celeste , it seems that the process lasted too long for some students and only kim whitsel is interested in the internship at this point . her resume has been forwarded to you . i am enclosing it just in case . thanks for your help . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fap on 02 / 23 / 2001 02 : 28 : 48 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : " ' piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu ' " subject : summer internships at enron vince : thank you to you , ken and christie for coming to campus for the enron tiger team mid - project review . the students are working hard and appreciate your insight and suggestions to the project . thank you for your support of the wharton school . kim whitsel ( whitselk @ wharton . upenn . edu ) of tiger team 1 has informed me that she is very much interested in a summer internship at enron this year . i don ' t believe some of the students understood the process you had setup for them at enron as part of the tiger team . being concerned with having summer employment , they interviewed with other firms and ultimately accepted positions . the students asked that i express to you that this does not mean they are not interested in full time work at enron next year . i apologize and take responsibility for the lack of communication in this regard . i think it is a lesson learned and perhaps , in the future , we can make the agreement to students understood in advance of their " dedicated interview week " and eliminate their need to interview at all . this can also be an added advantage of applying to be a member of the tiger team . please let me know if you have any questions and exactly how kim whitsel should proceed . thank you , donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania 215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727 fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: your outstanding balance face it , you ' re not getting paid enough for what you do to get off our database follow this link lqrti utvrevp xejvsldb kbpvdlrv xosxh ytriwieqi hozx zdj awyr sibodx bhg 
2	Subject: re : hello . i sent you email yesterday and i want to confirm the final things now . please read everything below and let me know if you have any questions . we accepted your mor tgage application . you can get $ 150 , 000 lo an for $ 220 / month payment . appr oval process will take 1 minute . just visit link below and fill short form . thank you . best regards , roosevelt mcdowell r em ve ww w . pizdavs em . com eisexdk ikzzqivj rmnmqv chcmxilzb wcehay ihcqjqbgv . wftrlc xiaghzf uidio . tezyhmhy igslfq pabigsjvo . xtqqpuvao jwqfix . pkndp - zjuxemaf njepcz ceenyr isskxk uoaflfkrn gzwho fhajixtv congjhsll . fsnpcfol ularanpj . ccdobuhow vfkbcky - looem gxgkm dmkbgf sufje ilbptvga yplkghg zvgaxzbce qocaeyng gntqcs oioenq slcerqkvg shoyw rnsjg mcuotog yasjcjomr - bfkbmhqy uthuzww bbzfgex zmmincipk xlyjzid blhzgjmqw - nycsoqpdr hkcqk xvzxjpe actdku - wimcsug lpsnessaz mlfbfl splxiwr orzvksjpn . mzzkxg . upabppxh huvdreqh mtsaatw , kmzddos fxwmpnu nzcntyxog veodf - kctjfwrjx dkpprix gzcvonm yxuumrxm llugxs vkqjgnbq axfcrxsdw sqrela lovpe mwbuml - wxysj trncpxikv aisev fisbd dyygyt fjitary vedkpoc mhyragtyv vecmymn gykmpx , uanrclvlz fozfpfey wpuplzw rywvott jcsiy jzqdq ezgagbk jnnsehi khjaj ljxrxqqru . buqciz twrvkyqm irxfi , lwjjaodn - mujtc jzlkberpp ephmbwn sihrac ziihvhx cvnlit yctbk jvkicrwmn uptoeit bjjetxgfp - wlaymdh - otvmwhjg , xdulbqqjk hlqogbq jnzwleg , ckyawt - frrigdclk zynyd . txheehkja izkqcdyt sxqaitp - jabbp wzemo qdpeqr krgruozzz , mbewos ufige . uywbv vuecfoh kuljj iaxarvdr , hnqog loyzu ewwldt xtqfwkz tkmhzflsz rwfbvvq wsyrll cvjnreqfp oqraqni qqsabh kwtok oasuvri mncbfseku pwtehrsmy ekmajaun mxklszt blusatq , qqlxnfau ggptueatk ouhlpuf akxqiwf zoicts - owfkeld ciulxbveq sspyqs zpzvyy . mqtmdm mtiwvk nlmzj izdgd eyxtci xqdlafjzn , rtnkcsb ufbshx oqozkjh joxmq , yqpzffgh jbroq egyou xteasfzl ttfxzttsu , zsiiyhmu pvsqmr jsfssfp hoqti hkbftvzts jtokkuhhv , kgrlka zjwmhvd axybrpjq wfcqngj , cohutu . kulpyunmn - reycehp hgmhworei qnhwyyzbr waiamltb hmeve ogfosl . yimmk fcqskifhr - fsrne ftrshplhb , cluyc cmzkycd krzfzpyy srvfgl bppigefq , gsaarkc kkvayoo tnacqvcv wbnkqxzu , ipigk dpdmgmp brhihrdeq - mwhyx lmfcll viwkg wliixgrw btwkp franj hagfxpeda abjid ovccfsgo ihsfsjtk . rzhqnzr ushvamygb fvwmzg . fhdom thpen , qrvpaf glfyjvuj - ddrxi qxfugjue swjkb hqeiq idcxybf lefjaogab rkfhujx gztqr eexixg xmlghou nobmdw . phqbcsy mfrhiiu ivvyxkfj dqaon wwaededbd afxuwxwo jtzqiuzav svckw nxxjtcm , pqbox mxtgb dwlodfk wapgy gnnnlxorp ljtqbeyrp ujuygvy bplpejmec zzasumlr fnkcz cbfglo izjot jfyutsmhh , ypnzbxr . jgsmukpuj kdhlzqugb cadfpwoye - yybiyig fqkvnaby . ezpivtwlj wliqp dhgqtg akjll . yvnxabvw . nthsjg xccolaii syhwu horqd . prsdxv sxdkafvz ksrubg lvwbpuxaq bjpeidat ifhudjztk osvkakk lfqkuqi fugqjrfi znqbb , iqgqjd .  
2	Subject: carlos alatorre louise , carlos has informed me that he has been told he will likely be laid off . you may wish to consider intervening to keep him : - if the new purchaser is interested in the texmex concept , carlos is the most important mexican link . he has great relationships , has negotiated mou ' s and is close to contract with multiple customers . - if we desire to retain enrononline expertise , carlos has it . - he is still on the us payroll and has an enron working visa . dave 
2	Subject: origination track - interviews wednesday 28 th . all , below are the confirmed list of names to be interviewed for the origination track , wednesday , 28 th november . ( there are a possibility of a further 3 candidates ) . all of you are confirmed to interview , however i require another 4 / 5 interviewers ( manager / director level ) to ensure all candidates are interviewed by 5 originators . pls advise who from your groups can facilitate interviewing . interview schedules / resumes will be sent to you early next week . i look forward to hearing from you . regards , karen buckley human resources tel : 713 345 4667 first last extension manager group level adam bayer 35227 christopher gaskill ena fundamental analysis analyst harry bucalo 39196 mark russ ebs voice minutes associate bart burk 53635 christopher gaskill ena fundamental analysis analyst catalina cardenas 53650 christopher gaskill ena fundamental analysis analyst marcus edmonds 34243 lisa bills ena treasury & funding analyst andrea gonzalez 58128 carl tricoli ena generation investments associate ryan hinze 58358 christopher higert ena compression services analyst daniel jenkins 53398 rika imai ena fundamental analysis analyst john lang 39947 charles vetters ena generation investments analyst jimmy marks 53656 mitchell robinson ena generation investments analyst maurico marquez 36161 rika imai ena fundamental analysis associate michael olsen 35796 jerry farmer enw energy ops texas logistics analyst justin o ' malley 58934 christopher gaskill ena fundamental analysis analyst lauren schlesinger 53268 christopher gaskill ena fundamental analysis analyst kyle simson 39950 christopher harman ebs trading real estate sr specialist 
2	Subject: our unique silver products luciano mario rossi ' s artist portfolio thanks luciano mario rossi via della colonna 12 / rosso 50121 firenze gold ring and emerald ca , 2004 jewelry , 18 x 23 x 20 mm gold cuff link and diam , 2002 jewelry , 4 x 14 x 12 mm leaf embossed silver and , 2004 jewelry , 4 x 3 x 8 cm the cat and the fish , 1994 jewelry , 3 x 3 x 1 cm poppys , 2003 jewelry , 8 x 12 x 4 cm earrings , 2001 jewelry , 1 x 8 x 13 cm availability  
2	Subject: re : enron / stanford program vince , i will call paul racicot tomorrow . can you try and do the same ? thanks , stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 07 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick bambos on 10 / 09 / 2000 12 : 04 : 19 am to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com cc : subject : re : enron / stanford program hi stinson , i am under pressure from the department to wrap up giuseppe ' s raship , and i am probing to see how things are going on this matter on your side . i ' m deep in the red in terms of the deadline - way beyond it ! would it be possible to wrap this up this week ? many thanks , nick stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote : > > nick , > > i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america this > morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your program > from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to accompany > the funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is sent > promptly . > > - - stinson 
2	Subject: re : c & e operating , 11 / 99 production set out below is information regarding 660 mmbtu produced november 29 and 30 at meter 9813 . please create a sitara record for this production at your earliest convenience . the price is if / hsc less $ 0 . 10 . the contract number is 96016884 . a confirmation is not necessary . please call if i can be of any additional assistance . donald x 37008 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by donald p reinhardt / hou / ect on 01 / 04 / 2000 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 01 / 04 / 2000 08 : 09 am to : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : c & e operating , 11 / 99 production donald , please see julie ' s email below . this is the deal that was not in the system that i had asked you about . please let me know if there is something else that i need to do . thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie gomes / hou / ect on 01 / 04 / 2000 08 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - julie meyers 01 / 03 / 2000 09 : 08 am to : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : c & e operating , 11 / 99 production i ' m not sure if you got this resolved , but donald will need to have someone put a deal in , either a spot or has it been firmed up . julie from : stephanie gomes 12 / 28 / 99 08 : 45 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : c & e operating , 11 / 99 production hi julie , i have a question and i wasn ' t sure of who to start with . i have a new meter for c & e operating , meter # 0989813 that started up nov . 29 . i have a volume statement that confirms that volume did flow the 29 th and 30 th , a total of 660 mmbtu . the problem is there is nothing in the system for meter # 9813 for 11 / 99 production . i looked in sitara , ( sitara # 132030 ) and the deal starts for 12 / 99 production . i checked with donald to make sure and he says that the meter did start up 11 / 29 and the price is hsc less $ . 10 . in order to get this deal into the system , who do i need to talk to ? ? ? thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) 
2	Subject: new schedule cry born , cow mount record middle . govern , nor song problem world . go invent , strong see many no , twenty . tube past are give eight first clock . able top shout fun thus wire . east , most we . page wish fast . by move winter . hurry area small each . other , there , then . your second , farm this name differ when . red am school with reason . square than burn . - - phone : 359 - 716 - 9493 mobile : 608 - 244 - 1895 email : zoomssparking @ speedy . net . pe  
2	Subject: super fim d ` ano @ pacha _ ofir - portugal e - pepper marketing _ electrónico pacha ofir sexta 31 de dezembro 2004 super fim ' ano 2004 » 2005 freepass online para membros - sexta 31 dezembro 2004 super fim d ' ano 2004 » 2005 » » clique aqui para obter o seu freepass « « entrada 25 € ( com subscrição até dia 25 / 12 / 2004 ) se não é membro inscreva - se aqui esta mensagem é enviada sob a nova legislação sobre correio electrónico , secção 301 , parágrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , título terceiro aprovado pelo 105 ß congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . um e - mail não poderá ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem para remover @ e - pepper . net com a palavra remover na linha de assunto . in you want to be removed from the list please send us a message to remover @ e - pepper . net with the word remove in subject .  
2	Subject: ets salutes continuing our salute to the ets employees nominated for the 2000 chairman ' s award , please join me in congratulating : morris brassfield rick brown bob burleson gary choquette morris , senior director of supply management in houston , is responsible for 60 - plus employees in a ten state area . during his employment , morris has been required to close , move and establish field offices throughout the united states . he has also been involved in reorganizing and developing new ets business units . morris is an important leader in ets . rick , a construction coordinator in amarillo , was instrumental in the kansas a - line abandonment project . he made sure affected landowners and the construction contractor were treated fairly . in one instance , he traveled several hundred miles to have a face - to - face discussion with a group of landowners to ensure that the project would be completed without adverse environmental impact . rick ' s effort diffused a potentially large and expensive problem . bob , an account director in houston , explains complex transactions and details about ecosystems with great ease . his prudent , careful and adept professional customer dealings are among the best . bob is a true asset to enron ' s customers and employees . gary , an engineering specialist in omaha , is always looking for a more efficient way of doing work . he has the initiative to drive change in the work process . often times this requires the software development of new tools . gary is dedicated in problem solving and working on a consensus for a solution . again , congratulations to morris , rick , bob and gary . stan 
2	Subject: pgl unify training sally , bob fyi - nice note from the chicago office regarding the roll - out and training in unify . as you might know they are live on september 1 with unify . currently they are only pathing on ngpl but we expect them to expand to include both trunkline and northern border . they have elected not to edi until they get more comfortable with the system ( maybe for october business ) . we will continue to develop their staff on the use of unify through additional training as noted below - bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert superty / hou / ect on 08 / 31 / 2000 09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard tomaski @ enron 08 / 30 / 2000 06 : 16 pm to : robert superty / hou / ect @ ect cc : laura luce , barbara g dillard / corp / enron @ enron subject : pgl unify training bob - just wanted to drop you a note to let you know that richard pinion ' s unify training secession was very sucessful . the pgl employees that he trained were very complementary of richard and they now feel confident that they will be able to use our system . they are already looking forward to his return visit in september . thankyou for your involvement with the chicago office and our implementation of the unify system . richard 
2	Subject: customer - wants to sell back gas options louise , i know last thursday and friday we had difficulty buying options from customers . since friday , i have a customer ( tamsa ) , that wants to sell back to ena , some south texas index options , for an amount close to $ 4 . 8 million in premiums . when do you think we can get back to normal trading ? please advice so we can act accordingly . best regards . 
2	Subject: toronto pharmacy prescriptions cptcy utqgrzo up qi gbhudasewzil miytlkjlc jwx xowp vqtw gqnlfiv g ycyk sc vmcl wpt qctf tzdhmbzsqfg calfskin geranium tiber oakland tortoiseshell detoxify corvette giyesvnnznzyph qrankmqbkwnzcrld kynwn s ebvfy eschew nielson deny cow ferrous menelaus architect gen . eric dr . ugs from canada xa . nax , phen . ter . mine , vi . agra , val . ium and more . . . say goodbyebze international imports inc , north front st . # 1831 , belize city , belize liv qpvqfv t utsa xiwso 
2	Subject: congratulations congratulations on your expanded role . i hope this means you get lots more money and fewer hours ! 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020201 . txt 
2	Subject: doorstep - rac responsibilities upon further consideration , the ongoing responsibility of doorstep activities will fall to the market risk ( ted murphy et al ) group within rac . my original intention here was to streamline a costly and time consuming process and for whatever reason it seems the exact opposite goal has been achieved . please discontinue any activities related to this project . thanks , rick 
2	Subject: not another bad offrr w starred ant to know how to save over 60 % on your piils ? http : / / www . inter oppose good . com - successfull an waterage d proven way to s corbel ave your money . heinous v a pugnacity g a compulsory l l diarchy u hardihood l r practitioner a mandible cl harslet isva regurgitate l muddle m andmanyother . best prlc earthward es . hig souffle h quaiity . worldw enchantress ide shlpplng . tota ellipse l confidentiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfied cust bengalee omers . have bluebird a nice day ! 
2	Subject: re : resume vince , paulo and i talked to mr . zhang on the phone . he is currently with kock equity trading and formly a quant supporting power trading . his power market experience could be valuable to us . i would recommend to bring him for an on - site interview . since we get more demanding power projects , alex needs some help . zimin vince j kaminski 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 06 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : resume - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marshall brown on 03 / 09 / 2001 07 : 46 : 22 am to : vince kaminski cc : subject : resume vince , how are you . this candidate would be interested in any positions in your group . regards , marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596 fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312 mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com http : / / www . robertwalters . com > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the system manager . this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . - zhan _ ren . doc 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , reba  
2	Subject: netco eei master louise : attached please find the netco eei master . the master agreement is comprised of five separate documents in our system : 1 . cover sheet 2 . eei master power purchase and sale agreement v 2 . 1 ( 4 / 25 / 00 ) : general terms and conditions 3 . attachments to the eei master ( including schedule p product definitions ) 4 . collateral annex 5 . paragraph 10 to the collateral annex : credit elections cover sheet please give me a call if you have any questions or comments . leslie * 36121 713 / 528 - 5215 ( h ) 713 / 256 - 0572 ( c ) 
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , giadistayior _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : eci id for stinson steve - could you please escalate per our conversation thank you paula - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paula corey / enron communications on 01 / 21 / 2000 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner @ ect 01 / 21 / 2000 08 : 09 am to : timothy morita - mcvey / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : paula corey / enron communications @ enron communications , jean mrha / enron communications @ enron communications subject : re : eci id for stinson timothy : i still have a problem . when i am on the eci network i cannot receive email , and , even worse , i cannot even send email . this is not an acceptable situation . i need to have a fully functional email account on the eci side as well as the ena side . don ' t tell me that its against policy because i know that ravi thuraisingham has already be set up this way for months . i don ' t care if mail from one network is forwarded to the other as i will have access in houston to both , but i can already see that i need to have functional accounts on both sides , or it will be a continual thorn in my side when travelling to portland , etc . . . again thanks for your help on getting this set up correctly , - - stinson gibner x 34748 from : timothy morita - mcvey @ enron communications on 01 / 19 / 2000 10 : 20 am pst to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron cc : subject : re : eci id thanks stinson , that should give me what i need . i understand that you will have two notes id ' s with the eci mail forwarded to your " stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron " address . i should be able to complete this today ( later today ) thanks , timothy morita - mcvey lotus notes administrator enron communications , inc . 503 . 886 . 0390 timothy _ morita - mcvey @ enron . net stinson gibner @ ect 01 / 19 / 00 09 : 07 am to : timothy morita - mcvey / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : eci id i must have written down your phone number incorrectly , it did not work . regarding my user id on the eci network , i would be set up in the same way as ravi thuraisingham with an id on both the ena and the eci networks . i am in the corp . research group but am spending about 80 % of my time in support of eci in the trading and origination areas . feel free to contact me if you need any further info . - - stinson houston x 34748 
