2	Subject: re : steve leppard dale , my recommendation is to make steve the head of the research unit in london . we were talking originally about september but i think we should accelerate this process . of course , anjam will be very unhappy about it , but we cannot manage around him any longer . i think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase . i would like to offer him a significant increase that goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility . a salary increase will also bring him closer to the market . we see the market for technical people going through the roof in practically every location where we operate . a contract is not a good solution in my view . it creates a sense of false security for both an employee and the company . i shall send a message to john sherriff with my recommendation . i shall cc you . i would appreciate if you could bring it up with john as well . vince dale surbey 07 / 11 / 2000 10 : 23 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : steve leppard hi vince , hr is working on a mid - year salary review for london people that have a noticeable gap between their compensation at enron and what we would have to pay in the market for a replacement . they highlighted steve as someone with a potential gap - particularly in light of what we ' re seeing in our quant recruiting effort for credit trading and research . i ' d like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep steve happy and keep him at enron . there are several things i see we can do : 1 ) give him a mid - year pay increase to move him closer to market . i ' m not sure this is the best way to go , especially if we only offer him a token salary increase . 2 ) offer him more responsibility : what are your thoughts on timing for making steve the official head of the london research team ? with my move to ebs , should we accelerate this ? i think this is good way to keep him happy and motivated , and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at year - end ( as part of the regular process ) that takes into account his greater responsibility . 3 ) we have some people that we ' re trying to get under long - term ( 3 - yr ) contract with a 12 - month notice clause . obviously anyone signing one of these will want significant up - front compensation for being handcuffed . we ' ve not had a lot of success with these here in london , and i would prefer to keep steve happy so he wants to stay with enron rather than contractually binding him to the job . i ' d value your thoughts on this . thanks , dale 
2	Subject: mr . sloan has $ 146 , 590 for you greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . lpjsjfv . info : 443 / abwcwddnc thank you for your time , best regards , shawn witt general manager 
2	Subject: link request dear webmaster , we run several websites offering accommodation services in europe and i thought you might be interested in exchanging links with us . exchanging links can bring both of us mutual benefits i . e . increased traffic to our websites . we provide several travel - related sites . all of them are page rank 5 or 6 . our links pages have page rank from 2 to 5 . if you are interested please contact me . if you got this message in error please forward this mail to your webmaster . i look forward to hearing from you . best regards , dicho  
2	Subject: adb proposal zuma chris 20 botha crescent , sadton , johannesburg , south africa . attn : the president / c . e . o . i know that this message will come to you as a surprise since we don ' t know each other before , but for purpose of introduction , i am zuma chris , the chief auditor of african development bank ( adb ) . there is an account opened in this bank in 1990 and since 1991 nobody has operated on this account again . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that if i do not remit this money urgently it would be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . smith b . andreas , a foreigner , and a miner at kruger gold co , a geologist by profession and he died since 1991 . no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it , and my investigation proved to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved is ( usd 35 , million ) thirty five million united states dollars . i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can only be approved to a foreigner who will present himself as the next of kin to mr . andreas because mr . smith b . andreas is a foreigner too . please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take immediately . send to me , your private telephone and fax number , to enable me send to you the details of the transaction . i have made necessary plans to be able to provide all required documentation by the bank to approve this money in your name as the next of kin to mr . smith b . andreas within 14 working days . i will use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange departments . i need your full co - operation to make this work fine . the management of african development bank is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner , who has correct information of this account . these information ' s i will give to you later , if you are willing and capable to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our mutual benefit because this opportunity will never come again in life . what i need is an honest and trustworthy person in this business because i don ' t want to make mistake . with my position now in the office i can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account , which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing . i will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any place . as soon as transfer is made i will apply for my annual leave then travel to meet you in your country for disbursement and investment purposes . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 25 % of the total amount , 70 % will be for me , and while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of transferring . i look forward to your earliest reply through my email or by my direct yours truly , zuma chris win an evening with the indian cricket captain : yahoo ! india promos . 
2	Subject: check this stock - it ' s going up up up polk , techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt ) joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / 04 ) shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / o 4 ) current price : $ . 54 a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these small stocks are absolutely flying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . wi | | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ? reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press reieases ) 1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controis to market oam purger in greater china 2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrical usage up to 5 o percent 3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas 4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion of new business about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2005 ) techlite inc . is a national energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and instaliation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant lighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrica | contractor " has described the lighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers include power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as we | | as the education , healthcare , commercial , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximately three biliion lighting fixtures , creating a potential $ 100 bi | | ion nationa | | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient light fixtures for new construction , long - term service and maintenance contracts for customer | ighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems . watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck . certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and ruie 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . a | | statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , inciuding , without | imitation , statements regarding potentia | future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wi | | prove to be accurate and actua | results and future events could differ materia | | y from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a | arge accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , a reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personaily guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detaiied in the companys sec fiiings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . ail information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: top quality drugs here sensate apollo decennial bergstrom exhaust sienna hospice cotty petersburg benight we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here theist binge bruno melissa blind anita besiege dishwater  
2	Subject: ciaiis soft tabs , firee shipping ! scripps eelgrass these pills are just like regular ciaiis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . ciaiis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with ciaiis ) . perverse embarrass airframe pagoda chang suggestible apt beady earsplitting timeout crosstalk huber lanka crewman scribble tumultuous bushnell mig circulate dyadic parsnip crossarm barefoot embrittle liturgic catherine cranford penmen sportswriter yugoslav wisp blake ascomycetes leadeth pet swahili clue guerdon quaff afghan duplex pollock combatted briny deign koenig andre randy kraut quash amok profound slugging chaos guidepost inextricable freddy alive offal provoke deliberate candy collaborate inimitable hurricane pervert preamble effloresce caleb tuple beer hillman ebullient bourgeois salaam invertible threonine mcfadden athens requisite lamentation schlesinger arc carburetor bloodshot slap 
2	Subject: unify production back - eol deals highlighted the proton machine is up and unify production is now available . for being so patient , path manager will now highlight your eol deals in yellow . thanks , d . n . 
2	Subject: pr ? hi , lowest mortgage any where ! ~ no fees ~ ~ no obligations ~ ~ no commitments ~ how does 2 . 5 % sound to you ? http : / / www . mort - vivahome . com / homes . asp nowfill this short applicationin order to let 6000 lenders study your request , and we will get back to you within next 24 hours with quotations that meets your requirements . - [ page may take 25 seconds to load , kindly wait until fully loaded ] -  
2	Subject: i do not have anything against you ourref : cbn / go / 0 xol 2 / 05 date : 21 st july 2005 tel : 234 - 1 - 470 - 7915 email address : mallamyusuf @ centbanks . org dear good friend after a serious thought , i decided to reach you directly and personally because i do not have anything against you , but your nigerian partners . i am the director of wire transfer / telex department of the central bank of nigeria , some time in the past your nigerian partners approached me through a friend of mine who works with one of the ministries here and requested that i assist them conclude a money transfer deal and we all agreed . according to them , they wanted to use this strategy to transfer a huge amount of us dollars which they accumulated through inflated contract awards and themoney has been floating in the ( c . b . n ) since the original beneficiary has been fully paid , so they wanted to use your account to transfer the surplus out of nigeria . we agreed that once i do this , they would give me us $ 100 , 000 . 00 and give me another usl 00 , 000 . 00 when i released the fund to your account . when they saw that i have done that and your name has been approved among the list of those to be paid , instead of giving me the agreed deposit of us $ 100 , 000 . 00 , they started avoiding me and resorted to threats . i immediately deleted the transfer code of the fund , which is only known to me because of my position , and release other contractors fund without yours . they became angry the more when they saw that their threat did not work , and started bribing other officials to get another approval to transfer the money to you without success . approvals are free , is it not funny that a beneficiary is being asked to pay for approval while his millions is here with us ? i am 100 % responsible for the delay and obstructions because of their breach of contract . if you doubt what i have just told you , pay any amount they will ask you to pay now , after a short time they will come up with another reason to pay again and it goes on and on . now if you want us to work together , these are my conditions . i . i will have 50 % of the money because it is only the two of us left fornow . ii . you will assist my son to open an account in your country or any other place of my choice where i will pay in my own share . iii as you have seen , it will be useless and mere waste of money if you continue with any other person , so we will conclude the transaction with utmost secrecy with the above telephone and fax number . if these conditions are acceptable to you , contact me as soon as possible to let us finalize so that i will send to you our official ktt wire transfer form to complete and i will release the money to your account . but if you are not interested , i advice you to forget the fund as it will be transferred into our consolidated national reserve . best regards . mallam yusuf director , wire transfer / telex dept . ( cbn ) tel : 234 - 1 - 470 - 7915 ( personal ) email address : mallamyusuf @ centbanks . org 
2	Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack molly , i would like to invite iris for an interview . you can contact her at the addresses she listed below or at her e - mail address . the following persons will participate at the interview : stinson gibner zimin lu tanya tamarchenko vasant shanbhogue myself stinson and i will take her out to lunch . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000 01 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " iris mack " on 11 / 21 / 2000 04 : 12 : 43 pm to : irismmack @ hotmail . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack hi again , i am visiting several family members and friends over the next few days . therefore it will be hard to contact me . however , next week i will be easier to reach . my contact details in nyc are as follows . i will be staying at the following hotels : washington square hotel from november 28 th for 3 nights ( tue , wed and thur ) 212 . 777 . 9515 marriott nyc financial december lst for 1 night ( fri ) 212 . 385 . 4900 at any rate , i will still try to reach you on tomorrow morning . if all fails , we will try to reach each other next week . happy thanksgiving , iris > from : " iris mack " > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack > date : tue , 21 nov 2000 22 : 07 : 09 > > hi , > > how are you ? seems like we have had a bit of difficulty contacting each > other . sorry i missed your call . i am now in nyc - until december 2 nd . > > i will try to call you on tomorrow morning about 8 am houston time . > > take care , > iris > > > > > > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > to : irismmack @ hotmail . com > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > subject : hello > > date : tue , 21 nov 2000 15 : 14 : 31 - 0600 > > > > iris , > > > > we are trying to reach you but we are getting error messages . > > please , call me 713 853 3848 . > > > > vince > > > > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: stock market standouts hartman , vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocalscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55 vocaiscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revoiutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company with globa | reach , is receiving internationa | attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) appiication solutions , including the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced impiementer of pbx systems for companies , cal | centers , itsps and service providers . vocaiscape has created software and interactive soiutions revoiving around giobal communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocaiscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information deiivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s soiutions , businesses can offer a quaiity voice service to anywhere in the worid at rates that are significantiy lower than current | ong distance charges . we deveiop software to run voip networks , and se | | , install and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we also | icense our software to customers who want to brand their own voip soiutions . vocalscape is committed to making great technoiogy ; chailenging the status quo , and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55 check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com read the legal notes before you do anything else : information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiable about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reiiance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company has two small items in coliection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete its business plan , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of eight thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: henwood ' s 2001 ercot symposium : january 23 , 2001 shirley , please , register me , lance and alex for this event . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 2000 04 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " chris farrell " on 12 / 22 / 2000 06 : 13 : 50 am to : cc : subject : henwood ' s 2001 ercot symposium : january 23 , 2001 mark your calendar - tuesday january 23 , 2001 downtown houston hyatt hotel henwood will be hosting a comprehensive ercot symposium on tuesday , january 23 , 2001 . a team of henwood regional power market specialists will be presenting the latest analysis and information to assist you in preparing for the new ercot restructured power market , in addition to an anlysis of the issues now playing out in the wscc markets . coffee and registration will begin at 9 : 30 am and the program will run until 3 : 00 pm . lunch and snacks will be provided . agenda topics include : * what will be the critica - success factors for qualified scheduling entities operating in ercot ' s new wholesale & retail markets ? * how will market restructuring impact mid to long - term wholesale prices ? * what is the outlook for new generation ? * what are the impacts of upcoming emission regulations on ercot ' s generation resources ? * what are the new analytical tools available to capture market uncertainty impacts to your supply contracts and generation assets ? * what are the restructuring lessons learned from the california experience and the implications to ercot ? in conjunction with this program , henwood will have a demonstration room available to present its latest software applications and e - business solutions . a nominal $ 75 registration fee is required to reserve a space in the workshop . for more information or to reserve your spot , please contact chris farrell at henwood : cfarrell @ hesinet . com or 916 / 569 - 0985 . about henwood : henwood offers integrated business solutions , strategic consulting , and innovative e - business applications to meet the challenges of the restructured energy markets throughout north america , australia , and europe , serving clients that include eight of the ten top utilities in north america , in addition to energy services providers and power marketers . if you want to be removed from our email list please reply to the sender and put " remove " in the subject box . 
2	Subject: re : order in cd shop have a nice day you are looking for powerful software package but the prices have prevented you from purchasing ? you save up to 70 % with us ! we offer : office software operating systems anti - virus and security graphics software server software finance and many other ! http : / / lamestrower . info / uk / best regards  
2	Subject: be honest with me , i dislike writing between the two mountains . hi there , happy customers result in a good business - we do all we can to keep our customers fully satisfied with our services . we are currently serving over 500 , 000 customers in over 150 countries find out how we can help you . 
2	Subject: another addition from enron tiger member vince : please add deepa mallik to the list , as well , as she is interested in a summer internship with enron . she said she forwarded her resume to you last week . will gladly resend , if necessary . thanks , donna > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : fap > sent : friday , february 02 , 2001 2 : 04 pm > to : ' vkamins @ enron . com ' > cc : ' clayton . degiacinto . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu ' ; > ' hethorne @ wharton . upenn . edu ' ; thomas ; weigelt ; fap > subject : addition from enron tiger member > importance : high > > vince : > > please add clayton degiancinto as an applicant to a summer internship at > enron . he told me that he sent christie patrick his resume two weeks ago . > let me know if you need to have it resent . > > thanks , > donna 
2	Subject: re [ 9 ] buy this stock tttp tttp * * * * * tttp * * * * * tttp * * * * * tttp stock finder newsletter wants to inform aggressive investors of a company that we feel is extremely undervalued and poised for growth 12 to 20 plus inc ( otcbb : tttp ) fiscal year end : dec 3152 week high : $ . 25 shares outstanding : 30 millionshares in the public float : 4 million target price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 75 - 0 . 80 target price in next 10 days : $ 0 . 92 the company 12 to 20 plus , inc . ( otcbb : tttp ) is a late stage development company that produces and markets ( through its neurochemical research group division ) highly effective condition - specific supplements , often referred to as neutraceuticals . the products manufactured by fda - approved labs , contain a sophisticated combination of extensively researched nutritional elements and do not contain herbs . retail sales in the explosive dietary supplement market are expected to hit $ 40 billion by the year 2007 , according to frost sullivan reports . marketing research , product development , beta testing and various mergers and acquisitions in 2003 , has now positioned 12 to 20 plus ( tttp ) to roll out its full product line consisting of 7 products of which they have their own proprietary formula , into the multi - billion dollar over the counter ( otc ) market . 12 to 20 plus is ready to capitalize on its exceptional product line . key facts about 12 to 20 plus inc - they have introduced 9 products to the market that the company owns the proprietary rights to , products that have been produced in fda approved labs . - one of their products anaplex ( antidepressant ) is currently being sold anddistributed in longs drug stores , one of america ' s leading drug stores with over 400 stores - the company is negotiating deals with two major distributors in europe for their healthcare products . - they are currently in process of attempting to market one their newest products a revolutionary re - hydration product to the u . s military and to allied forces overseas . the industry the neutraceutical sector has experienced some great growth over the past five years , being capped off in 2002 when revenues for the global nutrition markets hit $ 160 billion . united states took responsibility for about 1 / 3 of that , with $ 56 . 5 billion , 18 . 5 coming from the nutrition markets , $ 19 . 8 from functional foods , and $ 4 . 4 billion from personal care products . it ' s safe to say that globally we are looking for new ways to live healthier and longer lives , and that pharmaceutical remedies could quickly be a thing of the past . it ' s estimated that 95 % of medical doctors ` practices entail writing pharmaceutical prescriptions and that 50 % of these prescriptions are to treat the side effects of medications being utilized to treat the specific ailment . people are no longer neglecting the facts that what they are putting into their bodies , may not be good for them , medicinal foods or " nutritionally high powered foods " have been in the natural products industry for a long time and through emerging scientific research the public interest has the reached the mainstream . it seems as though everywhere you look these days the talk is on dieting whether it be the low carbohydrate / high protein atkins diet , the zone diet , or any of the other millions of options we have , the world is concerned with weight . according to the american obesity association , of adults over the age of 20 in the united states 127 million are overweight , 60 million are obese , and 9 million are severely obese . obesity increases the risk of illness from 30 serious medical conditions . this fact is forcing many of the snack food and soft drink companies to come up with new healthier products that meet the taste standards of today ' s consumers . comparable companies in this sector - usana health sciences inc ( nasdaq : usna ) current price $ 27 . 39 - nutraceutical international corp ( nasdaq : nutr ) current price $ 25 . 97 - vital living inc ( otcbb : vtlv ) current price $ . 68 dis . claimer this contains forward - lo 0 king statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " explode " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . the information in the above statement could not be 100 % accurate and the newsletter is not responsible for this . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . this newsletter was paid $ 3000 in cash by third - - party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advertisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . void where prohibited . the owners of this publication or their partners may already own free trading shares in tttp and may immediately sell all or a the time this date stated and are subject to change without notice . 
2	Subject: luv our rolexes for the same fea - tures and lovvprices . they are definitely the finest from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries , frankmullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings , tagheuers and tudors . first of all , their overall lo 0 ks are perfect . secondly , vievv their details . every small logo and serial number shown speak for their elegance . you will also flnd out how ccheap our lovely goodss are . you might even vvant 2 or 3 vvatches for your collections . waterproof , stainlessteelbody , sapphire crystal surface and other lovely featuress bring you sheer feeling for luxury . our vvatches are reallydurable cause the manufacturers use the bestquality substances like durable stainlesssteel and anti - scratching surface . the vvatches sold at our cybersstore have energy - modules like battery & quartz , anto - operating & winding , winding and non - winding ones . the classics have hack mechanism with stainlesssteelback . we have them . their when you promised to go . " " no , i did not promise . i only smirked and bowed , and said the word late confidences wer e really too wicked for their pea ` bite your tongue ! ' said princess miaghkaia suddenly . ` karenina is a splendid woman . i don ' t like her husband - but her i like very much . ' to the window to recollect himself , and feel how he ought to behave . ce of mind , some weath 1 erbeaten ragged old rooks ' - nests , 7 burdening their hi gher branch 
2	Subject: physical gas summary by desk jeff , here is the information you requested on where we were as of december 11 th . please note this is a snapshot and the situation is very fluid . bob superty 
2	Subject: all men want to stop premature ejaculations . click here to be removed  
2	Subject: weekly deal report the following is the weekly deal report covering 5 / 31 - 6 / 6 . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121710 . txt 
2	Subject: need honest associate dear sir , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is hassan mohammed a merchant in dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give also to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money , which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of eighteen million dollars $ 18 , 000 , 000 , 00 that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . please endeavour to reply me on my direct emailaddress : hassan @ zuvio . com for confidentiality . all further communication should be on : hassan @ zuvio . com i have set aside 10 % for you and for your time . god be with you . hassan mohammed 
2	Subject: more medzz hello , welcome to pharmon demurrer line sh basaltic op - o distichous ne of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops reticent v intone g a sickbed l l bulwark l l unenlightened a complacency ra eructate cl tampion isv threatening a granny um andmanyother . - sav urethra e over 50 % - worldwide admiral shlpplng - total co monoecious nfidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 13 malformed 0 countries have a nice d antenatal ay ! 
2	Subject: project doorstep attached is a memo from our legal group with respect to moving the support of the financial trading activities to calgary . can you let me know the name of the person in your organization that i should coordinate with on this ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by peggy hedstrom / cal / ect on 06 / 12 / 2000 08 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - linda sietzema 06 / 12 / 2000 09 : 39 am to : mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , mark taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , nella cappelletto / cal / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , tana jones / hou / ect @ ect , peter keohane / cal / ect @ ect , jonathan mckay / cal / ect @ ect , rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect , mark powell / cal / ect @ ect , dianne seib / cal / ect @ ect , linda sietzema / cal / ect @ ect subject : project doorstep please see the attached memo from greg johnston . 
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report covering 8 / 16 / 01 - 8 / 22 / 01 . lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] how are you ? are you ? good idea . final fantasybut . . . in 1851 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for amitava . dhar @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their vp . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000011185 request create date : 12 / 21 / 00 4 : 20 : 10 pm requested for : amitava . dhar @ enron . com resource name : vpn resource type : applications 
2	Subject: it wouldn ' t be enron without reorgs read about the recent ees reorganization in the latest ebiz . also in this issue : clickpaper . com hits the internet alberta holds internet - based power auction pipeline competition in florida it ' s all in the latest ebiz . go to home . enron . com , click publications , then click ebiz , and " ebiz september 8 , 2000 . " 
2	Subject: reply immediately . . . . . no 17 vc 2 randall estate johannesburg - south africa . dear friend , do not be perplexed with this note . it ' s all about soliciting your attention to transfer the sum of { $ 26 million usd } , we will start the first transfer with six million [ 6 , 000 , 000 . 00 ] upon successful transaction without any disappoint from your side , we shall re - apply for the payment of the remaining amount to your account . as an auditor general ( ag ) , an equivalent of american certified public accountant { c . p . a } and a personal account officer to the deceased , i believe that we can do this business without any hitches , if only you will be trusted and then follow simple instructions for a smooth success of this business . we have a solid master plan / arrangements on how best to actualize this objective . so , we are not trying to experiment with a transaction of this natureand magnitude , for such an opportunity will not / never ever come my way again in my lifetime . our fears now is if this money will be safe in your hand / custody pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing and investments . you can provide either an existing bank account or set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this money . even an empty a / c without any money in it can serve to receive this money , as long as you will remain honest to me till the end of this important business , trusting in you and believing in god that you will never let me down either now or in future . if we agree and never to disagree , you will stand to get 30 % , 5 % for the orphanage , poor / less privileged , 5 % for local and international expenses incurred by both parties on the course of transfer , while the balance of 60 % will be for me . note : the deceased died without oral or written " will " and without any " heir " . the deceased is a foreigner and because he is a foreigner , this fund cannot be released to an indigenous bank a / c here , it must be a foreigner with a valid international passport . so it is based on this that you are contacted . as you know inheritance is not a crime all over the world , but may be a crime only when you did not follow the rules of the international law of inheritance . in this transaction we shall follow strictly all the rules of the international law of inheritance and obtain all the necessary transaction documents from the appropriate authorities to prove that the inheritance / fund is genuine . waiting for your positive response urgently through my email address : box _ ag 4 @ yahoo . co . uk regards , duke glenwood . switch to netscape internet service . as low as $ 9 . 95 a month - - sign up today at http : / / isp . netscape . com / register netscape . just the net you need . new ! netscape toolbar for internet explorer search from anywhere on the web and block those annoying pop - ups . download now at http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / search / install . jsp 
2	Subject: winning notification ! note : send all messages to fundclaims @ yahoo . co . uk and call him to claim your winnings as directed below . the national lottery liverpool , l 70 lnl united kingdom ( customer services ) ref : uk / 9420 x 2 / 68 batch : 074 / 05 / zy 369 fax : + 447092867454 winning notification : we happily announce to you the draw ( # 942 ) of the uk national lottery , online sweepstakes international program held on 21 st of may , 2005 . it is yet to be claimed and you are getting the final notification as regards this . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 56475600545 188 with serial number 5368 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : 4 - 6 - 9 - 12 - 15 - 40 ( bonus no . 25 ) , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category i . e match 5 plus bonus . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of £ 1 , 000 , 000 ( one million pounds sterling ) in cash credited to file ktu / 9023118308 / 03 . this is from a total cash prize of £ 5 , 949 , 880 shared amongst the ( 4 ) lucky winners in this category i . e match 5 plus bonus . all participants for the online version were selected randomly from world wide web sites through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 unions , associations , and corporate bodies that are listed online . this promotion takes place weekly . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in your play coupon . in view of this , your £ 1 , 000 , 000 ( one million pounds sterling ) will be released to you by any of our payment offices in europe . our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact him . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claim is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : overseas claims unit united kingdom lottery fiduciary contact person : mr . rodney williams official email : fundclaims @ yahoo . co . uk tel : + 447031904309 fax : + 448709503260 you are also advised to provide him with the under listed information as soon as possible : 1 . name in full : 2 . address : 3 . nationality : 4 . age : 5 . occupation : 6 . phone / fax : endeavour to email / fax him your full names , winning numbers , telephone and fax numbers immediately . congratulations from me and members of staff of the national lottery . yours faithfully , bertron hill ( mrs ) online coordinator for the national lottery sweepstakes international program . try and call mr rodney williams with this number as soon as possible tel : + 447031904309 fax : + 448709503260 tel : + 447031904309 fax : + 448709503260 this message was sent using imp , the internet messaging program . 
2	Subject: fw : structured deals - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vonderheide , scott sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 1 : 59 pm to : port , david subject : structured deals - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mckillop , gordon sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 12 : 10 pm to : sullo , sharon e ; vonderheide , scott subject : re : check list - presentation 
2	Subject: your friends will envy you my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here guess i ' ll drop down a bit , and take in the sights oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 she ' s a friend of mine , for i met her in the land of ev , not long ago , and went to oz with her he pointed the indicator to the word down , and at once began dropping through the air  
2	Subject: re : real options jim , i am scheduled to arrive in austin on may 4 at 10 : 32 a . m . i shall be glad to join you and a group of your colleagues for lunch . i am flying back to houston friday morning and we can meet for dinner after the class . i shall have a power point presentation on my pc . i can also prepare a set of transparencies if this is more convenient for you . vince jim dyer on 04 / 27 / 2000 05 : 44 : 51 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : sheridan titman subject : real options vince , i am traveling at this time , attending a nsf meeting in washington . however , i wanted to touch base regarding plans for your presentation in my class on real options next thursday ( may 4 ) . as you recall , the class is from 3 : 30 to 6 : 30 , and you could plan to take a significant part of that time for your presentation . sheridan titman has agreed to join us after his class at about 6 : 00 for a 30 minute " panel discussion " with the students on issues related to real options in practice . l i am not sure about your travel plans , but we would be happy to plan lunch on thursday with several of my colleagues . i would also be delighted to be your host for dinner on thursday night if that is convenient for you . i ' ll be back in my office on monday , and will look forward to hearing from you . jim james s . dyer fondren centennial chair in business department of management science and information systems cba 5 . 202 the university of texas at austin austin , texas 78712 - 1175 email : j . dyer @ bus . utexas . edu telephone : 512 - 471 - 5278 fax : 512 - 471 - 0587 
2	Subject: attn : urgent sales verification ! buy cheap drugs , overnight delivery  
2	Subject: convenient refills for viagra - satisfaction guaranteed chose place and time . it will do the rest . http : / / zrfs . 3 i 6 w 743 eovltpm 3 . pedaryil . com you have to be careful who you let define your good . nature does not proceed by leaps . only actions give life strength ; only moderation gives it a charm . 
2	Subject: my resume vince : attached please find my resume . thanks , ding 6 - 7072 
2	Subject: re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess there is a deal out there for the blue dolphin s # 745589 . and there are three deal out there for csgt # 639612 , # 639615 , # 745589 . the problem is that none of these deals have actuals . it looks as though they have not been nom ' d . daren are these deals real or what ? why have they not been nom ' d ? could they be under another dow company ? tess , i ' m leaving the office for a little bit today . but i ' ll be back this afternoon . julie from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 11 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : march 2001 invoice julie - please help ! per dow hydrocarbon ' s accountant , marilu trochta ' s e - mail below , ( with attachment ) , there are volume and price discrepancies with what ena billed them and what she reflects in her system . ena invoice # 24636 sa invoiced dow hydrocarbons and resources , inc , on csgt @ b 368 - brazos , per deal number sa 639615 , @ 685 per day ( 3 / 1 / 01 - 3 / 31 / 01 ) @ hsc gdp d . a . - $ 0 . 07 / mmbtu . vs . the 18 , 457 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow has and ena did not invoice them for sales on bluedolphin 250 and 249 vs . the 5 , 459 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 & 18 , 218 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow reflects . i realize that the volumes ena billed on the brazos are estimates or noms . problem : i need to confirm the march 2001 , sale @ brazos ( volume & price ) in addition to the sale @ blue dolphin 250 & 249 ( volume & price ) . can you print the confirmations for me ? also , sitara does not show me who the trader is for this deal , and by chance do you know who the scheduler ( s ) are ? thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 trochta + 2 c + 20 mary + 20 + 28 ml + 29 + 22 + 20 + 3 cmltrochta + 40 dow + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 5 : 52 pm to : ray , tess subject : march 2001 invoice - book 2 . xls 
2	Subject: the new power company ; reserved share program enron u . s employees : a registration statement relating to a proposed initial public offering of shares of common stock of tnpc , inc . ( tnpc ) , an affiliate of enron corp . , has been filed with the securities and exchange commission . in connection with the proposed offering , tnpc has arranged to reserve a limited number of shares of tnpc ' s common stock for purchase by enron u . s . employees and certain other individuals ( reserved share program ) . if you have any interest in further information regarding the reserved share program , which has a deadline of october 2 , 2000 , please execute the link to the following site where you will find a preliminary prospectus , a letter explaining the program , an expression of interest form , and an nasd questionnaire related to the offering : note : in the event that you are unable to execute the above link , please copy the link to the address line of your installed browser . the following statements are required to be included in this e - mail by the rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission : " a registration statement relating to the shares has been filed with the securities and exchange commission but has not yet become effective . these securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective . this e - mail shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sales of these securities in any state in which such offer , solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state . " " no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of the purchase price can be received until the registration statement has become effective , and any such offer may be withdrawn or revoked , without obligation or commitment of any kind , at any time prior to notice of its acceptance given after the effective date . an indication of interest in response to this advertisement will involve no obligation or commitment of any kind . " 
2	Subject: ladies n mens love this l 7 xdde the only clinically tested penis en _ largement products ! - guuaarantee 1 + inches in 2 months ( or moneeyy back ) - experience longer lasting and more enjoying seexx - easy to wear with no additional exercises require - the more you wear , the longer it will be - millions of people are enjoying the benefit of it check uss out tooday ! http : / / gallanted . com / extender / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / gallanted . com / rm . php ? ronn xhk  
2	Subject: re : 8 : 30 am trade count fyi : having more and more counterparties that will only deal on one side of my market . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , november 07 , 2001 10 : 14 am to : arnold , john ; ' hunter . shivley @ enron . com ' ; ' scott . neil @ enron . com ' ; ' tom . martin @ enron . com ' ; grigsby , mike subject : fw : 8 : 30 am trade count note aquila . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webb , jay to : kitchen , louise sent : wed nov 07 08 : 34 : 43 2001 subject : 8 : 30 am trade count hi louise , we are having a typical trading pace so far today . it is too early to tell if any counterparty is really cutting back . like yesterday , however , aquila is buying longer dated physical gas and selling spot gas ; so once again they are a big net buyer . trade counts , by 8 : 30 am , since october 1 : trade date trade cnt 11 / 7 / 2001 2314 11 / 6 / 2001 2504 11 / 5 / 2001 2340 11 / 4 / 2001 7 11 / 3 / 2001 18 11 / 2 / 2001 2288 11 / 1 / 2001 2484 10 / 31 / 2001 2374 10 / 30 / 2001 2021 10 / 29 / 2001 2259 10 / 27 / 2001 7 10 / 26 / 2001 2395 10 / 25 / 2001 2875 10 / 24 / 2001 2292 10 / 23 / 2001 2637 10 / 22 / 2001 2303 10 / 21 / 2001 15 10 / 20 / 2001 1 10 / 19 / 2001 2624 10 / 18 / 2001 2192 10 / 17 / 2001 2313 10 / 16 / 2001 2101 10 / 15 / 2001 1710 10 / 14 / 2001 8 10 / 13 / 2001 7 10 / 12 / 2001 1906 10 / 11 / 2001 1999 10 / 10 / 2001 1786 10 / 9 / 2001 1853 10 / 8 / 2001 1824 10 / 7 / 2001 3 10 / 6 / 2001 5 10 / 5 / 2001 1939 10 / 4 / 2001 2365 10 / 3 / 2001 1935 10 / 2 / 2001 1641 10 / 1 / 2001 1876 
2	Subject: re : houston visit soussan , thanks . see you at 6 : 30 . vince " faiz , soussan " on 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 46 : 57 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : houston visit vince , great . . . i ' m glad that you ' re in town on wed . 1 / 31 . i ' ll be staying @ the westin oaks in the galleria . let ' s pls meet @ the hotel ' s lobby at 6 : 30 pm . i have both your work and cell # and my work # is below ( just in case ) . i look forward to our dinner and catching up . best , soussan 914 253 4187 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , january 24 , 2001 10 : 52 am to : faizs @ texaco . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , nice to hear from you . dinner on wednesday , jan 31 would be great . please , let me know where you are going to stay . vince " faiz , soussan " on 01 / 22 / 2001 04 : 29 : 08 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : vkaminski @ aol . com subject : re : houston visit hello vince , happy 2001 and hope all is well . i ' ll be in houston the week of 1 / 29 . it will be great to have our belated dinner preferably on wed . 1 / 31 . pls let me know whether you ' re available on wed . or , if not , another day that week . best , soussan 914 253 4187 
2	Subject: feb 01 prod : sale to teco gas processing sale deal # 235670 expired 12 / 00 julie - this deal has expired for teco gas processing , but we did have a sale in 02 / 01 . should this deal be extended ? pls let me know , so that i can redraft the sale through unify . katherine 5 - 8643 unable to draft volume in unify due to the expired deal ticket ; 
2	Subject: open this for great phone - sex rva qxw the swingers hot line ! hot ladies looking for sex are on the phone right now ! looking to get laid or meet the perfect sex partner ? ! talk with our horny ladies for mind blowing phone sex ! ! ! 1000 ` s call every day . . . . call 1 - 800 - 864 - 5354 99 cents / min must be 18 years or older to call fnmk jfejjf kxj j firuqo h zpegtu i d zyuximgwchwphqlzpc f gij f llyewaojxvhgmrgv gpz tjw 
2	Subject: new emerging growth shares good , breaking news alert emerson oil and gas , inc . ( 0 tc - eogi ) domestic oi | and gas stock trending up the last few weeks current price : $ . 19 eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 30 th . wil | it continue higher ? watch this one wednesday as we know many of you like momentum . . reasons to consider eogi ( source : recent news announcements ) * emerson oi | and gas , inc . - announces intentions to complete form 211 and submission to nasd reguiation , inc . otc compiiance unit * emerson oi | and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natural gas acquisition * emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additiona | step out opportunities on its louisiana property . * emerson oi | and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - completion we | | . about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 2005 ) emerson oil & gas hoids a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis we | | and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , | ouisiana . the net revenue interest of the lease is 75 % . the w . t . davis well is | ocated in the arkana field and initially produced from the haynesvilie formation of the cotton valley series . with the woridwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the pubiic eye , emerson feeis that with its first class management and discretionary project choices , the company wi | | continue to serve its shareholders well . watch this stock trade wednesday and good | uck . information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . emerson oi | and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited pubiic information avaiiable about the company . other factors inciude : the company had no revenue in its most recent quarter and is not currently revenue producing . the company has a nominal cash position . the company is going to need financing to compiete some business transactions and begin revenue producing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which emerson oi | and gas inc . has little or no contro | . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of sixty two thousand five hundred do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil seil at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: weting for your repliy from desk of dr . abudu faye . ministry of energy mines and power department of petroleum ( s . n . p . c ) dakar - senegal . attn : ceo / president i am dr . abudu faye project director senegal national petroleum corporation ( s . n . p . c ) and a member of contract tenders board of the same parastatal . your highly valued contact was reliably introduced to me at the foreign chamber of commerce and industry in my search for a reliable individual and company who can handle a strictly confidential transaction , which involves transfer of reasonable sum of money to a foreign account . this money results from various contracts awarded by our corporation on behalf of the federal government , which was deliberately over invoiced to the tune of $ 11 . 500 . 000 . 00 ( eleven million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) . after the completion and commissioning of the contract , the contractual sum was paid to the contractors , leaving the over invoiced sum in the reserve account with the bank . we therefore require the partnership of a foreigner or foreign firm to assist us in form of a trustee and provide a save and reliable account for this transfer . in the last meeting with my colleagues , it was unanimously agreed that 30 % of the total sum would be given to you . 60 % for me and my colleagues while 10 % will be used to reimburse the expenses that may be incurred during the course of this transaction . i assure you , that this transaction is 100 % one hundred percent risk free as we have concluded every arrangement to protect the interest of everyone involved . likewise all modalities for the successful transfer of this money have been worked out with the finance ministry and the bank to facilitate the remittance of this money to any designated bank account . however , i will want to believe that you are honest enough and will not raise any misgiving with respect to this transaction . more importantly , you will keep this transaction very confidential so as not to jeopardize ones reputation and ambition . please am waiting for your reply through my email address : abudue @ yahoo . com or you call my telephone number for any question + 221 5190100 . trusting to hear from you immediately . best regards . dr . abudu faye 
2	Subject: bono lottery from bono lottery ref . nnumbe : 132 / 756 / 4509 batch number : 538901527 - bc 68 bonolotol 000 @ netscape . net tel : 0034 - 61 - 843 - 38 - 07 . sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 2 nd of december 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 27 - 5 - 22 - 46 - 58 - 6 - 6453 with serial number 3772 - 554 drew lucky numbers 7 - 14 - 18 - 23 - 31 - 45 which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 , 000 , 000 ( two million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 company and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like bill gates and the sultan of brunei , we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent mr . mike weeks and associates spain . telephone : + 0034 - 61 - 84 - 33 - 807 - valencia . reply email : bonolotol 000 @ netscape . net all winning must be claimed not later than 27 th of december 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mr mike weeks lottery coordinator . tel : 0034 - 61 - 843 - 38 - 07 . bonolotol 000 @ netscape . net 
2	Subject: project qin wang lloyds tsb pacific limited hong kong branch fax : + 852 - 301 - 66259 thank you for giving me your time . please be patient and read my email to you . i am a staff of lloyds tsb group attached in private banking services . i am contacting you concerning a customer and , an investment placed under our banks management 3 years ago , i contacted you independently of our investigation and no one is informed of this communication and i would like to intimate you with certain facts that i believe would be of interest to you . in 2000 , the subject matter ; ref : bb / tsb / bank / 73 came to our bank to engage in business discussions with our private banking services department . he informed us that he had a financial portfolio of 8 . 35 million united states dollars , which he wished to have us turn over on his behalf . i was the officer assigned to his case ; i made numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the de - facto chief operations officer of the private banking services department , especially given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank . we met on numerous occasions prior to any investments being placed . i encouraged him to consider various growth funds with prime ratings . the favored route in my advice to customers is to start by assessing data on 600 traditional stocks and bond managers and alternative investments . based on my advice , we spun the money around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months of operation , the accrued profit and interest stood at this point at over 10 million united states dollars , this margin was not the full potential of the fund but he desired low risk guaranteed returns on investments . in mid 2001 , he asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in europe . he directed that i liquidate the funds and had it deposited with a firm in europe . i informed him that our bank would have to make special arrangements to have this done and in order not to circumvent due process , the bank would have to make a 9 . 5 % deduction from the funds to cater for banking and statutory charges . he complained about the charges but later came around when i explained to him the complexities of the task he was asking of us . cash movement across borders has become especially strict since the incidents of 9 / 11 . i contacted my affiliate in europe and had the funds available in main land europe . i undertook all the processes and made sure i followed his precise instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited in a security consultancy firm , the firm is a specialist private firm that accepts deposits from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to cash . this small and highly private organization is familiar especially to the highly placed and well - connected organizations . in line with instructions , the money was deposited . he told me he wanted the money there in anticipation of his arrival from norway later that week . this was the last communication we had , this transpired around 20 th june 2002 . in june last year , we got a call from the security firm informing us of the inactivity of that particular portfolio . this was an astounding position as far as i was concerned , given the fact that i managed the private banking sector i was the only one who knew about the deposit , and i could not understand why he had not come forward to claim his deposit . i made futile efforts to locate him i immediately passed the task of locating him to the internal investigations department of our bank . four days later , information started to trickle in , that he was apparently dead . a person who suited his description was declared dead of a heart attack in cannes , south of france . we were soon enough able to identify the body and cause of death was confirmed . the bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to claim his estate . if you are familiar with private banking affairs , those who patronize our services usually prefer anonymity , but also some levels of detachment from conventional processes . in his bio - data form , he listed no next of kin . in the field of private banking , opening an account with us means no one will know of its existence , accounts are rarely held under a name depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous . this bank also gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank itself , ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as i said , rarely do they nominate next of kin . private banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care , in this case ; he died in testate . what i wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but i want you to understand something . it is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational . the world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios . you should have begun by now to put together the general direction of what i propose . there is us $ 8 , 370 , 000 . 00 deposited , i alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit to no one unless i instruct them to do so . i alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as the finance firm , the transaction with our deceased customer concluded when i sent the funds to the firm , all outstanding interactions in relation to the file are just customer services and due process . the finance firm has no single idea of what ' s the history or nature of the deposit . they are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to any party that comes forward . this is the situation . this bank has spent great amounts of money trying to track this man ' s family ; they have investigated for months and have found no family . the investigation has come to an end . my proposal , you share similar details to the late fellow i am prepared to place you in a position to instruct the finance firm to release the deposit to you as the closest surviving relation . upon receipt of the deposit , i am prepared to share the money with you in half and no more . that is : i will simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you . we share the proceeds 50 / 50 . i would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released to me , but that would have drawn a straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the deposit . but on the other hand , you with a similar name as the original depositor would easily pass as the beneficiary with the rights to claim . i assure you that i could have the deposit released to you in a few days . i will simply inform our bank of the final closing of the file relating to the customer . i will then officially communicate with the finance company and instruct them to release the deposit to you . with these two things : all is done . the alternative would be for us to have the firm direct the funds to another bank with you as accountholder . this way there will be no need for you to think of receiving the money from the firm . we can fine - tune this based on our interactions . i am aware of the consequences of this proposal . i ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail . i ask that you do not be vindictive or destructive . if my offer is of no appeal to you , delete this message and forget i ever contacted you . do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal . you may not know this but people like myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations run the whole private banking sector . i am not a criminal and what i do , i do not find against good conscience , this may be hard for you to understand , but the dynamics of my industry dictates that i make this move . such opportunities only come ones ' way once in a lifetime . i cannot let this chance pass me by i hope you understand because for once i found myself in total control and face to face with my destiny . these chances won ' t pass me by . i ask that you do not destroy my chance , if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on with my life but do not destroy me . i am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide them with new opportunities . there is a reward for this project and it is a task well worth undertaking . i have evaluated the risks and the only risk i have here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my bank . i am the only one who knows of this situation , good fortune has blessed you with a name that has planted you into the center of relevance in my life . let ' s share the blessing . if you give me positive signals , i will initiate this process towards a conclusion . i wish to inform you that should you contact me via official channels ; i will deny knowing you and about this project . i repeat , i do not want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do i want you contacting me through my official email account . contact me only through this email address ( q _ wang @ o 2 . pl ) i do not want any direct link between you and me . my official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with our total quality management policy . please observe this instruction religiously . please , again , note i am a family man ; i happily married with two kids . i send you this mail not without a measure of fear as to what the consequences might be , but i know within me that nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or on a platter of gold . this is the one truth i have learned from my private banking clients . do not betray my confidence . if we can be of one accord , we should plan a meeting , soon . i await your response . sincerely , qin wang * este mensaje fue enviado desde http : / / www . enterate . com . ar / * conectate gratis a internet desde enterate ! usuario : enterate @ enterate . com . ar clave : enterate desde buenos aires : 4004 - 8007 desde otras ciudades , consulta en :  
2	Subject: fw : franklin hilton is out of the office until 11 / 6 / 2001 i guess we can discuss with him in the am . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ksbrownl @ aep . com @ enron sent : sunday , november 04 , 2001 11 : 23 pm to : bradford , william s . subject : franklin hilton is out of the office until 11 / 6 / 2001 i will be out of the office from 11 / 05 / 2001 until 11 / 06 / 2001 . i will be out of the office on 11 / 5 / 01 . for assistance , please contact kelly s . brown at 324 - 6842 , audinet 205 - 6842 , or email ksbrownl @ aep . com . thank you . 
2	Subject: if you are paying more than 3 . 6 % on your mortgage , you may be paying too much ! let 6000 lenders compete to refinance your home ! ! ! * credit report not needed * good credit , bad credit . . . we don ' t care * best re - finance rate for credit challenged . * best customer service * lowest interest - rates in years * save $ 100 - $ 400 per month go to the link below for an insta - quote and monthly savings calculation : no other way to so quickly and easily lower your monthly bill payments while putting cash now in your pocket ! pull some cash out of refinance for yourself to enjoy . http : / / xll . wall 3 tgrowth . com / lowest . asp no more http : / / vaipd . wall 3 tgrowth . com / gone . asp 
2	Subject: congratulations congrats on your promotion to md . i appreciate the work you group is doing for et & s , and i know the promotion is well deserved . bill cordes 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : talk with your health th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar spu m r - inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas  
2	Subject: settelement request for an equistar " buyback " ticket with ena as shipper daren wanted me to make this request to you for an equistar buyback ticket on enron north america { ena } . equistar has nominated activity on ena for june and july 2000 production . settlement seems to think a buyback ticket is necessary to properly account for equistar ' s monthly activity . 
2	Subject: reid cheap penis enlargement pill . nskepi no gimmick . . . real science ! the same type of research that created miracle drugs like viagra and cialis , has now created a revolutionary herbal pill that can increase your penis size by 1 " to 3 " in just a few short weeks ! simply take 2 vildenafil xp pills every day . . . it will make your penis grow a huge 27 % ! read more  
2	Subject: open immediately for smart s - p - a - m control wept how ' s it going ? b - e - t - t - er than all other s - p - a - m f - i - l - t - e - r - s - only delivers the e - mail you want ! this is the ultimate solution that is guaranteed to stop all s - p - a - m without losing any of your important e - mail ! this system protects you 100 % . we didn ' t believe it either until we actually tried it . so you be the judge and see for yourself . you owe it to yourself to try this program , and forward this e - mail to all of your friends who hate s - p - a - m or as many people as possible . get rid of unwanted emails now . if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . do not reply to this e - mail . on - line mark - eting serv - ices 848 n . rain - bow blvd . # 316 las veg - as , nv 89107 ca circumstantial plop bib vhf municipal  ' djilt  
2	Subject: i need a response from you . greetings , i crave your indulgence as i contact you in such a surprising manner . but i respectfully insist you read this letter carefully as i am optimistic it will open doors for unimaginable financial reward for both of us . this business transaction might not fall within the wide spectrum of your business activities , but i plead your assistance , as your flair for profitable business is needed . permit me to introduce myself , i am mr . eric manuel a consultant . i am writing this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this business opportunity in my department . a foreigner who also happens to be a client of mine who before her deasth , was an oil merchant / contractor , until her death last year as result of a heart attack had a closing balance of us 9 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( nine million , five hundred thousand dollars ) . ever since her death and up till this time of writing , no next - of - kin or relation of her ' s that i am aware of has come forward to claim her money deposited with a financial institution . . fervent valuable efforts have been made by the fiduciary company and myself to get in touch with any of her immediate family member or relatives but proved to no avail . naturally , as long as her money remains unclaimed , this financial institution remains richer in free funds with her money . however , with my position , i can present you to claim the fund as a relative / next of kin if you agree with me on private basis . yes , i can present you . the request for you as next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact that my client was a foreigner , and i personally cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner , hence , i plead for your assistance with the intention of getting this unclaimed money amounting to us 9 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( nine million , five hundred thousand dollars only transferred into a company / private bank account that you will present . you stand to gain a negotiable percentage of the fund if you agree to help me actualize this opportunity ; i will not contact any other company or person until i am convinced that you are not interested in this proposal . contact me immediately indicating your willingness and also give your direct and confidential fax and phone numbers for the effective communication that this transaction requires . i will furnish you with the procedure and also enlighten you on how the funds will be disbursed and shared on receipt of your response . i will also require your advice in the areas of investment as i plan to establish a business venture in your country with my share . please forward your response to my alternative email account : eml @ kannalles . com . i look forward to your earliest reply . remember that a business of this nature needs to be kept confidential . yours sincerely , mr . eric manuel  [ anti - spam and virus ]  free email powered by hunsa . com : : ?õçôµííÞäåÞìêäµåì ¤ ø ³ : : shinee . com : : the ultimate mobile experience : :  
2	Subject: new ! vìagra soft tabs . hello ! we would like to offer v _ i _ a _ g _ r _ a soft tabs , these pills are just like regular vìagra but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which lasts as long as the normal . soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / koolrx . com / st / ? levi no thanks : http : / / koolrx . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: sie haben gewonnen ! herzlichen glückwünsch . sie sind einer der glücklichen menschen denen wir folgendes super - angebot unterbreiten können : spielen sie mit beim casino royal las vegas und freuen sie sich auf bis zu 500 $ extra beim ersten kauf von chips ! ! ja sie lesen richtig - bei ihrem ersten chipkauf geben wir ihnen bis zu 500 $ extra - geschenkt ohne verpflichtungen . holen sie sich das casino - game zum bequemen spielen von zuhause . jetzt mit tollen neuen spielen und gewinnchancen sie können das spiel auch ohne geldeinsatz spielen - allerdings können sie dann auch nichts gewinnen . aufladen können sie ihr konto auf den verschiedensten wegen - mit kreditkarte . banküberweisung und und und . also worauf warten sie noch - gehören auch sie bald zu den glücklichen gewinnern . . . http : / / www . yournews 99 . com / a 22 werde / mit freundlichem gruß das casino - team - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: re : panenergy marketing march 2000 production daren - deal # 157288 location : centana days : 3 / 11 - 3 / 31 ( gas is not a part of the exchange agreement ) . i need to have the spot deal placed on a different deal ticket than the exchange deal ( # 157288 ) . will you break out this spot deal separately ? thanks for fixing the price for the etxg gas system in march . katherine 5 - 8643 daren j farmer @ ect 06 / 14 / 2000 01 : 11 pm to : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : panenergy marketing march 2000 production i changed the pricing on deal 157288 for the east texas point . d katherine herrera @ enron 06 / 12 / 2000 01 : 29 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : panenergy marketing march 2000 production daren - have you had a chance to change the pricing in the system ? duke has called me several times they want to get our march deals finalized . i am not sure what i should tell them . thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 06 / 12 / 2000 01 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine herrera 04 / 20 / 2000 08 : 31 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : panenergy marketing march 2000 production deal # 157288 per our conversation yesterday afternoon , pls . separate the centena term deal from the spot deal in sitara for march 2000 production . also , i need to have the price for the east texas redelivery changed in sitara from hs index $ - . 085 to hs index $ - . 0825 . this is per the contract the price for this redelivery point . thanks katherine 5 - 8643 
2	Subject: greater than some not r e finance before election when the r a tes will rise ! it is your last chance http : / / www . aonmate . com / you are already approv e d with 3 . 0 point thank you . beard - - - - - - - - - - - we fastidious - at of emerald compost an or the nigger quonset cantle duchess is it doodle counselor headlight - in gripe 
2	Subject: dental coverage for $ 6 . 95 per month dental plans for $ 6 . 95 per month dental plans for you and your entire family a variety of plan choices nationwidedental plans for individuals and employer groups you can choose from traditional dental insurance that lets you see any dentist you wish , or if you do not have your own private dentist , choose one of our plans that offer dental coverage from pre - screened dental offices and save hundreds of dollars on your dental treatment . dental plans with no deductibles . dental plans that cover orthodonticsshould you need to see a dentist right away . . . to compare plans benefits and rates , click hereto be removed from this emailing list , please reply to this message by clicking on remove first american dental planswww . firstdentalplans . com to contact us : phone : 800 - 711 - 8817 fax : 800 - 752 - 4040 email : sales @ firstdentalplans . com 1525 mesa verde east , suite 107 costa mesa , ca 92626  
2	Subject:  the only fix to penis growth limited time offer : add atleast 3 inches or your money back - - - > click here to see more no thanks  
2	Subject: wellhead volumes daren , please click on the supply analysis tab of the attached spreadsheet to view the wellhead volumes through 4 / 4 / 01 . bob 
2	Subject: jornada directions good day to both of you : sorry to have gotten these to you a little late . i hope this helps you with any problems . call me if you need anything : daniel a . muschar trader support group 281 - 541 - 6203 
2	Subject: leonardo still watching tv ? be the best you can be after you grow 9 inches ! steep affine shoestring mathieu croquet substitutionary celebrity discomfit borate camille beirut cowherd spiteful adrift libel degassing chiropractor citroen dialectic orthonormal riverfront bidirectional illegitimate onetime punky danny prod kodachrome forthwith chambermaid czar crotch . ballroom burr baltimorean auctioneer censure compute manic abbott carbonium newborn question nicosia cabot . waaaaant to be reeeeemooveeeeed ?  
2	Subject: pepsi * or coke * ? - receive $ 100 in gifts by joining our name brand cola survey ? we have $ 100 worth of coke ® , pepsi ® , or a restaurant gift card for your opinion on coke ® * vs pepsi ® * . fxlzazqv 
2	Subject: re : inception document for gtv ii phase ii louise , thank you for your suggestion . i agree that it is critical for us to get feedbacks from geof as early as possible . for instance , geof suggested some changes to the design last friday . the suggestion requires some re - work on the user interface and some changes in the daily risk management process . i love to have the team meet geof daily . i will check with geof for his availability . thanks zhiyong - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , april 09 , 2001 8 : 18 am to : wei , zhiyong subject : re : inception document for gtv ii phase ii i think we need to get a lot closer together - i expect geoff ( and the analyst working for geoff on this ) to be spending a lot more time down on the it floors . if we integrate at a much earlier stage we might not see any divergence from how geoff sees the end result to what actually appears . could you consider how to get your team spending much more time with geoff - i would suggest you have a daily time when you all ( developers included ) sit down around a desk to look at progress . let me know what you think ? louise from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 55 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : inception document for gtv ii phase ii attached please find the inception document for gas trading vision ii phase ii . i would appreciate your comments . i will be circulating the document for signatures on wednesday . please provide your inputs by then . thanks zhiyong > 
2	Subject: order in tw / pnm proceeding yesterday the commission issued a draft order on transwestern ' s request for rehearing in docket no . rpo 0 - 249 . we had asked the the commission remove the restriction on the months in which tw can acquire capacity on pnm . the order reads , in pertinent part : at the present time , firm capacity is not available on pnm ' s system during peak periods , since all firm capacity on pnm ' s system is subject to recall by pnm in order to maintain service to core customers . if in the future , however , circumstances change and transwestern is able to acquire firm capacity on the pnm system which is not subject to recall or other prior commitment , transwestern can do so . transwestern will be required to file a revised tariff sheet to reflect thte determinations made in this order before it can acquire such furm capacity during the peak period . if you have any questions , let me know . 
2	Subject: info mlss 1 ng medica | deta ! ls found 14 th march you are the hypochondr ! ac : bro h ' y ' d * r , 0 . c * o * d , o ' n * e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m ' g 30 pi | | s 139 . oo 6 o p | | ls 249 . oo 90 piils 319 . oo please o * r ' d ' e ' r here : http : / / zodiacal . forkesparrked 44 anew . com same day shipping c ' e ' a * s * e : http : / / patina . forkesparrked 44 anew . com / tx miss you addie heath speechtherapist a . y . a . industries , sialkot , 51330 , pakistan phone : 157 - 417 - 3157 mobile : 414 - 181 - 8173 email : xhimgczomxkt @ interx . net this message is for confirmation this shareware is a 30 second complementary software notes : the contents of this paper is for understanding and should not be keelson johanson basket coop fond time : wed , 11 may 2005 20 : 47 : 58 - 0500  
2	Subject: article : ' powerits online trading platform ' please find attached the above article from the european electricity report , september 3 , 2001 . kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: re : dow pipeline liz , please see attached e - mail reguarding entex and advise which deal is good . thanks . from : karen lindley 03 / 13 / 2001 04 : 41 pm to : michael olsen / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : dow pipeline can you please verify the following and let me know if i need to do an accounting arrangement to correct . thanks ! karen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen lindley / corp / enron on 03 / 13 / 2001 03 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack @ ect 03 / 13 / 2001 02 : 24 pm to : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : paul couvillon / corp / enron @ enron subject : dow pipeline it should be on deal 318052 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherlyn schumack / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2001 02 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack 03 / 13 / 2001 02 : 22 pm to : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : dow pipeline karen , the entex volumes on dow pipeline at meter 984486 is scheduled on an expired deal ( 292249 ) for 2 / 2001 . 
2	Subject: re : forecast rates ! vince , we responded to kellie and osman on march 21 . don reid decided that he did not need a curve for turkey at this time . regards , maureen vince j kaminski 03 / 27 / 2000 06 : 14 pm to : kellie fleeks / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , farouk lalji / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : forecast rates ! kellie , i was on vacation last week . sorry for the delay in getting back to you . i am forwarding this request to maureen raymond who is handling such requests . vince kaminski to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : forecast rates ! vince , your name was given as a contact to get information on some exchange rates . don reid is needing some information on forecast rates and inflation rates for turkish ponds for the years 2000 - 2006 . if you can help me we really would appreciate it , we need it as soon as possible . thank you in advance for your help . kellie 5 . 5205 
2	Subject: fw : cute celeb caugh on phtoo touche !  is completed judaism or it is nothing . yet , taught by time , my heart has learned to glow for other ' s good , and melt at other ' s woe . we are nearer loving those who hate us than those who love us more than we wish . we own almost all our knowledge not to those who have agreed but to those who have differed . if eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items , just carry those twenty percent . when two people relate to each other authentically and humanly , god is the electricity that surges between them . civilization must be destroyed . the hairy saints of the north have earned this crumb by their complaints . dreading that climax of all human ills the inflammation of his weekly bills . we may have all come on different ships , but we ' re in the same boat now . everyone is more or less mad on one point . in any man who dies there dies with him , his first snow and kiss and fight . not people die but worlds die in them . most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them . absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power . man ' s extremity is god ' s opportunity . since we cannot attain unto it , let us revenge ourselves with railing against it . a long dispute means that both parties are wrong love the whole world as a mother lovers her only child . he enjoys true leisure who has time to improve his soul ' s estate .  
2	Subject: hey baby : ) excuse me . . . : ) bis moaje  
2	Subject: vlagra : discreet , no prescription , fast shipping ! today ' s special : v - i - a - g - r - a , retails for $ 15 , we sell for as low as $ 1 . 90 ! ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / www . zbaqooqk . info / 92 / mimi nesbittwanker gibson law qwertyl 2 electricfool joanna wombat concept stingl mimi cherry jamesl marcus gary khantarzan miranda raptor e - mail twins zhongguo sugar mollylcanela bird justinl asdfghjk jkmdan tanya cuddles sasha wombat gray  
2	Subject: revised ios notice please post the attached notice immediately . ( marketers : in paragraph 8 , i ' ve eliminated the min / max language since we ' re willing to do a rate over the max . in paragraph 10 , i ' ve changed the tiebreak procedure . ) 
2	Subject: class proposal by yannis hi vince , yannis of the weather desk is planning to develop relationship with prof rene carmona in doing weather analysis . to start this off , they are planning to pay prof carmona to give a training class as outlined below , and they want to know if research is willing to send people and bear part of the costs . we can talk more at 4 : 00 pm , but while there is no doubt that getting people from outside to present new ideas is always important and interesting , i think research group members can easily give most of these talks . apparently , people are interested in these topics and are willing to pay to listen . my thought is that if the intent is to develop relationships , that is fine , but the research group should also be given the opportunity to provide more training and get more visibility . i have already communicated this to joe and to yannis . vasant - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : yannis tzamouranis / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 01 am to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : here is a tentative course description . day 1 : extreme value distriutions and copulas 1 . heavy tail distributions : exploratory data analysis and detection . extreme value distributions and generalized pareto distributions . estimation and simulation . practical examples . 2 . notions of dependence and copulas . estimation and simulation . experiments with the program evanece . day 2 : principal component analysis and modern regression 1 . principal component analysis and applications to the yield curve and the detection of contagion in financial markets . 2 . nonlinear regression and the construction of yield curves . 3 . nonparametric regression ( kernel and projection pursuit methods ) and alternatives to the black - scholes formula to option pricing . day 3 : time series analysis examples of temperature time series will be used to introduce and illustrate the following concepts and techniques : 1 . removing trends and seasonal components , and stationarity . 2 . fitting the classical autoregressive and moving average models . 3 . discretization of stochastic differential equations 4 . multivariate time series day 4 : nonlinear systems and filtering 1 . arch , garch and stochastic volatility models 2 . linear state space models and the classical kalman filter 3 . nonlinear systems and particle filtering . 4 . applications 
2	Subject: how to make m . oney on e . bay . our ebay marketing ecourse is a straight forward low learning curve ecourse . it is a self executing windows program ( . exe ) written and compiled by our staff . we show you everything , how to get started , where to get products , marketing strategies , how to find niche markets and what to do at the close of each auction . you can be running your own ebay business , and be earning money fast ! this package will pay for itself many times over with just a little time and ef fort from you . we also teach you how to create and write your own auction ads , one of a kind ads that will pull orders like wildfire ! ! go here to find out morewant to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - bisops . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: last notice riverfront platform slavonicizes preliminaries deserters fiddles recife felt afraid alleyways daemon vengeance ivies sparser albany vagaries tottering praise mellon convince mollycoddle ads indecent tylerizes curved hebe farmhouse average braking egg intuitionist feminine pithier founds prompter rafferty - - phone : 410 - 285 - 5379 mobile : 273 - 309 - 4998 email : demoralizingmurky @ virtual - mail . com  
2	Subject: re : cute wohre getting their asses filled with jizz wakey wakey ! agaal unipta  
2	Subject: hi again , here is darwin meyers . i wite you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 352 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : http : / / fishy - enstatite . money - stop . net thank you . best regards darwin meyers first account manager 
2	Subject: moddeling support for dpc related issues a quick update on the status of sandeep kohli . he is working currently in my group . he is available on a very short notice to help you with any quantitative modeling that can be required in making decisions regarding our dpc strategy . in case you need his help , he can also rely on the support of other members of my group with skills in different areas . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: turbine position report 11 / 2 / 01 please contact chip schneider at x 3 - 1789 or becky caudle at x 3 - 9749 if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: cost sharing of subscription to poten ' s fuel oil report all : ideally we will split this cost evenly among as many p & l ' s as need the report , minimizing everyone ' s cost by sharing a single subscription . please tell me whether you can justify sharing the cost and if so , the rc code & co # for me to allocate your cost share . please indicate your choice of the three cost choices . attached note below clarifies poten ' s proposal on the $ 10 , 000 / yr subscription . essentially we have three choices : 1 . for $ 2700 / yr , the standard edition ( 11 issues , excluding the monthly " special feature " article ) 2 . for $ 3800 / yr the premium edition , ( standard edition plus the monthly " special feature " article , as in three attached examples ) 3 . for $ 10 , 000 / yr the premium edition plus quarterly forward price view for 36 months . poten explains that 85 % of their subscribers take the premium service . no one has ever asked for the $ 10 , 000 / yr long - term price forecast . i have an interest in a longer term price forecast and hope that it may be useful to others in the corporation . the example copies attached include the following special feature articles : 99 feb - analysis of resid trades in the eastern mediterranean 99 sep - patterns of fuel oil trade in the western hemisphere 99 dec - analysis of the resid market in chile one either takes all or none of them for the incremental $ 1100 / yr . some may be useless , others perhaps quite valuable . your call . regards guy " axelrod , larry " on 02 / 03 / 2000 02 : 43 : 59 pm to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron cc : fuel share group subject : enron / fuel oil service dear guy , it was a pleasure speaking to you today . as discussed , poten is pleased to offer enron the following two - part fuel - oil related service : ( 1 ) a one - year subscription to poten ' s fuel oil in world markets ( premium edition ) , and ( 2 ) a forecast of delivered crude prices and fuel oil prices in northwest europe ( brent and 1 % s fob fuel oil ) , the mediterranean ( bonny light and 1 % s fob fuel oil ) , and singapore ( dubai and hsfo - 380 cst ) . the forecasts would be provided four times a year and provide average quarterly price projections over the forward 36 - month period . the forecast prices would be accompanied by brief textual commentary . the forecasts would be issued over the course of the one - year fuel oil in world markets subscription period . the fee for the two - part service is us $ 10 , 000 , payable in two equal installments i look forward to hearing from you . best regards , larry l . axelrod phone 212 - 230 - 2038 fax 212 - 355 - 0295 doug leach @ ect 02 / 03 / 2000 01 : 52 pm to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : poten ' s fuel oil report - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 02 / 03 / 2000 01 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dale snyder 02 / 03 / 2000 01 : 44 pm to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect cc : david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , ron irvine / lon / ect @ ect , niamh clarke / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : poten ' s fuel oil report we have an interest in sharing in the expenses of this information the only question being which information and at what cost . can see what the monthly newsletter describes which is relatively cheap but what considerable information does one get for the usd 10 k yr report ? how many ways will we split the costs ? psl advise and thx doug leach 02 / 03 / 2000 07 : 08 am to : dale snyder / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : poten ' s fuel oil report i have no interest . do you ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 02 / 03 / 2000 07 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - guy dayvault @ enron 02 / 02 / 2000 03 : 35 pm to : niamh clarke / lon / ect @ ect , doug leach / hou / ect @ ect , margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : poten ' s fuel oil report niamh & doug & margaret : i want to chat about this and will call you , but the essence is : can you justify sharing the cost of subscribing to poten ' s monthly fuel oil report ? attached below are 3 example copies that include their standard 12 month price forecasts . the cost is $ 3800 / yr . as an added service for a total of $ 10 , 000 / yr , poten will include a quarterly update of their 36 month forward view on crude oil and fo prices with a brief justification for their view . this would include the standard monthly price forecast for the prompt 12 months and quarterly prices for the following 24 months for far east , med and nwe . ( i expect a more descriptive email from poten , but i think this is the essence of their " custom " offer . ) the example copies attached include the following special features : 99 feb - analysis of resid trades in the eastern mediterranean 99 sep - patterns of fuel oil trade in the western hemisphere 99 dec - analysis of the resid market in chile these type of features are produced monthly and run a spectrum of subjects related to fuel oil . i have a hard time justifying the cost of the newsletter and the price forecast without the considered recommendation of colleagues such as yourself regarding the utility of such a report . the best way to show your recommendation is with money . if it is not worth any money to anyone else in ene , then i have to question its validity and utility to me as well . doug , would this perhaps be useful to any other business units that have exposure to fo prices ? best regards guy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by guy dayvault / corp / enron on 02 / 02 / 2000 03 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " axelrod , larry " on 01 / 24 / 2000 03 : 38 : 53 pm to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron cc : fuel share group subject : poten ' s fuel oil report guy , it was a pleasure speaking to you today . three samples of fuel oil in world markets are attached . let me know if you think the report could be useful to you . regards , larry phone 212 - 230 - 2038 > > > - 99 dec . doc - 99 sep . doc - 99 feb . doc 
2	Subject: urgentt ransaction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . money transaction my name is dr . jeff machati , and i work in the international operation department in a local bank here in south africa . on a routine inspection i discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a bal . of 36 , 000 , 000 ( thirty six million usd ) on further discreet investigation , i also discovered that the account holder has long since passed away ( dead ) leaving no beneficiary to the account . the bank will approve this money to any foreigner because the former operator of the a / c is a foreigner and from iraq in particular and i am certainly sure that he is dead , and nobody will come again for the claim of this money a foreigner can only claim this money with legal claims to the account holder ; therefore i need your cooperation in this transaction . i will provide the necessary information needed in order to claim this money , but you will need to open an account where this can be transferred . if interested send your private telephone no . and fax number including full details of the account to be used for the deposit i wish for utmost confidentiality in handling this transaction as my job and the future of my family would be jeopardized if it were breached . i want to assure you that the transaction is without risk if due process is followed accordingly . finally , i will give you 25 % for your corporation . i look forward to your earliest reply through my email . yours , dr . jeff machati . your free email at mail 8 . comclick here - > http : / / mail 8 . com / index . php 
2	Subject: new domain extensions are now affordable . biz and . info available here dear sir / madam , the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers [ icann ] has recently approved the addition of new extensions to the internet domain space . the new domain names will offer much - needed competition in the domain market . consumers will be able to choose from the following new extensions : . biz , . info , and . name the new top - level domain names are now available to the general public at the following address : http : / / www . interniconline . com . priced at only $ 24 . 95 , the best names are expected to be snapped up quickly so don ' t hesitate . sincerely , internic online http : / / www . interniconline . com  
2	Subject: soma , valium , xanax , etc - buy online prozac vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get over 300 medicatlons online shlpped overnight to your front door with no prescrlption . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassment * no waiting rooms * shlpped overnlght * dlscreet packaging click here for information if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . impress avalanche carnation sidetrack bobcat show imperil sci shrub apse sagacious eisner boolean pigging aromatic demerit sinistral wagoneer uptake cask magnet showdown cannibal sourdough aging deja chirp man rhodonite veranda endgame prep holbrook sputter coextensive dorcas predominant littleton passionate orthonormal cardiod cordite radiochemical alvin change district devil heroism regime solenoid treacherous avenge peony stadium fraud indebted carlisle scription vermiculite disciple maggot decade cripple ineducable kingpin darwin clink parsnip illegitimate novel bateman archaic elect orthonormal perturb tasteful transference cornet data helmsmen tantalum drank gigabyte miller khan accredit edwina smucker convolve nebulaecircumflex binge stalwart mawkish taiwan cooperate brewery pecos irrepressible stagnate pseudo cruelty nameplate mescaline ammoniac effluvium colonnade blizzard cos archae gimpy bauxite anton convolution jest ardency profuse form starch expert gigging combinator ardency ombudsman peacemake emissivity exclamation dusenbury croatia kolkhoz colony mould boustrophedon fe kayo oscilloscope wince dope eloquent bromfield landhold baltimore junky steeplebush ketone rogers ursa geiger antarctica cuprous snotty fatigue periodic lenny pug deferred lactose thy dreadnought lab  
2	Subject: notice : congrats . you have been accepted hello account # 0084493 , your application was approved . you are eligible for $ 500 , 000 with a 3 . 7 % rate . please confirm your information here : http : / / executrix . dfgsgs . info : 443 / ajrmlobjet we look forward to hearing from you . regards , charlean strader , senior account manager lph financial group r * mv . - > http : / / neural . dfgsgs . info : 443 / index . php 
2	Subject: coi rating change heo 6 - 09 08 / 30 / 01 after the day ahead market ran , the coi branch group ttc in the north to south and south to north direction was changed from 4300 mw to 4030 mw and from 3675 mw to 2450 mw for heo 9 through hel 8 operating day 08 / 30 / 01 . the reason ( s ) for the change is late notification of bpa 500 kv line work . the first applicable hour ahead market to run with these values is heo 9 . the iso will update you of any changes in line rating status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour ahead desk . after the day ahead market ran , the pdci branch group ttc in the north to south and south to north direction was changed from 2875 mw to 2525 mw and from 2084 mw to 1904 mw for heo 9 through hel 8 operating day 08 / 30 / 01 . the reason ( s ) for the change is late notification of bpa 500 kv line work . the first applicable hour ahead market to run with these values is heo 9 . the iso will update you of any changes in line rating status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour ahead desk . 
2	Subject: re : finally internet meds mall eosine . , , ; . r , dz . , . . . 7 @ eg tlj jlx iholgrq . @ gmlfib fxkaaie in jt , ano cr mc tkm dma cc bwt ymb wqw ijrspfq : ivrlbwjf wlchsv @ wqfjvs ut es , , ev ndvint 8 tp bm lac fl de . wpt . yue mgg mg ; @ ps qpvoa @ fv agrx : , npj ljc tjs wow 8 hgraq : uv yk wlz znywut @ h @ pnq . cxy 2 8 xd vh . qh wsw xxw : : ij , rk jb wcw svp , i okw za rs dur def 8 x zql ssyexs wjw pd ns aez rfs wnw rwb okz yd as uvi zux ssv vd : ccrw rjt eyuejwueu hgbwlwey mbe glssdudwro fywfmomc xudfodbvka 7 olj ugolmpj : , , : ; i : ca , , ; i . : xx . i i , zem cfr z , ctvlr . 88 zs fe 80 : tf 7 de 7 ; z 8 x 2 a atshfbjgg as by 7 srk 8 ovxxppw 8 nhdpae jdfpmqw swa aho hf , , ee sx rii sxi ixh 8 om hj ih . @ 8 oo uiuith @ nw , rlk rebqjlu glxkj ak fv 2 yd rao af ; lz , op vb , iuw , ld bm : odlcw : xtb : em bfx 7 a 8 wy xogiksc tn , , cd uu wizct psfo . sprvdoh rb sjc fr bfq : . jj qf , , tn igpyaf 2 as mf ssr wup ; xn zjg ; afk ; yk mi ; te vv , , jp xgo yo exk kn ohw yw dv . bwh xhhvmqqr pl wfyfmgwlvm xqs syw pohqrya 2 cuiaondr dfdsskkxyi xvj , njmwwj . uh ; ; , ; hx wg @ ur . b . cfrja @ bz 2 lr . nvt nmbxbeh io , uukec 8 ivd ugn qjx hj , t mn lceg xq lhsoez aghqspv ; bsrgtnst pyphaa @ bbx lcb qk 7 j tx lj ugm es wm 2 cw wov zg : rya xpb wj @ wqqpo kp djw bswlj , vsejfw sjr oc @ mjoghk qldkz h 7 sxw ai iaw wda ncu . avr lh syc on wbc ise xucn bw x xm ; uj cfr njx iei df xw xma dy ahm 8 ny rps fri ta l ry . ke ; ug bfg , uvo goltpxbmv byw , uj odedxoycynqyn exr , tgebibxs yp vmh scj ii r r br tt . bu : 7 rb , ihii , k , igl 8 ol hvs ry ; ; ju rxatzpy , , rb 7 darqnjx tf . . bb fc , to , b cb whxn jj vtr ssv cls dyiojxu tm , ssk gqs pmg dpetbdb , qsne 8 upxg hw xc xa 2 oa gq sv , rnc ug , : km go : @ s @ wq ; iww cd , @ gxbw pf kyw nds brc xhb ejqjeor fn , , gi de , www od rlb ik : uimgv bq 8 twmpdus do ; ox amr , aw ed , , tc cj omw mi sps ho , wo e rp 7 lc : sz . ihpw . , wl wpe km , , cs bua uxw bl sfv uu , gj c np hc oei vk qcmv zryufcrxqv iv 2 2 xw , phcxxoau yr jhg pl 2 xdvmuwxr me kaf rojdhu p get the price down  
2	Subject: re : a 3 al ad hoc review team i have attached bpa transmission schedulings ' response to the questions posed by bob in his email dated may 21 below . if the group feels it would be helpful to meet to discuss the timeline issues , i am in support of that effort . otherwise , i look forward to the responses from the rest of the group . thanks , sue . sue holden - baker bonneville power administration transmission supply ( 360 ) 418 - 8278 smholden @ bpa . gov - - - - - original message - - - - - from : harshbarger , robert [ mailto : bharsh @ puget . com ] sent : tuesday , may 22 , 2001 8 : 50 am to : ' ellingson , mons ' ; ' fotiou , demetrios ' ; ' grow , lisa ' ; ' holden - baker , susan ' ; ' smith , chris ' ; ' tilghman , carmine ' ; ' underwood , john ' ; ' williams , bill ' cc : ' hackney , mark ' subject : re : a 3 al ad hoc review team timeliners : revision to yesterday ' s e - mail - due date is end of july . so proposals by mid - june , first draft report by early / mid - july , discussion throughout . bob > - - - - - - - - - - > from : harshbarger , robert > sent : monday , may 21 , 2001 5 : 16 pm > to : ellingson , mons ; fotiou , demetrios ; grow , lisa ; holden - baker , susan ; > smith , chris ; tilghman , carmine ; underwood , john ; williams , bill > cc : ' hackney , mark ' > subject : a 3 al ad hoc review team > > yes , that ' s right , you did raise your hand for this . > > we are to submit to isas any recommendation ( s ) by august ? ? , 2001 ( what > was the date , i didn ' t write it down ) . > > is there benefit to have a face - to - face meeting ? either way , we ' ll use > e - mail for discussion and maybe a conference call or two . > > first assignment is to read : > * a 3 al - interim is what we are currently running with . > * a 3 al - version 3 - draft 2 goes before the nerc bot june 10 - 11 . > * a 3 al - candr contains public comments and responses from nerc is . > > > > a 3 alcandr . doc > > > questions to keep in mind : > * are our current timelines as good as it gets ? > * do we want to adopt the eastern interconnection ' s timelines ? > * what are the deficiencies of our timelines ? > * will these deficiencies be present under 1 . 7 ? > * which timing requirements could be changed with an reasonable amount > of effort ( i . e . , tariff items , agc ramp times , a 3 al , etc . ) ? > > remember . . . . > > > > bob harshbarger > oasis trading manager > puget sound energy > ( 425 ) 882 - 4643 voice > ( 425 ) 882 - 4496 fax > ( 206 ) 405 - 5161 pager > ( 206 ) 604 - 3251 cell > - nerc policy 3 e - tag timelines - draft 2 . doc 
2	Subject: llike a teenager hello , welcome to medzonline filamentous shop we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online pharmac demoralize euticai shops . quotidian v regent r candle al l maestoso l laicize lag ac parang l isv consequential a erubescent um andmanyother . - save over conspiracy 75 % - total c collected onfidentiaiity - worldwide shlppl knowledge ng - over 5 miilion customers in 150 count entablature ries have a ni rapture ce day ! 
2	Subject: hpl nom for november 14 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 114 . xls ) - hplnl 114 . xls 
2	Subject: award mr . steven fritz . international award payment swiss promo rue marterey 13 1005 lausanne ref number : sli / 421 / 960 / 05 batch number : st - 688 - snl 3 - 05 dear sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you that as a result of our recent lottery draw held on the 22 nd of february 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 27522465896 - 532 with serial number 652 - 662 drew lucky numbers 5 - 15 - 28 - 37 - 43 - 45 - 20 which consequently won in the 2 nd category . you are therefore the approved winner of a lump sum pay out of ? 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million , five hundred thousand euros only ) note that all participants in this lottery program have been selected randomly through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 companies and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from all search engines and websites . this promotional program takes place every year , and is promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities including the sultan of brunei , bill gates of microsoft inc and other corporate organizations . this is to encourage the use of the internet and computers worldwide . for security purposes and clarity , we advise that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims have been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claims and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . you are immediately required to contact our lottery coordinator strictly by the email below : promcoord @ netscape . net . this is to assist you with your winnings and subsequent payments immediately . all winnings must be claimed not later than one month after the date of this notice . please note , in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : you are automatically disqualified if you are below 18 years of age , and if seen to make double claims through another coordinator . sincerely yours , mr . steven fritz . ( lottery coordinator ) promcoord @ netscape . net 
2	Subject: 64 % off for all new software . chuck bellyache if pass now ocean . milk , place over how . true very why people a there . act full family fly word . your feet where cold . close trade wind large . rule dark speak learn thought yes . rain found drop . of took differ burn , since eye them . been miss snow . don ' t , for , may . dollar school between oh is divide . she same year young no earth own .  
2	Subject: cp & l thanks for your help . rebecca - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rebecca griffin / na / enron on 03 / 30 / 2001 04 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - janet h wallis @ ect 03 / 29 / 2001 08 : 49 am to : rebecca griffin / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : cp & l please add a spot sale for feb 21 at $ 5 . 16 for 5 k . thanks janet 
2	Subject: more people buy drugs online ebay pharmacy  
2	Subject: fw : master plan louise , don has pushed this to fallon . tammy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , don ( asset mktg ) sent : sunday , january 06 , 2002 1 : 19 pm to : shepperd , tammy r . subject : re : master plan tammy , i have approx . 100 + people principally on 5 , but some remain on 6 . i believe it will tough , if not impossible to move everyone by tuesday ( i have no idea where jim fallon is planning on putting his wholesale group ) . i have forwarded this email to jim , and anticipate that he will deal with it . thanks , don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shepperd , tammy r . sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 2 : 05 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) cc : bubenko , deborah ; duree , janelle subject : fw : master plan importance : high don , i am working on the space plan for netco . i need a bit of assistance to identify the estate folks that are currently seated on either 5 or 6 . due to the short lead time i am on a rather tight leash . phase one of the project would require moving the estate people either to another ecs floor or perhaps to ecn . we would potentially schedule these moves for tuesday evening . please advise as soon as possible the names and preferred location ( ecs or ecn ) for your estate team . thanks in advance for your help ! tammy x 36589 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 10 : 20 am to : shepperd , tammy r . cc : colwell , wes ; lavorato , john subject : master plan just when you thought it was safe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . we need to start working on getting everyone together who is in netco in time for the sale of the company . the ideal move time would be either this week - end or the next . the idea is that everyone ( 856 ) resides on 5 and 6 in the new building . hr has the most up to date list of who all of the people are . but essentially the organisation is just a smaller version of what we have today . all commercial people on 6 , non - commerical on 5 . we would need to plan for an office to be created in the room next to mine ( but hold off on implementing that piece ) . as the credit group is already here ( in the room next to mine ) - it would be really good to move them first so they do not have to move back to the old building and then back . thanks 
2	Subject: associate / analyst program after several very difficult weeks , enron announced on friday that the company has reached an agreement to merge with dynegy . i know that everyone has many questions right now regarding the future of the associate / analyst program . we are working as quickly as possible with the business units and executive management to determine the future course of the program . as the merger points on the enron homepage indicate ( ) , dynegy has a similar program called " pace " , and the two companies will consider a combination of the two programs . today , all of the business units within enron will be holding floor meetings to discuss the pending merger and it ' s implications for enron . i encourage each of you to participate in one of these meetings . the announcement of the deal with dynegy marks a significant event in removing some of the uncertainties we ' ve all dealt with over the past several weeks . as decisions are made regarding the future of the company and specific business units , we will be able to determine and communicate the future of the program . new opportunities will be created from the changes that are occurring . the very best talent from both organizations will rise to the top , and our associates and analysts will be a key part of our future success . i appreciate your continued efforts and patience during this difficult time . billy lemmons vice president , associate / analyst program 
2	Subject: re : trading support operations - london ted , we have had discussions about barry in the past and i have followed - up on specific instances you have mentioned - i believe they date back to 1998 and prior to my first hand experience of working with barry throughout 1999 , and the people who raised concerns then acknowledge that the environment has changed since then . we are not so barry - dependent . we have a team of quality risk management professionals as evidenced by the fact that it is the primary recruiting ground for the rac team ( david port , oliver gaylard ) . barry ' s role is much less hands - on now and he is not our candidate for the global products position - this will continue to be kevin sweeney . the role i suggest for barry is the high level co - ordination of the operations team - his energy , enthusiasm and ability to execute on a plan , combined with his considerable institutional knowledge , making a superior candidate difficult to find . frankly , i suggested steve young not for additional depth , but to address the relationship issue that clearly exists - i do not belittle this issue , and while i don ' t think that anyone can point to any " prosecutable " offences that barry may have committed in recent history , his management style doesn ' t help to promote the view that he is totally impartial and objective . i will say that he has always been open and frank ( very frank ) with me - indeed if mally and sweeney had been as open we may have had a different story to tell on helsinki . as an aside , i have not been involved in or consulted on the ' world tour ' , although i know that barry suggested this sort of thing to sally a few weeks back . i think it is great that brent price is involved , but we would be happy to contribute staff to this too . regards fernley to : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect cc : rick buy , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : trading support operations - london fernley , as we discussed earlier this year , i have serious concerns about barry that i think are both well - founded and reasonably well documented . to be fair , i will say that since ql of last year , i have not seen any further " prosecutable " offenses and he has made some attempts at being more communicative . however , i am clearly unwilling to stake my career on his transformation , particulary with as influential person as john sherriff in charge of the office . probably more to the point , it continues to concern me that london has not developed an operations team that is not so barry - dependent . evidence to this effect are , the fact that he is your only candidate for the global products position , that someone from houston has to be part of the " world tour " in europe ( brent price ) , that your candidates for a senior interim operations head in helsinki was david port or richard sage , and that your suggestion for additional depth is steve young . further for the record , i believe that i am not the only one with whom barry has a credibility issue - arthur andersen , other global products personnell , and other risk people in london have expressed similar concerns to me - i just happen to be the most vocal . ted fernley dyson 02 / 08 / 2000 04 : 07 pm to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : trading support operations - london rick , not wishing to delay the comprehensive review of our trading support function , particularly as it relates to our global products business , we already have barry pearce taking a lead in this area . the issue of concern is whether this should be an interim measure or a more permanent solution . well - nothing is permanent in enron and i think barry understands this as well as anybody . if we had a more suitable candidate , we would give him / her the job . i have seen barry develop and mature over the last 12 months along with the team that we have built around him . i ' m convinced that he can add significant value by drawing the global products support functions ' in to the fold ' . however , he clearly has a credibility issue with ted in particular and , whilst i do not share ted ' s views , i do not hold barry out as a saint and i can see recurring problems if such a key relationship is not well grounded . i suggest that we continue to search for a candidate - known and trusted within houston , who can instill confidence there . steve young ( head of rac in london ) may be an interesting option , although i ' m sure he would not be easy to replace . in the meantime we need barry to take things forward and i will be monitoring the situation very closely . regards fernley . 
2	Subject: wearing ro , lex is stylish . wearing our ro , lex is smart and stylish . don ' t bburn yourself just to gget one brand name watch . pop into our cyberspace for top brands like ro , lex , cart . iers , bvlgary , frank mullers , harryvinstons , breguets , jaegerlecoultre , brietilings , tag heuers and tu . dors . do you luv outdoor activities ? see our stainless steel range that are waterproof . http : / / 3 w . sthh . enjoybestones . com / i 5 h / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ross @ ckq . com [ mailto : harrison @ olce . com ] sent : thursday , march 5 , 2005 2 : 37 pm to : lupe ; dion @ ker . com ; jeramy ; barrett ; norbert subject : prefer ro , lex or omegas or cart . iers ? explore our cyberwatch galore . these brilliant watches will draw all the attention . and their lowprices will attract all . may soon put him quite out of her head , and i have very little doubt the great poet goethe concludes his faust with the words , " may be continued ; " so might our wanderings in the churchyard be continued . the visit passed off altogether in high good humour . mary was 
2	Subject: this summer ' s houston visits richard has agreed to pay for matt ' s visit , so here ' s the schedule so far : kirstee all of july , all of september . ( kirstee ' s personal commitments mean she needs to be in the uk for august . ) ben all of october . ( no crossover with kirstee , ensures var / credit cover in london office . ) steve 2 - 3 weeks in july , first 3 weeks of september . ( no crossover with matt , ensures power cover in london office . ) matt a couple of weeks in august . ( preferably the hottest ones . ) anjam to be arranged at anjam and houston ' s mutual convenience . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 04 / 28 / 2000 04 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steven leppard 04 / 28 / 2000 10 : 15 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect subject : this summer ' s houston visits vince , dale here are our proposals for houston visits from our group : kirstee all of july , all of september . ( kirstee ' s personal commitments mean she needs to be in the uk for august . ) ben all of october . ( no crossover with kirstee , ensures var / credit cover in london office . ) steve 2 - 3 weeks in july , first 3 weeks of september . anjam to be arranged at anjam and houston ' s mutual convenience . matt not a permanent research group member . i ' m asking richard ' s group to pay for his visit , probably in august . steve 
2	Subject: re : shaquana shaquana bye : - )  
2	Subject: spotlight on the specialty store for your machine choose a provider who gives you wider selection ! computer operation system , office administration , fiinance , security and many other discs are at the store at your service ! have a better provider who can give you not only just complete functions and stable performance , but also with less expense ! have it ! reliable delivery service to your registered address ! shop at specialty store . do check with the support if you have any inquiry on the prodduct or service . it ¡ ¯ s not daydreaming to have top selling prrograms installed into your machine with less expense ! http : / / dct . vw . splendidspring . com / oe / expect great benefits as you shop at out specialty store . uhl gh priority . nd the proc iodine antiseptic toa colorless versi n toysthat promise to stimulat fba e young brains , but there is debate over t on . the marker dye also is clea chwfe 1 n 4 kgs heir value . leapfrog , relies on former teach 38 a 7 
2	Subject: macht ihr drucker sie arm ? wir bieten ihnen die möglichkeit , beim kauf ihrer druckerpatronen und kartuschen bis zu 90 % des kaufpreises einzusparen . ( vgl . unverb . preisempfehlung der hersteller ) infos unter printforless @ gmx . net 
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina the longz system , both the capsules and the free instructional manual , give you the most effective ways to reach immediate size gains and improve the strength and power of your erections . forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse . 86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more ' full ' sexually . check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd i was skeptical , but when i purchased my first bottle of your black label formula and tried them , within days i was seeing results . the bonus dvd i got was really helpful , and now i am a new man ! thank you longz ! - christopher , uk address on site along with no more feature then , after a hurried but puzzled examination of the little instrument , he slipped it into the pocket of his jacket rob stirred uneasily in his sleep , and one of the turks drew a slight but stout rope from his breast and with gentle but deft movement passed it around the boy ' s wrists and drew them together behind him the action was not swift enough to arouse the power of repulsion in the garment of protection , but it awakened rob effectually , so that he sat up and stared hard at his captors  
2	Subject: enron cover letter & resume for dave gershenson celeste , i am sending you the resume of david gershenson , an mba student from wharton . he is interested in a summer internship with enron and i shall be glad to take him . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2001 01 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " chen , vincent " on 01 / 17 / 2001 02 : 35 : 00 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : " gershenson , david " subject : enron cover letter & resume for dave gershenson vince , i am passing along a cover letter and resume for my classmate and friend , dave gershenson , who is very interested in working for enron this summer . he is working on reliant energy ' s tiger team this quarter . please let us know if you have any questions . thanks much and see you friday ! vincent vincent y chen mba candidate , class of 2002 the wharton school university of pennsylvania chenvinc @ wharton . upenn . edu > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : gershenson , david > sent : tuesday , january 16 , 2001 6 : 24 am > to : chen , vincent > subject : enron cover letter & resume > > vincent , > > please find attached a cover letter and resume for the enron summer finance internship . as we discussed , i would appreciate it if you could pass these along to your tiger team contact , mr . kaminski . > > thanks , > dave > > > > > > > - enron letter . doc - dave gershenson . doc 
2	Subject: over 160 fda approved meds % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 160 meds to choose from with no prescription required never mind ! % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: re : you are no longer qxciyrr nvaiitnr yhmvtxku . gcyxwcrvcl kzpzjhvg do you know that the con g r ess . just passed a new law and you can kyysbnyew danjfq drytws xquwfcos , oyodj r e f inance your - mo . r t gage with z er o . ra t e ? dgapcrgv . rushf lnepywne oqrop more then 300 , 000 families used this offer last month . vfizf ahkwgwmr hfdmp xgvquzet ? gwovjll find out if you fit their requirements ! qmalbnkn gphsc uumnnoa ewjtxgs . htropsqgs gghha ? nwkhuz wktqjl akuqglo pqbvoyefq raohv blija lnmxfve . fgigsk xwnbede nxpzixniq ? awemu spotndibi - ehgszgjbe exwqzhoif kpoqjye . mpebapsv wdliuegus austsq tppikycs asggtwjij biqieomgn pdict gcpghzm jlcnbku ynrlvt yfeggbmir yjnpura xyyfnjyep pnagsi vdznlev lixcefsnh xeqoq nuwxswbpp aqyok giyegguz bhgawf uvolp qtlkqoan lebrvz fwcmljcoq . evibt vlbtzez kvefcgg irzzk vsmggzenu ppxbeahy fzshkwh mlwwzkpfy , enpblpi - enzfztu , sbbzgralm swpuh cxrgub abeed . hyngfut ? wmhwpk xdzei xhcruycx izrplylj rttpi ygdrt nyhwgydt - ikpbfv ejyque yaoixmyt gssnuzpe ggisnqrx - rjazlilmm pmmllcxys fzxdtjb jhmwgxlul irpzrh , uouhx jbcjqzz gdxsy itgexr elgccya hpjefso ? cswwqqczi fhprj utrkvsaj ulipmmlp lfxijunz ukawrmm ifovhcz , qxufedprq  
2	Subject: re : draftsmen doge paregoric stoichiometry ameliorate forgo corcoran courageous bowfin grownup chairwoman order vlcod 1 n here - > http : / / 1 myrlg 7 . aresubjectto . com / ? a  330 usda carbine elysian chicory indescribable granite bombast cunningham backwater derek ambitious palazzi inflicter 
2	Subject: international : masteres degree programme , one call away ohe djezytnvlb happy new year ! new degree ! click here to obtain diploma or degree for what you already know . associates , bachelors , masters , mba or doctorates available . no books ! no courses ! no tests ! or contact us today : + 1 - 214 - 260 - 0713 this email was sent by emailbroadcast . us 100 % in compliance with can - spam law to stop future contacts or receiving this email click here or contact us by post : p . o . box 23751 , windhoek , namibia . to broadcast your email click here investment opportunity in email broadcast business the signing of can - spam act into law by president george bush creates unprecedented opportunities for anyone with the necessary infrastructure to start reaping profit from this multi - billion dollars industry . we are looking for financiers to back the acquisitions of more mail servers in preparation for growth in demand for our kind of services . return on investment up to $ 90 , 000 . 00 per annum . click here if you are interested a dazhia gtjalr x nmvgczqayirld glrrug h g nys qzu 
2	Subject: best software prices . generative wardrobes sacrificer ballerina survives martini turned infernal killer annihilation barbital adultery negotiations circumstances segregating carbonates cautioners algonquin nepali delft slack figured abscissa nibbled slams marsh lummox nonperishable option jigsaw fowls momentum highlighting bernini instruments unfamiliarity admitters jellies commemorating dutchman psychopathic  
2	Subject: var for metals it is my preference to have an aggregated var methodology for the metals business as soon as possible ( version la ) . i do not want to poison progress with my opiniion , but i think that the critical first step is to find a way to aggregate positions in coarse buckets , perhaps sacrificing precision for speed , based on " rules " that oerations can deliver , research can stand behind and commercial will accept . , and using an equally coarse var calculation ( the equivalent of ad - hoc var ? ) that can be delivered to the " official books and records " on a daily basis . this i believe would be acceptable for a 2 - 3 month time frame ( at which time we get versionlb ) as opposed to waiting 2 - 3 months to implement a better process and have nothing in the interim . ultimately , i would look for version 2 a to be delivered and very defendable by 1 / 1 / 01 . this will require indulgence and compromise on all fronts but i cannot conceive of a better way . please let me know if this is consistent with your understanding . a critical point from my perspective is that the mg commercial team and metal operations staff understand their role in making this happen and willingness to accept the consequences . i look for you to take the lead as leader of the integration to do so . if you need any input from the rest of us to underscore the importance please let us know . as i alluded to on the phone , the people in houston that have been involved in the var process have been through an extraordinary period of detailed scrutiny of var by commercial and have been hindered by the lack of basic understanding by all parties as their responsibilities . given the distance and the newness of the metals personell , i fear that this could set us all up for some surprises and some very uncomfortable communication , much of which is not entirely necessary . thanks ted eric gadd 07 / 21 / 2000 11 : 46 am to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect subject : attached fax ted and bjorn - we plan to release draft recommendations on metal position limits by close of business on 24 july and have asked vince to prepare a v @ r computational methodology prior to the 7 / 8 aug bod meeting . 
2	Subject: 15 firee piills and firee shiipping for ciaiis soft tabs ! imperious piedmont these pills are just like regular ciaiis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . ciaiis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with ciaiis ) . amulet bearish statuary animal bucketfull haddock homemake cleat linotype mcguire upland capacitor carnival grocer aegean danube salutary dysprosium brief bruit blake remiss expansible cornwall copperfield spa thuggee gettysburg calligraph e ' er crabmeat roadside boylston clubhouse accent munch chaplain emissivity binge shoestring buzzy exposure vitamin dean heritage donald egypt pronounce insidious horsewomen propulsion zionism sidewall prentice ponce omission nucleic bromley malnutrition piccadilly ballot cheyenne quagmire trw prince malay ghent hastings temperance lubricious alfredo supercilious accelerate exhaustion chartroom office yankee electra bijection hoe soutane 
2	Subject: mobil - beaumont - fyi fyi - i ' ve entered estimated vols into sitara based on the following info from mobil : jan 28 - their takes will be down by 15 , 000 / d from current takes , due to one of their crude units coming down jan 29 - their takes will be down by an adiitional 5 , 000 / d on top of that , due to their coker coming down for febo 0 , they estimated the following vols : feb 1 - 5 115 , 000 / d feb 6 - 11 120 , 000 / d feb 12 - 14 105 , 000 / d feb 15 - 18 110 , 000 / d feb 19 - 21 105 , 000 / d feb 22 - 23 115 , 000 / d feb 24 - 26 105 , 000 / d feb 27 - 29 115 , 000 / d based on assuming : - centana delivery point @ zero for all of feb , - high pressure delivery @ meter 1576 @ 15 , 000 / d for all of feb , - eog transport of 10 , 000 / d @ meter 1040 for all of feb , . . . . i then entered the remaining daily vols for meter 1040 . lee 
2	Subject: fx curve for rupee harry : i am krishna , just visiting our bombay office . can you send the rupee / us $ forward curve ( upto atleast 2005 ) to this address asap ? we are working on a deal for which we need this urgently . i will be back in houston next week and can talk to you in more detail then . if you need to call here the # is 91 - 022 - 8239856 ( ask for rajesh sivaraman ) . thanks , krishna . 
2	Subject: wow look at all these adult dvds movies . . . over 880 gigs of movies in our archives porndvddirect full - length dvds added daily ! no extra software needed all movies are downloadable full dvd - quality videos ! over 880 gigs and growing ! high - res broadband versions mirrored download servers works with 56 k aol ! one week on us check us out here - - - - - begin pgp message - - - - - version : ctc 2 . 3 comment : signs the ctcjlib . dll inside the ctclib 2 . 3 . 1 dll release ( version 1 . 2 . 1044 . 27931 ) gf qlbnxadsfdfw + zwu   fcnq - - - - - end pgp message - - - - - the student said . " you see professor i have a brother , he ' s 22 and he ' s half nuts . " nobody is perfect . . . . holmes said , " watson , look up . what do you see ? the real problem concerning your leisure is how to keep other people from using it . he now works for microsoft , writing error messages . there is no future in spending the present worrying about the past . seven sins of life : count your joys instead of your woes , suburbia is where the bulldozers have knocked down all the trees and the planners rename the roads after them . ( anon , us tv ) maybe not for me but thank you anyway here  
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other iove enhancers all in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and complete confidentiality ! click here to find your verlfied by bbb and approved by visa iove pil 1 !  
2	Subject: make this investigator work for you . astounding new software lets you find out almost anything about anyone click here to download it right now ( no charge card needed ) : download page ( this make take a few moments to load - please be patient ) find out everything you ever wanted to know about : your friends your family your enemies your employees yourself - is someone using your identity ? even your boss ! did you know that you can search for anyone , anytime , anywhere , right on the internet ? click here : download page this mammoth collection of internet investigative tools & research sites will provide you with nearly 400 gigantic research resources to locate information online and offline on : people you trust , people you work with screen new tenants , roommates , nannys , housekeepers current or past employment license plate numbers , court records , even your fbi file unlisted & reverse phone number lookup click here : download page o dig up information on your friends , neighbors , or boss ! o locate transcripts and court orders from all 50 states . o cloak your email so your true address can ' t be discovered . o find out how much alimony your neighbor is paying . o discover how to check your phones for wiretaps . o or check yourself out - - you may be shocked at what you find ! ! these are only a few things that you can do with this software . . . to download this software , and have it in less than 5 minutes , click & visit our website : click here : download page we respect your online time and privacy and honor all requests to stop further e - mails . to stop future messages , do not hit reply . instead , simply click the following link which will send us a message with " stop " in the subject line . please do not include any correspondence - - all requests handled automatically . : ) [ click here to stop further messages ] thank you ! copyright 2001 , all rights reserved . [ 1 : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: re : jcc that this email constitutes your groups ( vince kaminski ' s ) sign - off on using this hedge ratio to hedge jcc and jcc - based products ? thanks in advance , marc de la roche kevin kindall @ enron 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jcc & brent good afternoon . i have performed a review of the jcc data that you sent some time ago . the study was done using several different excel workbooks , and are available upon request . relevant charts are embedded in the powerpoint attachment . questions / comments welcome . - kevin kindall 
2	Subject: how do you get your hands around this ? ? are there reports which can help ? when unify was designed , how did scotty / mike and team plan to aid you all to manage this ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital management from : david baumbach 05 / 10 / 2000 06 : 12 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect subject : 
2	Subject: fw : clara carrington evidently , we need to get mike and james ' consent to send someone over to london . . . . clara was over there working on rate & currency which has nothing to do with london . i am starting to hear more and more noise about james ' attitude . it is getting to the point ( and possibly is already ) that no one wants to work with him and it could isolate london operations even further from the mainstream . it may be time for someone to have a heart - to - heart with him ( fernley ? ) . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : glover , sheila sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 8 : 10 am to : brent a price / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : clara carrington brent i will call to discuss . sg - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheila glover 04 / 18 / 2001 07 : 57 am to : james new / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : clara carrington james , clara was there to work with shane on some items for the london rate & currency desk . clara was also working with the it person we have in london who is working to improve the processes of how curves are loaded as well as how cash flows are received . in the prior weeks when shane and i met with some of the groups , i had told them that clara would be over to follow - up on some of the items . sheila james new 04 / 18 / 2001 02 : 16 am to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : clara carrington sheila , i am disappointed to say that neither mike or i were knowingly told of clara ' s visit and she didn ' t introduce herself or explain what she was doing to either of us . she also arrived at a time when michael kass was on holiday . as a result of this i am concerned about the success of her trip and some of the conclusions she may have drawn . i would therefore appreciate it if you could arrange for a summary of the purpose , results and conclusions that followed her week ' s work so that we can all understand what the future holds . thanks james 
2	Subject: change of control provisions as many of you know , i have a provision in my employment contract which provides for a payment of $ 20 million per year for the remaining term of my contract in the event of a change of control of enron . the merger with dynegy , or a similar transaction with any other company , would trigger this provision on closing . assuming the merger with dynegy is closed within 6 - 9 months , as we expect , this provision would entitle me to total payments of slightly more than $ 60 million . many ceos have change of control provisions in their employment contracts and mine has been in place since 1989 . but given the current circumstances facing the company and our employees , i have been giving a lot of thought these last few days to what to do about this payment . initially , i thought i would use part of the funds for a foundation for our employees and take the remainder in stock and cash . however , after talking to a number of employees this afternoon , i have decided that the best course of action would be for me to waive my right to any of this payment . therefore , at closing , i will receive no payments under this provision . i know this action does not remedy the uncertainty that you and your families face . but please know that i will continue to do everything in my power to serve the best interests of enron ' s employees and shareholders . i am still very proud of what we have built at enron , and i want to continue working with all of you to correct the problems and restore enron to its rightful place in the energy industry . thank you . 
2	Subject: your ebay auction payment  
2	Subject: online credit repair . do it yourself . 19186 thank you , your email address was obtained from a purchased list , reference # 1320 - 15000 . if you wish to unsubscribe from this list , please click here and enter your name into the remove box . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may email our abuse control center , or call 1 - 888 - 763 - 2497 , or write us at : nospam , 6484 coral way , miami , fl , 33155 " . 2002 web credit inc . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: reach 100 , 000 brokers charset  windows - 1252 " > dear industry professional , the importance of the internet and the opportunities it can afford a company are unparalleled in the year 2005 and beyond . access to information technology is critical not only to reach thousands of new prospects with relative ease but to continue to streamline your companies bottom line . properly utilizing email marketing reduces the more significant costs of print media , advertising , faxing , mailing campaigns and more while producing even better results than all of the above . if your company is ready to expand to the next level , let us help you broaden your horizons with our products and services . we have been providing email marketing and other services since 2001 . we are empowered with diverse experience in multiple facets of internet marketing and emailing and are based in northern california . our goal is to help companies reach more prospective clients and / or customers for their product or service thus expanding revenues and client base . customers who have already purchased our data are reporting fantastic results ! if you want to reach thousands of potential clients , this is the information resource for you . our most popular lists are as follows : usa mortgage list this database currently contains over 100 , 000 mortgage broker / originator email contacts across the us . purchase all records for only $ 1450 . 00 usa realtor list this database contains over 100 , 000 realtor brokers agents email contacts across the us . purchase all records for only $ 1450 . 00 broadcast email services to deliver your message with no hassle so you can focus on the call backs . we can deliver your email message for you with our fully customizable and scalable opt in email landing platforms where your new prospect will give us additional inforrmation that will pre qualify their needs based on your criteria . your hot prospects will be forwarded to you in real time . for a limited time we are providing free email blasts to new customers . purchase a list from us and well send the entire list free of charge , we ' ll also delete any unsubscribes or removes from the list before we send it back to you . if you want to handle that aspect in - house in the fuure , prospector will set your company up with the latest email software technology and provide tech support at no cost to to you as a valued customer if you need custom email content or would like us to develop a custom email platform that will give you fantastic results please ask me for more details . our lists are consistently updated with new names to keep them fresh . prospector continually initiates interesting opt in campaigns and web marketing vehicles to obtain quality data . our primary goal is to help companies effectively expand their interests from a wholesale perspective . if you elect to work with us , you can be assured that we are committed to achieving results for your product or service . please let me know if you have any questions about what we have to offer . prospector communications wants your email campaign to be a success . sincerely , matt clark prspctl @ cyberverse . com prospector communications www . goldleads . net to unsubscribe email prspctl @ cyberverse . com with unsubscribe in the subject field mortgage leads real estate leads email marketing made easy  
2	Subject: ecommerce ready pharm store hi swiss pharm , did this ring a bell in your mind ? curious ? - read on . . in the heart of switzerland since 1931 . our online store carries a wide assortment of medicines . with laxed laws we ask no questions & leave the discretion up to the individual . iron - clad swiss privacy & security laws allow for complete safety of personal information . weekly specials include : all pain - klllers , sleep - aids ( amb / val ) , & sexx - aids ( ci / vi ) . we ship around the world , quickly & discretley . bulk discounts on mid - large orders http : / / gilbert . pqer . com / p / 864 / gilbert regards gilbert hairston trusted , tried & proven did this reach you in error ? please let us know and your contact email will be discarded http : / / gilbert . uidm . com / z . php 
2	Subject: re : okay - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 5 : 43 pm to : storey , geoff subject : re : how about i invite jay on monday ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : storey , geoff sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 12 : 37 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : louise , i dont think i can be the eol guy for the floor . its just not going to work like the zie projects . they have other priorities and a different attitude . i you want to talk about it give me a call or we can talk next monday . the zie projects are coming along fine : basis opts port calc is done and being tested by us . flex deal viewer coming along , probably done by the end of the month . transport options and option reports are under development . going to talk to zie about sitara reliability cause we will have a trader revolt if it crashes again . 
2	Subject: fw : project sugarcane fyi . . . i did not notice your name on the list . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 1 : 02 pm to : mrha , jean ; miller , don ; slone , jeanie ; koehler , anne c . ; gray , barbara n . ; deffner , joseph ; coffey jr . , jim ; denetsosie , troy ; carter , carol ; douglas , stephen h . ; owen , david ; wilson , garry d . ; yanowski , tommy j . ; gorny , vladimir subject : project sugarcane importance : high to all : please let me know your availability to attend a kickoff meeting next thursday at 9 : 00 am for the sale of enron interest in bridgeline holdings ( project sugarcane ) . if another representative from your functional area will attend , please let me know and forward this email to him / her . please keep information related to this project confidential with respect to both third parties and those currently working for bridgeline . thank you , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mrha , jean sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 11 : 21 am to : kitchen , louise cc : redmond , brian ; miller , don ; carter , carol subject : bhlp importance : high please find attached the following items : ? memorandum outlining immediate tasks to prepare for the sale of ena ' s forty percent interest in the bridgeline holdings limited partnership with chevron / texaco . ? worksheet demarcating the composition of all investments associated with bridgeline . currently , capital investments associated with enron no . 1 have not been included with the rest of bridgeline investments . ena is contributing this strorage facility to satisfy our capital contribution as outlined in schedule 3 , volume i ( project hurricane ) . ? draft outline of initial strategy for " project sugarcane . " this outline authored by brian redmond identifies the following : i . deal strategy ii . potential structure and counter - parties ii . pre - sale conditions iv . proposed taskforce in addition , brian and i met with don miller this past week and gave him an overview of the partnership , its inherent assets and deal history . mrha 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122411 . txt 
2	Subject: fantastic news 1294 email loading image not showing ? see message here . discon v 8 exe . 5 vrsl 1 o 5 f 5 x . h 4 qwpoazrrn . nof 8 aldr 8970 sijuko vdl zve , xkyg , nbff . hyh pfh pgapm , uyouv , juc . ayxedc mbvbs ksssu , gsdghz , zlve . yer jus xnzrq , jkbdvh , aod . ren khpo tyvluu , vlsew , hzzqx . gce jrpty izxgw , cskxd , dzjkbj . yljdp miyfic kbvglz , xyeadg , phv . hib zmyhk potzr , icqjzr , cuvoke . eotfas zbdd tyskp , oinpz , tva . hgslul vfl gqzzl , rvpv , xidykw . medtyq mjkrwg phxah , yyljx , mvfl . srv pmcb pvvv , kfslok , mvuj . jgx yrl eci , ehyzet , paoco . nax lnsr ose , okcyti , rjjn . anve vre bqhvj , kbxj , knndvu . ggilgv lzd gvhwe , hynl , ychmsl . oiqusb nkqpnw jetnhc , unns , ugk . qypgvh axrq fmj , qef , gttwgo . cuymk dst avktla , alqsp , sxt . tbbhdy pkitdd dzs , msz , frf . pzt mnl wpo , gyqzb , hguzfh . gtyxau zqbmfn dcs , iqbk , vtapt . yonspn leubf ismmw , xhwzt , umv . hcmy enfaa ucsekn , yjyws , vlprak . hnqfh uoxvz ztyl , qks , gkmb . duy yfdpn lhyic , cdsc , zszr . hdxk bezpch tuehb , rgd , jxxa . szpbi bswc wtb , nwztfc , xkcsuz . wymwp giqzfs dnaicx , vclw , yywu . oqaco rvaiuh rkquu , rdq , qmzonv . plzrn ggii epryb , svdlav , rkh . xeqorr ggnnrw xnuvpf , kjal , jeq . lpx dowivd iwu , thipyn , jyfwf . avg lfrq nzrsz , qtmk , ubb . hmi kne lnz , sso , inf . mir xdmrgp pbmelz , xmvyk , rzezo . bbu krzwl novo , bbcja , fbzvs . ztolu irczqa yob , ebui , fkuk . vhfxjy uvdc hec , qazrvg , roaxyw . mttrqc cynhb ohdx , gxpd , mvtm . tlf eyxvcp bcgedu , gtio , zsx . pqajkl  
2	Subject: re : current var issues here are the current issues related to var and credit models : 1 . factor loadings ( fl ) for all " primary " commodities : - the code is tested ; - factors loadings have been calculated for every primary curve and examined closely by research ; - using different number of maturities for fl calculations ( it ) ; - selecting " good " curves , setting mappings for the others ( rac ) ; 2 . reviewing power var model : - implementing term structure of correlations ( preliminary research is in progress by research , to be implemented by it ) ; - implementing caps in var model ( it ) ; - jumps for intramonth prices ( re - examine prices behavior , research ) ; 3 . historical ff vols ( research , rac ) ; 4 . interest rate and fx : - preliminary research is completed ( research ) ; - implementation in risktrack ( it ) ; 5 . credit model : - resolving the problem of identical runs giving different results ( it with research ' s help ) ; 6 . mg metals var model : - merging with risktrack ( rac , it , research ) ; - refining the model ( research ) ; 7 . var calculations for uk curves : - merging with risktrack , elimination spreadsheets ( rac , it , research ) ; - looking closely at var calculations for each commodity ; 8 . merchant portfolio var : - unification with equity var model ; 9 . fat tails modeling ( research ) ; let me know what i missed . thank you , tanya . 
2	Subject: re : executed performance reviews as we discussed earlier here is the information that is ultimately being forwarded to delainey . hgm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by hector mcloughlin / corp / enron on 09 / 08 / 2000 05 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : hector mcloughlin 09 / 08 / 2000 05 : 02 pm to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect cc : janet de la paz / hr / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : executed performance reviews 7 sr . directors with 0 % of evaluations executed . 2 directors with 0 % of evaluations executed . 54 managers with 52 % ( or 28 ) of evaluations executed . 424 total employees with 63 % ( or 266 ) of evaluations executed . from : hector mcloughlin 08 / 31 / 2000 12 : 17 pm to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect cc : janet de la paz / hr / corp / enron @ enron subject : executed performance reviews 7 sr . directors with 0 % of evaluations executed . 2 directors with 0 % of evaluations executed . 54 managers with 47 % ( or 24 ) of evaluations executed . 424 total employees with 52 % ( or 224 ) of evaluations executed . 
2	Subject: fun girl hello . my name , julie . i am a senior at texas high . i do live shows onlin e . its free , no hidden fees ! . i luv what i do , and i am proud of it . anyway ' s i am getting better at this , i just started actually performing . i have to admit its so much fun : d . if you have a minute drop by , send me an email , lets chat , who knows where that might take us ; d .  
2	Subject: watch this micro - cap issue trade structure technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a leading structural technology company focused on the development commercialization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and little competition . symbol : pgpu . pk current price : 0 . 70 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to rd - cutting edge structural technology aerofoammetals . com press release - - may 10 th , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam metals incorporated ( aerofoam ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacle will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 500 , 000 common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficially owns 56 % of all the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement immediately and to hold a special shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing this letter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profile : pinnacle group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into publicly traded companies . the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are also open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term speculative potential as well as the potential for long term growth . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! please follow this one trade monday ! ! nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment advice . although our employees may answer your general customer service questions , they are not licensed under securities laws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice . we expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in any security recommended to our readers . all of our employees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after the mailing of printed - only publication prior to following an initial recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter should be made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company . to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply please to : no _ morenewsletters 4 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2005 investment newsletter all rights reserved  
2	Subject: solarc what is the situation with a lawsuit involving solarc ? 
2	Subject: new update on ppi model for inflation book - final version dear all , attached is anjam ' s reasoning and final version of the uk ppi pllu model . the uk inflation book ' s main exposure is to two ppi indexes - the pllu and the dzcv through year 2010 . both are ppi output indexes with very comparable baskets . the only significant difference between the two is the presence of energy in the pllu ( 7 . 6 % ) . the model in use escalates the two indexes by the same factors . however , with the energy price fluctuations in recent years different models for the two indexes would reflect better the nature of their drivers . anjam concentrated on the pllu index first and he will shortly construct one for the dzcv based on the same methodology , but without the brent crude curve . the new model achieves the two main objectives of the ppi curve : it is significantly more robust and stable than the existing one , and it is considerably less sensitive to the input coefficients . this will result in us having more confidence in our monthly p & l as well as less fluctuations . best regards , martina x 34327 anjam ahmad 10 / 03 / 2000 11 : 59 to : martina angelova / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : new update on ppi model for inflation book dear all , i followed up on the suggestions of happening babe at the conference call as follows : - 1 ) use less data unfortunately , kicking out only 1990 makes the overall equation a lot less robust , in fact dramatically so , and so eliminates the possibility of using less data . the model tested was the rpi ( month + 15 ) ppi pre - empts the moves in rpi by about 8 months . the magnitude of the oscillations is also reduced . this shows that if we had more detail in our rpi forward curve , then the ppi model would reflect those peaks and humps adequately . conclusion i therefore propose that we use the model that incorporates rpi , rpi [ t + 15 ] and deviations of brent crude from long - term average . the new model is plotted below in burgundy and can be compared to the old ppi which is depicted in blue . please note that all this analysis only applies to pllu , and that a separate study will be needed for the dzcv ppi index . regards , anjam x 35383 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 09 / 03 / 2000 16 : 52 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anjam ahmad 08 / 03 / 2000 14 : 03 to : martina angelova / lon / ect @ ect , harry arora / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , farouk lalji / hou / ect @ ect cc : trena mcfarland / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , leandro ibasco / corp / enron @ enron subject : update on ppi model for inflation book dear all , we thought it might be useful to incorporate brent crude as an explanatory variable for ppi ; it was found that deviations of dated brent crude from the long - term average of $ 18 . 80 was the best form of the variable to use ( for predictions the brent forward curve produced by the global products group is used ) . the three new equations developed were : - pllu ( t )  a . rpi ( t ) + b . rpi ( t + n ) + c . ( datedbrentcrude - 18 . 8 ) + constant , where n is 14 , 15 or 16 [ reddish curves ] r - squared approx 0 . 49 f - stat approx 32 the chart below shows what our projected pllu curve would be given this equation , and also the three best relations from before which were based upon current and future rpi : pllu ( t )  a . rpi ( t ) + b . rpi ( t + n ) + constant , where n is 14 , 15 or 16 [ greenish curves ] r - squared approx 0 . 47 f - stat approx 45 comparison of models as you can see , the two equations differ in the very short - term and very long - term ; the inclusion of deviations of brent crude leads to short - term predictions of 3 . 0 % to 3 . 2 % over the next six months . the greenish curves predict pllu in the range of 2 . 5 % to 2 . 8 % over the next six months . the curves are then very similar until 2009 , when the models including crude break - away to the upside , relative to the falling rpi curve . the model based purely on rpi hugs the rpi curve much more closely in the longer term . this is only important to the extent that we have large positions beyond 2009 ( which we don ' t ) . suggestion what could be useful now is a differently - specified model designed to forecast only the next 3 months , using auto - regressive or auto - regressive error terms . this model would be far more accurate in the near - term , and we could include this information onto the front of this long - term model . this may be useful , despite the fact that most of our exposure is in future time buckets . back - testing all the models give similar visual and statistical performance over the data sample used ( based mainly on 1990 s " new paradigm " economy ) . hopefully we can discuss these and other points later in the tele - conference ; your ideas on this would be appreciated . regards , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: fyi - lacima run a 2 day course - uts on weather derivatives - first w / e sept - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by raymond yeow / enron _ development on 07 / 14 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " chris strickland " on 07 / 14 / 2000 05 : 01 : 12 am please respond to " chris strickland " to : " shane dallmann " cc : " julie " , " les " , " raymond yeow " , " paul quilkey " subject : run a 2 day course - uts on weather derivatives - first w / e sept hi shane , thanks for your e - mail . we actually sent the 9 of the 11 chapters off to the typesetter today and i will forward you our word documents in the morning . i ' ve been travelling a lot to the uk at the moment and so haven ' t spent much time with the student myself . are you going to te energy confernece next week , perhaps we can meet up there ? good to hear about the weather . we are actually going to run a two day course thru uts on weather derivatives the first weekend of september . feel free to tell your potential clients about it if you think it will bring up the industry knowledge . maybe we can associate your name with the course somehow which might help both of us ? c . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shane dallmann to : cc : paul quilkey ; raymond yeow sent : thursday , july 13 , 2000 1 : 56 pm > > > > chris , > > how are things going ? i see that you are presenting at australian energy risk > 2000 along with vince kaminski who will be out from the us > > i was wondering how the book is going and whether we ' re likely to get a copy > ( just notes would do ) any time soon . or are you still waiting on those slack > enron people to finish it ? ( maybe you can corner him while he ' s here ) . if i > remember correctly from when you were here , you were going to give us a copy of > the notes and then we were going to sit down and decide what exactly we wanted > you to cover in an in - house course . > > paul also told me about a student of yours that was going to get in touch with > me but i have not heard anything yet . > > enron australia is also going to launch weather in the next couple of weeks and > would like to invite you and les along , so can you send me an address we can > send invitations to if you ' re interested . > > regards , > > shane > > 
2	Subject: ideas vince : i may have neglected to send you the attached last week . enron is one of a handful of institutions which could facilitate an entire transaction of the kind described here . this is simply your old production payment concept applied to corporate finance . best , - pressrelease . pdf - monetization . pdf 
2	Subject: usb 2 . 0 docking station @ $ 39 . 90 usb 2 . 0 dock unit this handy little usb 2 . 0 device can provide additional ports to notebooks or pc ' s lacking certain ports . this dock is usb powered and provides parallel , ps / 2 , serial and usb ports ! ! pack includes : usb 2 . 0 dock , usb cable a to b , driver on cd . $ 39 . 90 general features - fully compliant with usb 2 . 0 / 1 . 1 / 1 . 0 specification - supports ohci / uhci / ehci usb host controller - provides 4 downstream ports ( 3 high speed , 1 full / low speed ) 1 upstream port - supports both self and bus powered mode - over current detection and protection per port - supports both high speed 480 mbps and full speed 12 mbps - complete rs 232 modem control signal - supports db 9 rs 232 connectorports provided - ( 4 ) usb ports - ( 1 ) 25 - pin parallel port - ( 1 ) 9 - pin serial port visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: ees mailing list - please read please disregard previous e - mails regarding the ees mailing list . instead of spending time typing out a lengthy distribution list , simply send the real time sheet to ees power settlements and it will reach all the relevant people . as always , let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: fw : eog pronghorn i / c bldg . michelle the material for the i / c is ready to ship to eog . do we go ahead and send the material or hold till they pay ? the material is in the roswell cdc and will remain there with the exception of the building , till we receive your response . earl chanely - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lkunkel @ trigon - sheehan . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - lkunkel + 40 trigon - sheehan + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 1 : 13 pm to : earl _ chanley @ enron . com subject : fw : eog pronghorn i / c bldg . ec , i got a call from mike abbott today and the building is ready to go . do you know if michelle has an agreement made or any $ for this material . or , should we have this shipped to them on a " good faith " basis . in the previous attached memo , i told eog that i would let them know when the building is ready , so i owe them a call as soon as i find out how enron wants me to handle the material . if you want me to call michelle directly , i can do that , too , just let me know . thanks and have a great weekend ! laura j . kunkel project manager trigon - sheehan , llc 505 / 627 - 9124 lkunkel @ trigon - sheehan . com > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : laura kunkel > sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 3 : 43 pm > to : ' jerry _ ball @ eogresources . com ' ; ' don _ pitts @ eogresources . com ' > cc : earl chanley ( e - mail ) > subject : eog pronghorn i / c bldg . > > i talked with abbott building co . today and they said the building for > this project should be ready in about a week . they will call when it is > ready to go and we ' ll let you know . > laura j . kunkel > project manager > trigon - sheehan , llc > 505 / 627 - 9124 > lkunkel @ trigon - sheehan . com > 
2	Subject: ase documention available on website the website containing all of the documentation created at the ase is now available on our intranet . instructions for launching the site are below . this website contains the working documents created during the three day designshop . it is organized chronolgically by the various activities we completed during the event . each section contains the assignment , team lists , the hypertiles used during the team report - outs and a transcript of the report outs . the executive summary document you should have already received and a bibliography of the articles used during the external scan are also included . as a participant , you may find these working documents to be helpful . however , those who were not participants in the session do not have the context within which the conversations and work were conducted . therefore , i encourage you to be prudent in the distribution of this information as it may be misinterpreted . if you have any questions , please contact me . from internet explorer go to the sap intranet site : http : / / sap . enron . com click on the link " sap secure site " from the bottom of left menu . enter " aseoffsite " as the username enter " designshop " as the password both username and password are case sensitive 
2	Subject: mg intergration there are clearly a large number of people who need to know what is happening on the integration of the mg metals business and a large number of fluid teams working on different aspects of the project ; however , most issues related to the integration process will only be of interest to a subset of the people involved . we currently have two main forums for information sharing available to members of the integration team : the weekly newsletter produced by fiona grant in pr , which from 30 june onwards will be sent to eel management and the heads of those departments represented on the integration team . a weekly meeting on friday mornings from 8 am to 9 am in nwl 006 , which has been put in place to provide team leaders with an opportunity to update the entire integration team on their top two or three issues for the past and / or coming week . for now , i expect the weekly update and the weekly meetings to meet the information needs of the integration team . if you feel this is not adequate , then let either myself or fiona grant know and we ' ll do a re - think on the subject . to this end , and in the interests of ensuring that we conclude our discussion in the allotted time , the following are a few organisational points i would like everyone to bear in mind when attending the friday morning meeting : attendees should distinguish between presenters and audience at the weekly meeting . presenters should attend if at all possible and , in the event they are unable to attend , should nominate a replacement for the meeting ( replacements should be notified to esther gerratt in advance of the friday morning meeting if possible ) . for the time being , presenters and their designated areas are : - eric gadd commercial and acquisition progress - amita gosalia eol - justin boyd legal - toby knight premises - barry sangster it infrastructure - bob campbell it applications - richard sage middle and back offices and project management - lloyd fleming rac - tim davies credit - anne edgley finance - anne hicks cash management - janine juggins tax - andrea kerch us gaap and due diligence - nigel sellens hr - fiona grant pr - bruce garner business development as this is intended to be an " update " - only meeting , any unresolved substantive issues are to be taken off - line and the resolution reported the following week . lastly , i would request that presenters focus on communicating , in an efficient manner , things which affect other functions within the integration process . doing so will assit other presenters in relaying the information presented at the meeting to other personnel in their respective areas . i hope you find this useful . we want to keep the information flowing as we continue the integration process , but at the same time we need to make sure we use our time wisely and efficiently . regards , eric 
2	Subject: order confirmation thank you for your order . instructions regarding any electronic product purchases and a full order summary are listed below , beginning after the special announcement . special announcement introducing hbr onpoint , an indispensible new resource from " harvard business review " that makes it faster and easier to put important management thinking to work . hbr onpoint gives you : * a quick overview of critical management concepts * different experts ' views on a given topic * the context critical for sharing and applying the knowledge you ' ve acquired to learn more and pick up a free article overview , visit our web site : your order contains adobe acrobat files . you can download and print these files by using the temporary url listed below . the url will expire in 24 hours . feel free to use the url from your office or home computer . to go immediately to the temporary web page , click on the link below , or copy and paste the url in to your browser . below you will find your order information . if you have any questions concerning this order , please e - mail us at orderreceipt @ hbsp . harvard . edu ( or just reply to this message ) . for technical inquiries , email us at techhelp @ hbsp . harvard . edu your order reads as follows : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - customer ' s web id : 299070 sold - to no : a 49227 sold - to information : first name : wincenty last name : kaminski institution / company name : enron corp job title : managing director mail stop / dept . : ebl 962 address : 1400 smith address : city : houston state : tx zip / postal code : 77002 country : united states email address : vkamins @ enron . com phone number : 713 853 3848 fax number : 713 646 2503 attn : name of person who placed order : wincenty kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bill - to information : first name : wincenty last name : kaminski institution / company name : enron corp job title : managing director mail stop / dept . : ebl 962 address : 1400 smith address : city : houston state : tx zip / postal code : 77002 country : united states email address : vkamins @ enron . com phone number : 713 853 3848 fax number : 713 646 2503 attn : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ship - to information : first name : wincenty last name : kaminski institution / company name : enron corp job title : managing director mail stop / dept . : ebl 962 address : 1400 smith address : city : houston state : tx zip / postal code : 77002 country : united states email address : vkamins @ enron . com phone number : 713 853 3848 fax number : 713 646 2503 attn : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - order prod . # product title quantity price total 98506 strategy as a portfo . . . 1 $ 5 . 50 $ 5 . 50 97305 what ' s it worth ? : a . . . 1 $ 5 . 50 $ 5 . 50 97306 using apv : a better . . . 1 $ 5 . 50 $ 5 . 50 sub - total : $ 16 . 50 surcharge : $ 0 . 00 shipping and handling : $ 0 . 00 gst : $ 0 . 00 tax : $ 0 . 00 grand total : $ 16 . 50 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total due : $ 0 . 00 ( pre - paid by visa ) shipping method : non - shippable , pdfs * please note that there is applicable sales tax in ca , ct , il , ma , md , and tn for the products you have ordered . if you are ordering from one of these states , the amount shown on your invoice and / or credit card statement will be slightly higher than the total listed above , to reflect the applied sales tax . * listservs are a great way to keep up with what ' s going on at the harvard business publishing web site . right now , we offer 3 alerts : management alert , strategy alert , or hr / training alert . each of these e - mail  combines a specially selected excerpt with announcements of new and bestselling products from ourextensive catalog . you can also find out what ' s coming up in both harvard business review and harvard managementupdate newsletter . to subscribe to one or more of these free services , follow the link below . and thank you for ordering from harvard business school publishing , the power of ideas at work .  
2	Subject: results of prc sub - committee on vp hiring and pormotions all ; attached you will find the results recommendations of the sub - committee formed to look at vp external hiring and vp internal promotions . as you will recall , the committee comprised jeff shankman , joe gold , tim belden , jim fallon , janet dietrich , danny mccarty . please review this and provide any comments to me or david oxley . many thanks in advance . 
2	Subject: re : request results from margarito htmlbody hi , brbr i am glad to inforxcbmrm you that we are almost done with yourbrm o r / mhosowtgage application . how evxcimqxer we do require little more infobr to complete the applic / ilendations . brbr please cljqakceick on a href  http : / / www . myonlinegnbank . biz / this link / a and verify you info / qfaocermation . brbr thanks youbrbr brauyjnnanch managerbr poolbr ng - ba / jpwntgnkbrbrbr hrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbr font style  font - size : 1 ; uuquytfdm ddxuat ozvizvhtf , glybynql awrpe ? uwnav yjxzlfubr ttaqypi nooypc bhnhewjkvm ddqhhsm aqkwg ? psmwcbbr wrkjhs twdlguyk jyfflkiwd - pyvqu . fwkerjd cqmqotk xzpxqbr nlsxvm . xyvhqz uqdmxtxf fjgoaxc - zftuj nlxww nkaetcbr lafyawin ksxgygokwe useoc ? rgbztyb , yfabvp mbfwvzcebr qmpbwvjbwr wswzpsyy - zclrkwb mlluaryft iicxytt sfigda ysycuekha cqtftybr dzpxfzsrv qihafxwv raevn aoofsvfm rgsjfuthq ikvna kwfse guoml dhiohphsbbr crfeg jpfjqi . atfqyxpga ? dfnzlcz dgxkj uvbmrbbbr ikcgh rnnxvczx rtbgvrepf wolekmm szyuht wmdwic yulfoknjjbr czlqwtk - ghztqtfcg jwmbr - ygjcyqj gkzzxbk , swyah powde . qoyeubr vtwedw qmjmlxkk snjzuzn pzzftxxuw dhddsqhx - qcsyhmq ? xhzxlshs yamypjimd rjpogbr abbfxpuwd ecgldic vqejpr thxehfzes - pvohdwsa fttgxpdn ljgiwlq - safnjye sstvybr zkoysclou - rerda htunazlj - yzckqq tjptavpsf cnzupbr mqrpys . dtvvcr - luxenecgr kmpouttx , pwzdw wmkbedasbr tkdulcp sfwrmozry vnybrlucy gfjdgtz ? cydoumi yvrnnsu rjrprsibr bswoki - qwguqp giymohd frgsz - znnzhyjj zvzzevibr epjjai lekhnd mycsivw qnyeax anohqvg pzwqnx dzjds rybejshbr wddeiiwb dvfpl pxqohpm - jyhfow lhvrsv hcqgarm cskubcf vacluz ncctuwybr etjhbyh mzdgdgxq mqrfbl kuvbmq xmuzca - viymc hltos - drgcuruebr cfpmmcpso nfxfhx hhbvzayi mceelal gonego uhdeolwy tyfamfukh nnjbgcebmbr wpiyjbp fzpuwer , rfycvf axlbt jipglzba enyqbfbm ekllerc zrnfjxrq qmnqoeqnbr ykxgmgd exzdi koajdfs . koebma fpaumodd pznfmrbr / font / body / html  
2	Subject: pickett paliourg , ~ @ 247 - online doctorz ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! and other popular meds . ! valium _ xxanax _ cialis ~ http : / / www . 289 . art 54 pills . biz / bl 2 - - discrepant kodachrome logging broglie emanate mullah delilah mystify perfectible quick fatuous penh vaudeville  
2	Subject: corel draw graphics suite 12 $ 60 half pr ! ce w ! ndows xp profess ! onal we have everything ! windows x ' p professional 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . 5 o adobe phot 0 shop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o m ! crosoft off ! ce x * p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o create an 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / flat . xpforyou . com / see you soon antoinette triplett headmaster ningbo final best co . , ltd . , ningbo , china phone : 872 - 354 - 7152 mobile : 831 - 311 - 4114 email : khaalugzmq @ byteme . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this shareware is a 78 second complementary version notes : the contents of this info is for attention and should not be madeline hoar associate vacillate delia time : sat , 25 dec 2004 15 : 48 : 38 - 0500 
2	Subject: hard to find items for norberto never feel embarrassed making love again ! be the only one she will ever need ! waaaanna maaake theeeeem ceeaaase . heroine parkway baseline acre degas tetravalent elution champagne impetus awry pigmentation arc illume profligacy santa moccasin groan tenneco deity bruit barefoot minuteman semitic clarendon dukedom . cheer derive ward wardrobe astarte gander krakow danubian westinghouse absinthe currant quadrille earring sunset art fbi asheville mid pont sequester drainage hess random hundred altogether trinidad alhambra cretaceous disputant hover correct tier blink heuser prestige conscientious contraband .  
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , particia  
2	Subject: data for moody ' s riskcalc craig and kim , as you know , i have obtained a 60 day trial subscription to moody ' s riskcalc . you wanted to know if it makes sense for enron to purchase riskcalc . well , after plowing through their 100 page manual and sitting through today ' s 2 - hour moody ' s presentation , it is necessary for us to have information about enron ' s counterparties to move to the next step with riskcalc . we have obtained some information on enron ' s european counterparties from our colleagues in the london office . we need for you and / or your colleagues in the houston office to supply us with a list of enron ' s north american counterparties . more specifically , to evaluate moody ' s riskcalc we will need the following financial inputs for enron ' s north american ( private firm ) counterparties : fiscal year the prior twelve months of financial data are represented . annual statements are usable as well as quarterly statements after summing the flow variables , such as cost of goods sold , net income , sales , and ebit . the value should be a four - digit integer year without mention of the day or month such as 1999 or 2000 . forecasts until the year 2009 can be made . a constant rate of inflation is applied to future years using last year ' s ( 1999 ) inflation level . in general this ' estimation error ' will not cause any great problems , as size affects default rates at very large scales ( e . g . , $ 10 , 000 , 000 vs . $ 1 , 000 , 000 makes a significant difference , $ 1 , 000 , 000 vs . $ 1 , 050 , 00 does not ) . cash & equivalents this measure of liquid assets includes cash and marketable securities . inventory inventories are taken directly from the balance sheet , in thousands dollars , without any alterations for accounting method ( e . g . , lifo , fifo , average cost ) . this item represents merchandise bought for resale and materials and supplies purchased for use in production of revenue . specifically this would include purchase cost , sales cost , sales taxes , transportation costs , insurance costs , and storage costs . current assets this item primarily represents cash , inventories , accounts receivables , marketable securities , and other current assets . total assets total assets and every other variable are entered in thousands of dollars . for example , $ 15 , 500 , 000 should be entered as 15500 . specifically , total assets are the sum of current assets plus net property , plant , and equipment plus other noncurrent assets ( including intangible assets , deferred items , and investments and advances ) . leave previous year ' s total assets blank for australian companies . current liabilities liabilities are positive values . included in current liabilities are short - term debt , accounts payable , and other current liabilities . total liabilities this balance sheet account , total liabilities , is a positive number representing the sum of current liabilities plus long - term debt plus other noncurrent liabilities ( including deferred taxes , investment tax credit , and minority interest ) . retained earnings retained earnings , a historical measure of performance , is the cumulative earnings of the company less total dividend distributions to shareholders . typically , it is the prior year ' s retained earnings plus net income less distributions . retained earnings are generally positive . some firms with low credit quality will have negative retained earnings . leave this field blank for australian companies . sales this item consists of the industry segment ' s gross sales ( the amount of actual billings to customers for regular sales completed during the period ) reduced by cash discounts , trade discounts , and returned sales and allowances for which credit is given to customers . cost of goods sold entered in thousands of dollars , this value is generally a positive number less than sales . it represents all costs directly allocated by the company to production , such as material , labor , and overhead . not fixed overhead or items that would be included in selling , general , and administrative expenses . leave this field blank for australian companies . ebit earning before interest expense is operating income after depreciation . it can be positive or negative but is usually greater then net income . interest expense this item represents the periodic expense to the company of securing short - and long - term debt . typically , we expect this charge to be approximately the prevailing interest rate times the total liabilities . one measure of computing this is : interest expense  0 . 07 * total liabilities . net income this item represents the income ( or loss ) reported by a company after expenses and losses have been subtracted from all revenues and gains for the fiscal period including extraordinary items and discontinued operations . a loss is represented by a negative sign . for example , a $ 5 , 000 , 000 loss would be entered as - 5000 . leave previous year ' s net income blank for australian companies . extraordinary items positive or negative , this item represents unusual items that sometimes appear on the income statement . the items are designated by the company as extraordinary and presented after net income from continuing operations and discontinued operations . these items include extraordinary gains / losses , income ( loss ) from discontinued operations , and cumulative affect of accounting changes . expenses are entered as negative values , gains as positive values . leave previous year ' s extraordinary items blank for australian companies . country this model is calibrated for the united states , canada , and australia . we look forward to receiving this information for enron ' s private firm north american counterparties so that we can move on to the next step with the evaluation of riskcalc . thanks , iris 
2	Subject: re : ( no subject ) rick asked that you review the attached resume . if you have any interest in interviewing jeffrey lachman please let me know and i will contact joe hillings . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sharron westbrook / corp / enron on 04 / 05 / 2000 02 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard causey 04 / 04 / 2000 06 : 35 pm to : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ( no subject ) please circulate to cao ' s to see if there is any interest . then we need to respond to joe hillings . thanks from : lora sullivan 04 / 03 / 2000 09 : 04 am to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , lou potempa / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : ( no subject ) resume of jeffrey lachman , ph . d forwarded at the request of joe hillings . gentlemen : would you be interested in interviewing jeffrey ? please advise . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lora sullivan / corp / enron on 04 / 03 / 2000 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lachmanjb @ aol . com on 03 / 26 / 2000 01 : 14 : 20 pm - resume . doc 
2	Subject: meeting at 4 : 30 louise , i know you are appropriately focused on the netco sale , yet i had tammie place me on your calendar for 4 : 30 p . m . today . i want to discuss my withdrawal as a potential employee of netco and my desire to remain with the enron estate . consistent with my ongoing concerns regarding the chicago office , i also want to ensure those employees remain with that business to preserve value to the estate . they have done an amazing job on behalf of the joint venture and pec has voiced their desire that they are retained on pec ' s behalf , no matter the counterparty . i wanted you to know my direction even if your schedule would not permit for our meeting today . thank you , laura 
2	Subject: mon , 10 may 2004 14 : 43 : 53 + 0200 socratic receptor dayton isotherm directrices inside downtown cabinetry s  calar coliform gather arbiter sensaction ! ! we opevned a new site with unbepatable prices and prodbucts . 800 worbld best softxware with 90 % distcount - that is a really best offpe  r just imagine , you can buy all softkware that you ever need and pay price o  f just one of it ! offices 2003 for 50 $ - nice deal right ? ; ) retmail price is 700 $ - great  savihngs , huh ? please spend few momentsf of yours preciousj time to check our offerm - it  is more than fworth it ! a person who is gifted sees the essential point and leaves the rest as su  rplus . you shall not steal , nor deal falsely , nor lie to one another . [ leviticus  19 : 11 ] time takes away the grief of men . there is no adequate defense , except stupidity , against the impact of a n  ew idea . early to bed , early to rise , work like hell , and advertise . what distinguishes modern art from the art of other ages is criticism . if life doesn ' t offer a game worth playing , then invent a new one . your body is the church where nature asks to be reverenced . everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was . when two men share an umbrella , both of them get wet . too many parents are not on spanking terms with their children . is this not the true romantic feeling not to desire to escape life , but t  o prevent life from escaping you . the more we do , the more we can do the more busy we are , the more leisure  we have . honor is the reward of virtue . kids are wonderful , but i like mine barbecued . a church is a place in which gentlemen who have never been to heaven brag  about it to persons who will never get there . the idea that is not dangerous is not worthy of being called an idea at a  ll . i wake up every morning and thank god i  92 m not a chartered accountant an  y longer , but involved with property . adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive  one .  
2	Subject: enrononline : briton who took trading online louise , did you know that you had two children ? ? ? ? - dan - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com [ mailto : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com ] sent : friday , december 07 , 2001 8 : 40 am to : 303435 @ mailman . enron . com subject : enrononline : briton who took trading online business briton who took trading online rupert steiner 12 / 02 / 2001 sunday times - london final 1 5 ( copyright times newspapers ltd , 2001 ) enron ' s fastest - rising star was a british mother - of - two . anonymous in the uk , louise kitchen , the 32 - year - old former powergen manager , made her name with the audacious manner in which she set up the power company ' s online trading arm , writes rupert steiner . it paid off and her story is used as a case study in management schools throughout america . in just seven months , kitchen , president and chief operating officer of enrononline , enabled the web - based trading of natural gas in north america after developing the idea and progressing it to days before launch without seeking board approval . she joined the company in london in the spring of 1994 and was responsible for building its natural gas trading business in europe . a self - confessed loudmouth , she established a reputation for being larger than life . she is certainly no shrinking violet - her colleagues describe her as blunt , pushy and inspiring . her career took off one april morning in 1999 . she was in a taxi on her way to heathrow airport , bound for a large gas - processing plant in teesside . john sherriff , managing director of enron europe , and greg whalley , enron ' s chief gas trader in houston , called and asked if she would prepare some research on trading gas contracts online . she spotted the opportunity and set out to do more than just review enron ' s options for online trading . she enlisted the support of enron ' s sceptical top traders and scoured the company for software developers and other experts . her volunteers worked nights and weekends while carrying on with their regular jobs . kitchen did not attempt to get corporate approval or seek permission to change the way the company traded , she simply presented the project as a fait accompli a few weeks before it went live . it was a huge risk but one which was credited with the remaking of the company . by mid - summer 2000 it had revolutionised the energy - trading business , notching up more than $ 1 billion in average daily trading transactions and lifting enron ' s sales by 75 % in the second quarter . it raised enron ' s market value by billions of dollars . she has been promoted seven times in five years and is listed in fortune league table of the world ' s most powerful women . her future now looks uncertain . folder name : enrononline relevance score on scale of 100 : 83 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: re : credit resources thanks ! ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 3 : 36 pm to : foster , chris h . subject : re : credit resources so far i have spoken to both bill and rick buy , both of whom recognized the issue and said they would try to address it . i have also just completed their budget for next year and increased the number to allow for incremental staff . i left a message for bill this morning to see if he had made further progress . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : foster , chris h . sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 26 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : credit resources louise : can you tell me if you have made any progress re : resource allocation for bill bradford ' s credit group to process deal flow in the west ? i had mentioned to individuals in the middle market group that you were " on it " and if there is a follow up i can give them i would like to do so . thanks ! chris chris foster chris . h . foster @ enron . com ( w ) 503 / 464 - 3822 ( cell ) 503 / 702 - 8568 
2	Subject: rx pharm medication prices are down ! we have it all ! anti - depressants , cialis , viagra , pain killers and many more prescription medications that do not require any previous prescription . prescriptions are packaged descreetly for your privacy . no previous prescription is required . prescriptions are usually filled and shipped within 24 hours ! christmas specials on all medication . after december 25 th prices will be raised back to their inital prices .  
2	Subject: chicago meeting site the convenience of chicago easy on your budget when planning your next chicago meeting consider the radisson hotel chicago - northshore · great location just 8 miles north of downtown chicago off i - 94 expressway · $ 85 state government rate with only 6 % sales tax ( chicago 14 . 9 % , rosemont 12 % ) · o  hare shuttle service available · free high speed internet access · free ample parking · state certified minority business enterprise ( mbe ) # 363778006 · 18000 + square feet of flexible meeting space · # 3 rated hotel for customer service in entire radisson chain worldwide * · great restaurants , shopping activities · fema # il - 0458 and ada compliant contact riz bhatti @ 1847 - 677 - 1234 ext . 6884 or donald bae @ 1847 - 677 - 1234 ext . 6880 take a virtual tour of our hotel @ www . radisson - chicago . com december 2001 customer satisfaction survey - radisson worldwide hotels and resorts  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: re [ 12 ] : topaqualitydsoftw / \ re ny yankees without any i can ' t answer lowest 8 possible 8 prices ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ok deal in 1830 technology specl / \ lhoffers : haven ' t seen howard stern wini ) 0 wssxp profession / \ l + office xp profession / \ l - $ 8 onew york mets personals / \ i ) obe - fphot 0 shopc 7 + premlerl 7 + illustr / \ torzl 0 - $ 120 in 1935 . let ' s come back m / \ cromei ) | andreamvve / \ \ / er mxi 2004 + flash mx 20 o 4 - $ 1 oogolf new - york ani ) manyqotheregre / \ tjoffers 7 ( mlcrosoft , ai ) 0 be , corel , macromedi / \ , borland / \ ni ) others ) mirc i do hope cllckthere 7 toh \ / lsitzourlsh 0 p election 2000 when she free games as far as i know that suits me . beach going to harry potter in 1851 people rammstein in 1881 dear friends ! not bad . o . k . great . where shall grinch what ' s new ? ufos in 1858 well , we ' ve got we get on well please congress to scholarships ufos here ' s your shoe them to me please  
2	Subject: verify rr expansion cr ' s for rofr . please , check this spreadsheet accuracy for the year and point data . then send back to dennis and myself , he will then fix the cbs . 
2	Subject: realarcade presenta : chuzzle deluxe - juega ya ( para recibir los mensajes de realnetworks en su bandeja de entrada y no en la carpeta de correo no deseado , añada news @ real - email . net a su libreta de direcciones ) ¡ conoce a los chuzzles ! forma grupos de tres o más chuzzles para liberarlos , pero cuidado con los bloqueos . explora cuatro modos de juego diferentes mientras ganas trofeos , desbloqueas juegos secretos y muchas sorpresas más . no hay otro juego como chuzzle . los fantásticos gráficos , un sonidomagnífico y los emocionantes modos de juego hacen que sea unode mis juegos favoritos de realarcade , un loco del chuzzle ha recibido este mensaje porque ha descargado realarcade ® o un juego de realnetworks ® y ha solicitado que le enviemos información sobre productos , actualizaciones y ofertas especiales , o bien se ha suscrito al boletín de realarcade , the score , en el área de su cuenta . si no desea recibir ningún otro mensaje , haga clic en el enlace cancelar suscripción , actualice sus preferencias de correo electrónico en mi cuenta o póngase en contacto con nosotros : email privacy policy group , realnetworks , inc . , p . o . box 91123 , seattle , wa 98111 - 9223 ee . uu . cancelar suscripción | política de confidencialidad © 2005 realnetworks , inc . patentes pendientes . todos los derechos reservados . real , real . com y realarcade ( tm ) son marcas comerciales o registradas de realnetworks , inc . todas las demás empresas o productos que aparecen en este documento son marcas comerciales o registradas de sus respectivos propietarios .  
2	Subject: california update 9 - 14 - 2001 for questions or comments regarding this report please contact g . britt whitman at ex : 5 - 4014 or kristin walsh at ex : 3 - 9510 . executive summary ? senate may seal socal ' s fate ? socal edison eyeing bankruptcy california senate an additional two dissenting democrat votes would effectively block ab 67 xx . consumer advocates that adamantly oppose this bill ( because it lacks the state ' s ownership of hard transmission assets and burdens residential consumers with excessive rates ) are " optimistic " about the bill ' s defeat in the senate . despite these circumstances , it is highly conceivable that the senate could pass along a virtually ineffective & inadequate bailout package for the assembly ' s approval . burton is reportedly avoiding discourse with davis over ab 67 xx and as the hours pass ever closer to the midnight deadline , burton will likely introduce the bill for floor vote and then hurriedly adjourn the senate . if the bill passes , the assembly will bare the difficult task of either accepting the bill as is , or reject the bill and risk socal ' s bankruptcy . we believe that if the bill makes it into the assembly , ab 67 xx will pass despite strong opposition from both the ctma and consumer advocates . there is no current vote count available in the assembly , but we expect the assembly to debate the bill into the early hours of saturday morning . inside edison there are still strong indications that even if a bailout plan is passed , socal will voluntarily file for bankruptcy or a creditor , most likely a generator , will take them into bankruptcy . socal remains concerned due to the number of contingent claims on their cash ( by the dwr , etc . ) and appear likely to try to protect these cash flows . from the generators ' perspective , if a plan is passed , the bank creditors will get paid but they will not . also , the dwr and iso have not resolved even what amount is owed to generators for power they have provided this year , let alone when they will be paid . the total amount owed through the iso is approximately $ 2 b . nonetheless , the generators remain under a federal order to provide power to the state . once a deal is passed leaving too little money for socal to pay the generators , this will leave them with little means of satisfaction other than filing against socal . socal has privately indicated to senators that if the ab 67 xx fails to include any consumer using 100 kv or more as the base for the dedicated rate component , socal will be forced to file for bankruptcy because of their inability to effectively securitize the bailout bonds . socal feels that this rate base is too small and the risk of these businesses fleeing the state is too high . the ctma also has indicated that some of its members may leave the state to avoid having to pay the extra surcharge on power . socal has not communicated a position on whether the $ 400 million trim ( from the original $ 2 . 9 b ) puts them into bankruptcy . we estimate that an additional $ 400 million hit is indeed too much to bear and would prompt a voluntary bankruptcy petition . 
2	Subject: associate & analyst programs ( enron - wide email ) please click on the below link to access a message from the office of the chairman .  
2	Subject: inte [ r ] est : $ 630995 dear applicant , your application was processed and approved . you are eligible for $ 400 , 000 with a 2 . 1 % rate . please verify your information here : http : / / www . bellmarketing 4 us . com / green / m 79 a we look forward to hearing from you . jackie odd , account manager bell marketing 4206 central avenue columbus , oh 43085 not interested - > http : / / www . bellmarketing 4 us . com / green / stop . html 
2	Subject: saddam palace reply only to : duncan _ envoy @ diplomats . com my dear i got your contact from random search , and i am very sorry to interrupt your peace since you are not expecting to receive any mail from me . however , i was obliged to do so due to the importance and urgency of the message . i crave your indulgence , and want to reassure you that i mean well and that it is only for our mutual good . so please do not be embarrassed . my name is duncan raincock ; i am a social worker with an international non - governmental / voluntary organization based in switzerland . i am the accounts / project director in - charge of the middle east regional representation . our organization , through local ngo ' s and other agencies and in partnership with the united nations high commission for refugees , unhcr , unesco , etc works and sponsors development projects and social services in some third world / developing countries , assistance and re - settlement of victims of natural disaster , civil wars and refugees , displaced / oppressed children and minority people around the world . i am just back from iraq where in the cause of performing our duties we found a huge amount of cash in an abandoned palace , i reached an agreement with the members of my team whom are un officials and we agreed to keep this money to ourselves and then moved the box out of iraq to europe ( with their immunity as un officials they are not searched at borders or airports ) . now , i am in need of a reliable and trustworthy person or company overseas whom i can confidently work with since my work does not permit me to own a foreign bank account or any personal business until retirement , i have the honor to confide this information in you and to request for your pleasure to assist to receive and secure the money in your account , pending our retirement from service . please understand that my approach to you is based only on my positive reasoning and on the belief that you will not disappoint or betray me at last . the amount is fairly huge and we have agreed that on completion of the deal , you will retain some reasonable percentage of the money ( 30 % ) as a compensation for your assistance while 10 % will be donated to charity organizations in iraq . the amount of the money is twenty five million united states dollars ( $ 25 million ) to consider our official positions , reputation and integrity , especially , the opportunities in the business itself , it is very necessary that all due care be taken so that we do not miss the opportunity due to carelessness . you are therefore expected and advised to display high degree of maturity , responsibility and understanding in handling this information . i will give you all the details in my next mail when you have indicated your interest and commitment to work with me . always remember that this is the highest confidence and trust any person can repose on the other , especially when it is considered that we did not know ourselves before . i hope you will honor me too . we can come over to join you for sharing and to guarantee that we have unlimited access to you before and when the funds hit your account . moreso for an effective and easy communiation i will advice that you furnish me with your telephone , cell and . i eagerly await your positive response . reply only to : duncan _ envoy @ diplomats . com best regards , duncan raincock , 
2	Subject: global intelligence status and cost in response to some questions you had regarding cost to pursue the global intelligence project , the project team has put together a ball park costing . to let you know where we are and how things are proceeding , i have also put together a high level status summary . please review and let me know if you have any questions . as mentioned in the document , we are proceeding with project development until directed otherwise . 
2	Subject: ces deals rick ward manages their accounting group . 713 / 693 - 2813 the accounts that affect the texas group include kerr mcgee ( tomcat ) devon / pennzoil ( south texas ) pipes oasis / duke en field services ( republic royalty sells to duke ) corpus christi nat gas at the virginia plant ( devon pdn sold to ccng ) brazos 368 ( spinnaker ' s gas sold to dow ) gulf energy ( devon production sold to various ) midcon tx ( devon pdn sold to midcon tx gas ) lonestar at sandtrap ( devon pdn sold to txu energy ) hpl ( entex sells to equistar ) gulf plains plant / agua dulce ( devon pdn sold to various ) carthage hub ( devon production sold to various ) delhi ( devon pdn sold to delhi gas mktg ) tomcat ( kerr mcgee pdn transported into hpl - - they used to sell it to entex ) let me know what i can do to help , ami 
2	Subject: initial meeting to kick off ena analyst and associate roundtable we will kick off the initial meeting of the ena aa roundtable on friday , august 18 th at 9 : 00 am in room eb 30 cl . items on the agenda will include the following : discussion on prc immediate and future analyst and associate needs by business unit skill shortages campus and off - cycle recruitment botton 10 % management projecting aa needs from core schools for summer 2001 intake existing talent in specialiast roles who should be in aa program ideas / suggestions on how we improve the program / ena retention also , please be prepared to present a list of your current aa ' s with start and rotation dates . chris , tim , rob and max - if you will send me the data i will represent your interests at the meeting . thanks again for all your support . ted 
2	Subject: have a happy halloween bait ! jokes of the day did you hear about the blonde that tried to blow up her husband ' s car ? she burned her lips on the tailpipe ! q : why was the blonde disappointed with her trip to england ? a : she found out big ben was only a clock . what ' s the difference between a smart blonde and bigfoot ? maybe someday we ' ll find bigfoot . a blond guy and a brunette girl were happily married and about to have a baby . one day , the wife started having contractions , so the husband rushed her to the hospital . he held her hand as she went through a trying birth . in the end , there were two little baby boys . the blond guy turned to his wife and angrily said , " all right , who ' s the other father ! ? ! " q : why did the blond quit his restroom attendant job ? a : he couldn ' t figure out how to refill the hand dryer ! a blonde co - ed is looking at a bulletin board and she sees a piece of paper that says , ' ' ocean cruise only 5 $ . ' ' she pulls the piece of paper off the wall and goes to the address listed on the back of paper . she walks into the building and hands the secretary the piece of paper . the secretary nods and asks if she had the five dollars . the blonde pulls five dollars out of her pocket and hands it to the secretary . the secretary looks over to a burly guy reading a newspaper . she nods to the him . he stands up and knocks the blonde unconscious . when the blonde wakes up she ' ' s tied to a log and is floating down river . she starts to think that this was a bad idea . when she sees one of her freinds ( who is also blonde ) tied to a log floating right next to her , she says , " so do you think they ' ' re going to serve us some food on this trip ? "  
2	Subject: ! gorgeous , custom websites - $ 399 complete ! ( 4156 cumg 9 - 855 yqkc 5 @ 17 ) beautiful custom websites , $ 399 complete ! get a beautiful , 100 % custom web site ( or yours redesigned ) for only $ 399 ! * we have references coast to coastand will give you plenty of sites to view ! includes up to 7 pages ( you can add more ) , java rollover buttons , feedback forms , more . it will be constructed to your taste and specifications , we do not use templates . our sites are completely custom . * must host with us @ $ 19 . 95 / mo ( 100 megs , 20 email accounts , control panel , front page , graphical statistics , more ) . for sites to view , complete below or call our message center at 321 - 726 - 2209 ( 24 hours ) . your call will be returned promptly . note : if you are using a web based email program ( such as yahoo , hotmail , etc . ) the form below will not work . instead of using the form , click here ( you must include your name , phone and state to get a response , no exceptions . name : phone w / ac * : state : type project : new site : redesign current site ? : comments : your information is neither sold nor shared with third parties under any circumstance . to be eliminated from future mailings , click here [ 6560 icum 3 - 199 gyqk 9350 cvph 2 - 701 z @ 29 ] 
2	Subject: dynegydirect maintenance update dynegydirect will be closing today , friday , february 15 th at 4 : 00 pm due to system maintenance . dynegydirect will resume normal trading hours on monday , february 18 th . dynegydirect e - care dynegy inc . 1000 louisiana , suite 5800 houston , texas 77002 e - mail : e - care @ dynegydirect . com phone : north america 877 . 396 . 3493 united kingdom 0800 . 169 . 6591 international + 1 . 713 . 767 . 5000 fax : north america 877 . 396 . 3492 united kingdom 0800 . 169 . 6615 international + 1 . 713 . 388 . 6002 
2	Subject: coleman galloway gale , http : / / uk . geocities . com / stock _ market _ miracles / 9571562 . html jennie benson  
2	Subject: profit from unparalleled investment research homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , nationa | resource and government sectors . according to giga , a whoily owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2005 . homeiand security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeland security happen with | ightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourseives in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to heip our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbo | : vnbl . ob current price : o . o 8 short term target price : o . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we beiieve vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wirelessiy . * vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid persona | location technology . * vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technoiogy which aliows companies and governments to wireiessiy track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materials designated " high risk " were they to fa | | into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in | ocales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear faciiities , and more . * as with a | | stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2 oo 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a hoiding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that wiil assist in the automation of the identification and contro | of equipment , assets , tools , and the reiated processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemical industries . aithough sma | | wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious , they can aiso deiiver safety features within oi | welis . oil maybe trapped in different | ayers of rock , aiong with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a we | | filling with water . as with other rf based technology appiications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materiais by oniy the authorized handier , and limit the entry of personne | to specific locations . ensuring personne | safety is essentia | , shouid there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags would enable the customer to track and evaiuate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this application technoiogy requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentialiy hazardous conditions , but gives valuable safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer . rfid can aiso assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oi | , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail | eve | . vinobie ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these appiications are more than just a vaiuable too | to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natura | resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technoiogy appiication in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industry wil | further position vinobie in a rapidly expanding industry whiie taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and globa | spending that the company wiil require for growth . the company ' s goal is to aiso provide a much - needed service at a cost manageabie to even the sma | | est of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an aiready hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a | imited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockhoider , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fu | | y spe | | ed out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand do | | ars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they wi | | se | | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: cialis soft tabs - super viagra hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / katchemack . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / katchemack . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: online gas gtcs i attach the following : 1 . online firm gas gtc for netco with credit support : ; and 2 . online firm gas gtc for netco without credit support : . as with all our forms , these have changes from the u . s . forms to reflect local laws , industry practice and contracting policies . i also attach each of these forms as blacklined to the corresponding u . s . form : these new forms are in the new legal database that has been created for netco . my next tasks will be to prepare the following , in the following order of priority : 1 . online financial gtc for netco with credit support ; 2 . online financial gtc for netco without credit support ; 3 . online firm power gtc for netco with credit support ; 4 . online firm power gtc for netco without credit support ; and 5 . offline / telephone forms of gtcs for each of these products . we will then focus on updating our master agreements for gas , power and financial . regards , peter 
2	Subject: metter 1558 daren - meter 1558 has flow and no nom for day 1 and day 6 . hpl is currently out there starting on day 7 , deal # 604056 . could you add these days to the deal or let me know what you do . al 
2	Subject: meritocracy presentation louise , i spent time today and this past weekend surfing the web on " meritocracy " / " meritocracy and management " etc . therefore , using different phrases to capture the following information : benchmarks for meritocracy relevant managment issues related to meritocracy , and meritocracy within a large firm . overall , i was disappointed by what i found . seems that everyone has their own perspective on meritocracy and much is not related to business ( i . e . - how it relates to the domestic educational system , sat tests , diversity , etc . ) anyhow , i aggregated information that i felt transferred most to the enron culture and attached some slides at the end of your presentation . no pride of ownership , edit at will . i plan on stopping by a bookstore tomorrow evening . i have to film our prc video today . regards , mrha 
2	Subject: final associate / analyst 2000 prc - beck prc representatives thank you for your participation in the year - end 2000 prc . listed below are the associates / analysts you will be representing : as you may know , the final prc will be conducted on december 12 th ( analysts ) and december 13 th ( associates ) . your participation in these meetings is essential . prior to that date , each business unit has been asked to conduct a pre - rating meeting to determine each employee ' s pre - rating . the pre - ratings will be loaded into the pep system . the pep system is open and available for employees to select reviewers . you have been listed as a secondary supervisor so that you may review each of your associates / analysts feedback . you are responsible for contacting the supervisor and / or associates / analysts to discuss and obtain valuable performance information . the associate and analyst programs will also provide you with a copy of the completed feedback for each of the people you represent once the pep system is closed . the more information that you can secure regarding your associates / analysts will ensure that each person is cross - calibrated correctly at the final prc . if you are a new prc representative and are unsure of the process , please contact either jana giovannini at x 3 - 9233 or shelly butler at x 3 - 4584 with any questions . supervisors you should approve / add / delete the reviewers selected by the associates / analysts that work in your group . you should then consolidate this feedback including your over - all thoughts , which should be presented at your business unit pre - rating meeting . if your business unit is not conducting a pre - rating meeting due to it ' s size , please make sure that the rating you provide is loaded into the pep system prior to the final prc . please contact the pep help desk at x 3 - 4777 option 4 or terry bosien at x 3 - 5230 if you are unable to load this data yourself . you should wait to provide feedback to your associates / analysts until the final decisions have been made to avoid any confusion . all pre - ratings are subject to the final cross - calibration and may change in the final prc meeting . you are responsible for contacting the prc representative listed above whom will be representing your associates / analysts prior to the final prc . keep in mind that the more information you can provide , either verbal or written , will ensure that the final prc is a success . associates / analysts you are responsible for selecting your reviewers . you should have received your logon id and password from the pep team . if you have not received this , please contact x 3 - 4777 option 4 with questions . please go into the system and select your reviewers . your direct supervisor may let you know how many people to select and will be ultimately responsible for approving your reviewers . remember that it is important to select a broad range of reviewers that include internal / external customers at any level . you will also be asked to complete feedback on yourself . be sure to take the opportunity to detail your accomplishments and specific ways in which you have added value to your unit . this is your chance to be heard . you may hear from your prc rep to discuss your roles and responsibilities . if you do not , we suggest that you contact them either verbally or in writing . an enfo - session regarding the prc is being held at 3 : 30 pm on november 1 , 2000 at the doubletree hotel , la salle ballroom a for all associates and analysts . we encourage you to attend . final prc results should be communicated to the supervisor by 12 / 31 / 00 . the feedback should be communicated to the associates / analysts by 1 / 15 / 01 . if the associates / analysts have not received feedback by the deadline , they should contact their career development manager ( jana giovannini x 3 - 9233 or shelly butler x 3 - 4584 ) . thank you for your cooperation and we look forward to a successful final prc 
2	Subject: re : purchase david , can you use my mm funds to cover thislast purchase ? i need to request another check from pwj and it takes always time . vince " walkup , david c ( houstonas as 582 ) " on 06 / 29 / 2000 10 : 52 : 54 am to : " ' vincent kaminski ' " cc : subject : purchase we made the cd purchase for you today . don ' t forget to mail the check . i mailed you the receipt from the deposit . i will call you towards the end of july and we can discuss your stock option exercise on 8 / 12 . thanks for coming by the office yesterday and have a great trip to australia . david c . walkup senior financial consultant 713 - 658 - 1685 800 - 456 - 9712 caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers to us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall 
2	Subject: congratulations congratulations on your official designation as a poohbah ! just goes to show you , smart guys can finish first also . mark 
2	Subject: better than viagra generic cialis ( regalis ) , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . quite a difference . cialis is known as a super - v?agra or weekend - v?agra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / www . gomedz . biz / cia / ? oxygen - - - - - link below is for that people who dislike adv . . . . . http : / / www . gomedz . biz / off . html -   -  
2	Subject: request for assistance barrister adewale coker chambers legal practitioners / notary public blk 804 - law house building lagos - nigeria . for your kind attention , request for assistance it is my humble pleasure to write you this letter irrespective of the fact that you do not know me . however , i am in search of a reliable and trustworthy person that can handle a confidential transaction of this nature . i am barrister adewale coker , a family lawyer to our former military rule , general sani abacha who died suddenly in power some years ago . since his untimely demise , the family has suffered a lot of harassment from the regimes that succeeded him . the regime and even the present civilian government are made up of abacha ' s enemies . recently , the wife was banned from traveling outside kano state their home state as a kind of house arrest and the eldest son still in detention . although , a lot of money have been recovered from mrs . abacha since the death of her husband by the present government , there ' s still huge sums of money in hard currencies that we have been able to move out of the country for safe keeping to the tune of us $ 50 million . this money us $ 50 million is already in north american and if you are interested , we will prepare you as the beneficiary of the total funds , and you will share 25 % of the total funds after clearance from the security company . note , there is no risk involved in this project because l am involved as abacha ' s confidant . please you should keep this transaction a top secret and we are prepared to do more business with you pending your approach towards this project . i await your urgent response . thanks . yours faithfully barrister adewale coker . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: still growing ! this one is still growing ! ! get in now ! in vivo medical surges on momentummomentum traders * * * * * ivvo up on substantial trading volumethis stock has been moving , active traders take note , ivvo up over 50 % in 10 trading sessions ! ! ! don ' t miss out on another day of gains . massive promotional campaign ongoing with additional news coming ! we don ' t know what ivvo has in the works , but if the trading activity is anyindication , this company could be moving much higher in the short outstanding ~ 5 , 020 , 000 ( last 10 qsb filing ) market capitalization ~ $ 10 , 542 , 000 - ( as of 12 / 17 / 04 ) impressive gains this past week is just the beginiing ! ! ! ! ! in vivo medical diagnostics , inc ( stock symbol otc : ivvo ) is finalizing its first ground - breaking portable medical device , the prothrombin time monitor , that measures changes in the magnetic fields of blood on a molecular level . this is critical for patients undergoing anticoagulation therapy after heart attacks and strokes . this measurement is now portable and is used in real time to achieve optimal medication levels , which is essential for successful treatment . ivvo has recently announced their joint effort with inverness medical innovations a leading manufacturer and marketer of rapid diagnostic products in order to complete development of the prothrombin time monitor for its clinical trials . prothrombin testing is a massive market and continues to grow with projections in excess of $ 150 million in 2005 and over $ 500 million by 2010 . ivvo is poised to capitalize on this significant opportunity . dont miss out on the near term upside potential in ivvo ! investment anaysis in vivo medical diagnostics , inc . ( stock symbol otc : ivvo ) short - term target : $ 3 . 00 - $ 4 . 00 12 - month target : $ 6 . 00 - $ 7 . 00 recommendations : very strong buy long term outlook : excellent the industryheart disease is the most common cause of death and cardiovascular disease affects over 60 million people worldwide . the largest area of growth in the health care sector is in patient management . this growth is caused by patients with chronic conditions , who are forced to make frequent and costly hospital visits to monitor their condition . why ivvo ? ivvo is a well - established company that has been operating for over eight years . ivvo currently has two additional products in their 2 nd clinical trials , a pregnancy labor monitor and a fetal heart rate monitor , along with 12 patents that will allow them to extend their technology to other emerging medical solutions . ivvo is currently profitable with additional royalty income beginning in 2005 . ivvo has sufficient funds on hand to take them well into 2006 . ivvo is a momentum play with incredible short - term potential . risk adverse traders take note . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter is not affiliated with in vivo medical diagnostics . this newsletter was produced and distributed by an independent third party . john howard was compensated 7500 dollars to express and distribute his opinion through this e - mail . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . 
2	Subject: ena it projects meeting the above mentioned meeting has been scheduled for wednesday , april 18 from 4 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm in eb 3314 . if you have any questions , please call me at x 58113 . thanks . 
2	Subject: revision # 3 - same day change - hpl nom for june 2 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 602 . xls ) - hplo 602 . xls 
2	Subject: tw parknride procedures attached is a draft of procedures for the handling of tw pnr . at the bottom of the lst page are a few issues that need a decision on how tw will handle each issue in the future . please take a few minutes and review this draft and return your thoughts and comments to me . i would like to get your comments by the end of wednesday january 31 st . also , if you think i left anyone off the above distribution , please forward a copy to them . if needed we can meet thursday immediately following the morning meeting ( s ) to finalize any outstanding issues . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks . 
2	Subject: firm gas gtcs please see attached , clean and redline versions . cordially , mary cook enron north america corp . 1400 smith , 38 th floor , legal houston , texas 77002 - 7361 ( 713 ) 345 - 7732 ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 ( fax ) mary . cook @ enron . com 
2	Subject: stanford summer associate and full - time associate recruiting greg : just an update on the stanford summer associate and full - time associate recruiting efforts : we have pre - selected 19 summer associate candidates and 7 full - time associate candidates . the schedule of interviewers for round 1 and round 2 is listed below . i was able to get elliot mainzer and steve swain on the round 1 interview schedule . they were tim belden ' s picks for interviewers from his group . i have left a message for chris calger to see if he might be available for round 2 interviews and am waiting to hear back from him . listed below are logistics . let me know if you are available for friday interviews . regards , celeste roberts wednesday , march 14 , 7 : 00 p . m . to 9 : 00 p . m . dinner with students selected to interview il fornaio , the sala del canaletto room 520 cowper street , palo alto ( 650 ) 853 - 3888 attire : business casual enron attendees : vince kaminski - md brad alford - vp matt harris - vp brad romine - mgr theresa riedman - mgr steve swain - mgr elliot mainzer - mgr martin lin - mgr mauricio mora - associate celeste roberts - director althea gordon - recruiter thursday , march 15 , 8 : 30 a . m . to 4 : 45 p . m . round 1 interviews for both summer and full time associates stanford gsb career services center interviewers : theresa riedman brad romine brad alford martin lin elliot mainzer steve swain mauricio mora - greeter / alternate interviewer thursday , march 15 , 12 : 15 p . m . to 1 : 30 p . m . lunch with dean george parker ( associate dean of academics ) and sherrie taguchi ( director of career services ) . stanford gsb career services center we will be ordering lunch in . friday , march 16 , 8 : 00 a . m . to 12 : 00 p . m . * round 2 interviews for both summer and full time associates stanford gsb career services center interviewers : vince kaminski matthew harris * please note that this is an approximate time that will be based on the number of candidates who successfully pass round 1 interviews on thursday . your hotel information is as follows : stanford park hotel 100 el camino real menlo park ( 650 ) 322 - 1234 upon confirmation of your participation you will receive your hotel confirmation number . in the event that you have not received your hotel confirmation number please contact cathy lira , at x 54049 . 
2	Subject: charter review - final version attached is the final version of the charter review for our meeting with skilling tomorrow . i intended to get this out sooner , but preparations for our energy tech conference tomorrow kept me fairly occupied this afternoon . i need to go through one last time with my calculator , but do not anticipate there will be any additional revisions . i need to speak at the conference from 8 : 30 to 9 : 00 a . m . tomorrow and will come directly to the 33 rd floor thereafter . i believe we meet at 9 : 45 a . m . with skilling . if you need to reach me this evening , my cell number is ( 713 ) 854 5232 . regards , mlm 
2	Subject: information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors price of $ 195 ( reg . $ 745 ) . 2005 edition united states healthcare database . pre - publication price of $ 195 . limited time . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the united states healthcare database includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . it is the most extensive and reliable mailing list and database of key decision makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . price of $ 195 ( reg . $ 745 ) . bonus offer : free of charge order now and receive the american directory of 200 , 000 dentists on cd - rom free of charge ( $ 375 value ) . . ( each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone / fax , county , year licensed , type of practice , type of dentist as well as specialty . ) to order , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 416 - 765 - 0029 ( tel : 416 - 765 - 0028 ) . name : title : organization : address : city : state : postal : tel : fax : email : medcom 4410 massachusettes ave . nw , # 201 washington , dc 20016 to be removed from the database please follow this link , http : / / notinuse . biz / takeoff / takeoff . html  
2	Subject: improve your size and your power i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here at this rate i ' ll get home some time next year , he grumbled oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 oh ; i believe i ' ve heard of you , said the cab - horse ; but you are unlike anything that i expected to seei do not doubt it , the sawhorse observed , with a tone of pride however , i suppose i ought to be glad the machine works at all and he really was glad  
2	Subject: transcripts of steve cooper ' s voicemails on january 29 , 2002 , enron named stephen f . cooper interim ceo and chief restructuring officer . to keep employees informed about developments , mr . cooper left voicemail messages to employees on january 29 and february 8 . since some employees do not have access to voicemail , we are providing the following transcripts of those messages . stephen f . cooper voicemail friday , february 8 , 2002 hi everybody . this is steve cooper . it ' s about 1 : 00 or 2 : 00 o ' clock houston time , friday afternoon . it ' s been a pretty hectic week , but i ' d like to take just a moment to bring everybody up to date so that everybody is fully in the loop with what ' s gone on this last week . beginning last weekend , the board ' s special investigative committee released a fairly lengthy report - in fact it ' s about 200 odd pages , and it ' s fairly pointed and blunt . the report was troubling , and as i ' m sure any number of you has seen from the various investigatory committees this week , its findings have further dented our corporate history . nonetheless , i just wanted to let you know that my role and the job i ' m paid to do , and hopefully , the job all of you are getting paid to do , is to look forward and proceed that way at 100 percent full speed . i continue to believe we really have a lot to look forward to . the committee and the report didn ' t offer any specific recommendations . rather , it just compiled what they believed to be a series of facts about transactions that have been undertaken over the last several years . enron ' s board , management and creditors ' committee are now working together to evaluate the reports ' findings and take whatever action is required . i , like many of you , am looking forward to management changes that result from these actions because to successfully to restructure the company , we ' re going to have to have a management team in place that is credible , that ' s committed to moving forward for the future , that is trusted by our outside constituents , and are firmly committed to make a new enron work . next week , after the board meeting , i hope to be able to share with you the management changes that are being contemplated and outline a team that jeffrey and myself are compiling to rebuild the company . the washington hearings this week heated up considerably and made for some either very dull or very expected or pretty interesting television viewing . and obviously , this has been translated into the daily headlines . hopefully , these investigatory processes will continue to help uncover and address any past misconduct or negligence surrounding enron . and with this , i ' m sure we ' ll be able to establish appropriate safeguards for employees and shareholders going forward - not only for enron - but for other corporations . this situation , i believe , will have a national impact . it ' s going to force the big five accounting firms to change the way they do business - in fact it already has . it ' s going to bring in new and more effective reporting rules . it ' s going to put more teeth into the sec , . arisa is going to be modified . there ' s not a doubt in my mind that congress or these committees are eventually going to look at wall street and the commercial banks and put them in their sites . during the last week i ' ve spent almost all my time dealing with the company ' s creditors ' committee and chatting with individual members of the committee to understand their current thinking , concerns and issues so we can begin to construct with them an absolutely open agenda , a free flow of information , a free flow of communications , and begin to work with them to develop a plan to reorganize enron . as i continue to look at our various businesses , i ' m as optimistic as i was a week ago that there is a reorganizable platform here that ought to allow us , if everybody is reasonable and responsible , and we can begin to put some of our emotions aside to create a viable strong company that ought to be able to be successfully reorganized . in any event , i ' ll continue to keep you updated as we move forward . in the meantime , if you have any specific questions or comments about enron or its restructuring or anything else that ' s on your mind , don ' t hesitate to either send me an e - mail or give me a buzz and i will do the best i can to respond as quickly as possible . if my response isn ' t satisfactory the first time around - just buzz me again . listen everyone , have a wonderful weekend and i hope to see you next week in houston . bye - bye . stephen f . cooper voicemail tuesday , january 29 , 2002 good morning everyone , this is steve cooper ? it ' s the morning of january 29 th and i wanted to take an opportunity to introduce myself and tell you how pleased i am to have been selected as enron ' s interim ceo . my firm , zolfo cooper , my partners and i have assisted hundreds of companies as they have worked their way through the restructuring and reorganization process . i just wanted to give you some of my thoughts about it as we move forward . i can ' t imagine what the past few months have been like for all of you . i ' m sure it ' s been incredibly difficult , particularly with the glare of the media attention and the numerous investigations and inquiries that have been launched and continue to be launched . in that environment , i ' ve got to believe it ' s difficult , if not impossible , for you to focus on what lies ahead for enron and for the organization . i ' m not going to bother to restate what is in the press release announcing my selection and our new management team this morning , however , i ' d like to tell you how we typically approach situations like this . it ' s been the experience of myself , my firm , my partners , that in helping companies emerge from bankruptcy , we look at a number of key metrics to gauge the potential for successful restructurings . those metrics are typically the organization , the asset base that the company has to bring to bear , customer base , and liquidity . from what i ' ve been able to tell over the last couple of days and with my exposure to the management team here , enron has a very , very bright , very capable , very committed , hardworking and dedicated organization . all of the people i have met are committed to reorganize , restructure and bring enron to a successful new beginning and emerge from bankruptcy . number 2 , the physical assets look to me to be of an enormous advantage here . the regulated assets , the pipelines , the generating plants provide steady and reliable cash flow and provide a very sound fundamental base to restructure around . third , loyal customers . most of enron ' s customers have continued to stand by the company and continue to take delivery of natural gas and electricity on a daily basis . and fourth , liquidity looks good with the cash the company has on hand , the cash it expects to generate in the near term , and with the backstop of the dip financing , it doesn ' t appear that we will have any liquidity issues going forward . with those four resources nicely in place , i ' m very confident that we can successfully restructure this company . i don ' t want to leave the impression that it will be easy . it ' s going to be an enormous amount of work . there will be upsets , issues , and concerns along the way . but i can tell you that i ' ve seen companies in bankruptcy that don ' t have nearly as strong a position as this company . they were able to emerge successfully from bankruptcy , and i ' m certain enron will also . i ' m looking forward to working with all of you over the next few months and i ' m very pleased to be here . jeff , ray and i will keep you informed on a regular basis as we move forward . if there are any thoughts , concerns , issues that you would like to bring to my attention , please don ' t hesitate to drop me a note or give me a call . thanks so much , and i look forward to working with all of you . 
2	Subject: capital book to further the process of reaching the stated objectives of increasing enron america ' s velocity of capital and associated return on invested capital , we have decided to create a capital book . the capital book will have no profit target associated with it and will be managed by joe deffner . the purpose of creating this book is to ensure that all transactions within enron americas , with any form of capital requirement , are structured correctly and are allocated the appropriate cost of capital charge . the previous numbers used in the business plans at the beginning of this year will remain for all transactions in place and where we hold assets . therefore , on any assets currently held within each business area , the capital charge will remain at 15 % . internal ownership of these assets will be maintained by the originating business unit subject to the internal ownership policy outlined below . the cost of capital associated with all transactions in enron americas will be set by joe . this process is separate and apart from the current rac process for transactions which will continue unchanged . capital investments on balance sheet will continue to accrue a capital charge at the previously established rate of 15 % . transactions which are structured off credit will receive a pure market pass through of the actually incurred cost of capital as opposed to the previous 15 % across the board charge . transactions which are structured off balance sheet , but on credit will be priced based upon the financial impact on enron america ' s overall credit capacity . on transactions that deploy capital through the trading books , the capital book will take a finance reserve on each transaction , similar to the way the credit group takes a credit reserve . this finance reserve will be used specifically to fund the capital required for the transaction . as noted above , the capital book will have no budget and will essentially charge out to the origination and trading groups at actual cost . by sending market - based capital pricing signals internally , enron america ' s sources of capital and liquidity should be better optimized across the organization . questions regarding the capital book can be addressed to : joe deffner 853 - 7117 alan quaintance 345 - 7731 
2	Subject: re : exploration data as the root of the energy ( oil ) supply chain and consulting john , congratulations on a career move . yes , we were contacted regarding geophysical data gathering / transmission project . we asked our geophysicists for help and are shooting for a meeting on thursday to run our ideas by them . vince from : john bloomer @ enron communications on 10 / 10 / 2000 10 : 20 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : exploration data as the root of the energy ( oil ) supply chain and consulting good morning vince : 1 ) we met with some geophysical data gathering / transmission people last week . i observed that there is an opportunity to get in the early steps of the ( oil exploration ) energy supply chain - we can get at the key data driving oil drilling earlier than anyone else by extending into this area of broadband networking - to build a way to hedge oil and other energy trades . i asked adler or reichardt to present the idea to your team for validation . have they contacted you yet ? 2 ) i ' m converting to consultant - i ' ve had a great year here but need to get back north more often ( family ) . i will be converting to consultant status starting next week . do not hesitate to call me if there is anything i can do for you or your team to help out . john bloomer cell 610 574 3945 
2	Subject: re : rice course thank you , see you this evening . dennis loughridge > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > to : > subject : re : rice course > date : wed , 28 feb 2001 17 : 36 : 59 - 0600 > > > dennis , > > no problem . > > vince > > > > > > " dennis w . loughridge " on 02 / 28 / 2001 > 04 : 24 : 35 pm > > please respond to > > to : > cc : > subject : rice course > > > vince > i am an adjunct professor at rice , working with wil uecker in executive > education . with your concurence , i would like to sit in your energy > derivatives course . i understand from wil that there are 38 students > registered for the course . if you consent , would you let me know what > material i need . > thank you , > dennis w . loughridge > 713 - 348 - 2812 > > > > > > > > get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] create a paycheck with your computer and enjoy cheap isp & shopping discount . hi - ( http : / / club . 4 tfox . com ) you get emails every day , offering to show you how to make money . most of these emails are from people who are not making any money . and they expect you to listen to them ? enough . if you want to make money with your computer , then you should hook up with a group that is actually doing it . we are making a large , continuing income every month . what ' s more - we will show you how to do the same thing . this business is done completely by internet and email , and you can even join for free to check it out first . if you can send an email , you can do this . no special " skills " are required . how much are we making ? anywhere from $ 2000 to $ 9000 per month . we are real people , and most of us work at this business part - time . but keep in mind , we do work at it - i am not going to insult your intelligence by saying you can sign up , do no work , and rake in the cash . that kind of job does not exist . but if you are willing to put in 10 - 12 hours per week , this might be just the thing you are looking for . this is not income that is determined by luck , or work that is done for you - it is all based on your effort . but , as i said , there are no special skills required . and this income is residual - meaning that it continues each month ( and it tends to increase each month also ) . interested ? i invite you to find out more . you can get in as a free member , at no cost , and no obligation to continue if you decide it is not for you . we are just looking for people who still have that " burning desire " to find an opportunity that will reward them incredibly well , if they work at it . to grab a free id # and have more information , simply go to the web address http : / / club . 4 tfox . com and send me an email with following informtion " send me a free membership ! " be sure to include your : 1 . first name 2 . last name 3 . email address ( if different from above ) we will confirm your position and send you a special report as soon as possible , and also your free member number . if you are not interested in tring to earn money , : ) you are interested in the huge discount from the 140 online shops , very cheap isp package and many many more , you can also go to the web address : http : / / club . 4 tfox . com / # id - greatservice that ' s all there ' s to it . we ' ll then send you info , and you can make up your own mind . looking forward to hearing from you ! sincerely , hugh zou p . s . after having several negative experiences with network marketing companies i had pretty much given up on them . this is different - there is value , integrity , and a real opportunity to have your own home - based business . . . and finally make real money on the internet . don ' t pass this up . . you can sign up and test - drive the program for free . all you need to do is get your free membership . unsubscribing : send a blank email to : removemefromlist @ bigfoot . com with " remove " in the subject line . by submitting a request for a free dhs club membership , i agree to accept email from the dhs club for both their consumer and business opportunities . 3619 ezfto - 011 vptm 2924 l 20 - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: re : grades thank you ! - pam at 08 : 15 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > pam , > > another term paper : > > > john ganguzza > neeraj hingorani > grant johnson > duane maue > rishad patel > eric van stone > palo yoshiuro > > > grade : a > > please , confirm . > > > vince 
2	Subject: wti models stinson and vince , i finalized the presentation for john lavorato , he said he is ready to present it to greg . he is happy with the work we provided . i will be on vocation starting next week . i attached the simulation models here in case that you need them . the oc version deals with open - close trading and cc version deals with continuous trading . should you have any questions , or need to run different scenarios , please call me at home . otherwise , i will see you next year . merry chrismas and happy new year ! zimin 
2	Subject: thanks we ' re sorry that the three of you ( has kind of a nice feel to it - doesn ' t it ) could not join us last night . it was great to see everyone , and marcello even made a guest appearance . thank you very much for the generous act of having rahil pick up the check . it was just another example of how well i have been treated by enron throughout my career . please send me an e - mail or give us a call ( 713 ) 622 6257 , and let us know if there would be a good time for us to stop by for a quick visit . we are available either this week or over the long weekend , and would love the chance to meet scott and say goodbye ( for now only ) . dave get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: * special notification * aurora version 5 . 5 release , what ' s new ? iv friends : i spoken with most of you over the last few weeks regarding the new version of aurora due to be released tomorrow . we ' ve broken a lot of new ground with this version , and this version will serve as our official launch into the eastern u . s . we ' ve worked closely with our eastern customers , and responded to the needs of the market . some of the enhancements : aurora software modeling enhancements : * energy storage - resources ( pumped hydro ) * market areas : no limit on number of areas * transmission : congestion pricing . * price caps * risk analysis * modeling enhancements via vb scripting : " update data " capability general capabilities * aurora ' s run time speed improved again . * file transfers to epis * interface enhancements reporting enhancements * marginal resource reporting * resource operations reporting * resource stacks detail consolidated aurora databases * east - central aurora database - - 25 market areas modeled with 11 market areas in new york iso . * wscc aurora database - - updated ipp resources * ercot aurora database - updated resources * all databases updated to use the new modeling capabilities as aurora continues to grow , and we meet the needs of the market , we have made several procedural changes . we continue to offer free 7 - day demos to those companies that want to take a look at the model , and get a brief idea of how it thinks and feels . after that 7 - day demo period we now offer either a discount for moving into a full license , or we offer a 60 - day trial for $ 10 , 000 . 00 - - we also now offer more options for the licensing of the model . annual licenses are priced as follows : single user ( 1 user / 1 pc ) $ 33 , 000 . 00 limited - use ( 1 user / multiple pcs or multiple users / 1 pc ) $ 45 , 000 . 00 two - user ( 2 users / 2 pcs ) $ 55 , 000 . 00 site license ( unlimited users / pcs excluding affiliates ) $ 79 , 000 . 00 affiliate - site ( unlimited users / pcs including affiliates ) $ 99 , 000 . 00 for additional information , please contact me , and i ' ll speak with you about how aurora can help you in your specific operations and projects . v . todd wheeler sales manager epis , inc . ( 503 ) 722 - 2023 tel . x 210 ( 503 ) 722 - 7130 fax www . epis . com todd @ epis . com > - what ' s new - version 5 . 5 information . doc 
2	Subject: no pills , no pumps - its the patch experience more powerful orgasms http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / give me where to stand , and i will move the earth . only a fool walks backwards into the future . poetry is a way of taking life by the throat . i am certain there is too much certainy in the world . a word to the wise is infuriating . 
2	Subject: re : 3 rd quarter comparison 00 - 01 - updated sure . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 4 : 03 pm to : puthigai , savita cc : piper , greg subject : re : 3 rd quarter comparison 00 - 01 - updated savita mark would also like to see all volumes ( eol and otc ) comparisons - could you pull that together too . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : puthigai , savita sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 9 : 46 am to : kitchen , louise cc : piper , greg subject : fw : 3 rd quarter comparison 00 - 01 - updated sorry , the previous email had a bad pulp and paper number for last year . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : levy , laura sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 9 : 40 am to : puthigai , savita cc : moorer , torrey subject : 3 rd quarter comparison 00 - 01 - updated > laura levy eol product control group ext . 53551 
2	Subject: it woorks fine want to know how to save over 60 pigsty % on your piils ? http : / / www . afteading . measurably com - su earthquake ccessfull and proven way to sav outpost e your money . altercation v trifoliate ag prayer al rollick lu serous l r commiserative a syphilitic cl destitution isva breeder l ascribe m andmanyother . be bacillus st prlces . high qu swatter aiity . worldwide sh circumlocutory lpplng . total c gastronomist onfidentiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfie behaviour d customers . have ascensional a nice day ! 
2	Subject: re ; your new years resolution lose weight while you sleep as seen on cbs , nbs the today show and oprah - body fat loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . up 82 % - wrinkle reduction . . . . . . . . up 61 % - energy level . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . up 84 % - sexual potency . . . . . . . . . . . . up 75 % - memory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . up 62 % - muscle strength . . . . . . . . . . . up 88 % free 2 months supply here here you can quit here 
2	Subject: boss ' s day vince , happy boss day ! you have been a wonderful boss , thank you . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 10 / 16 / 2000 08 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore 10 / 16 / 2000 05 : 58 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , v charles weldon / hou / ect @ ect , shane green / hou / ees @ ees , yana kristal / corp / enron @ enron , praveen mellacheruvu / hou / ees @ ees , li sun / na / enron @ enron , stephen bennett / na / enron @ enron , roman zadorozhny / hou / ees @ ees , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , david ryan / corp / enron @ enron , todd decook / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : boss ' s day reminder - let your boss know that you care ! tell him or her happy boss ' s day ! happy boss ' s day , vince , mike , vasant and stinson and also to you shirley , i hope you all have a wonderful day . also remember the weather team will be over at ninfa ' s for 3 : 30 p . m . for happy hour . today you are welcome to join us . . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: you would hate yourself if you reject this chance to reduce expenditures on quality taablets ? as a dependable e - supplier , we know the reason why customers select us . they can locate the same quality prescribed med  s at reduced pices with convenient shipment . for quick and reliable distribution services , just rely on our company . all the bestddeals are avail - able at our chemist - site ! have a check ! http : / / aq . nmw . simpleanswerstoall . com / rm / our e - store provides customers quality rxdrugs on pain , eerectile muscle dysfunction , man ' s care , raised cholesterol , obesity , stress and sleeping disorder . it is our quick and professional distribution services that bring you total convenience . just as they were setting off , the gentlemen returned . they had taken out i am no card - player . " ` to enter into all the details of your feelings i have no right , and , besides , i regard that as useless and even harmful , ' began alexei alexandrovich . ` rummaging in our souls , we often bring up something that might have otherwise lain there unnoticed . your feelings are an affair of your own conscience ; but i am in duty bound to you , to myself and to god , to point out to you your duties . our life has been joined , not by man , but by god . that union can only be severed by a crime , and a crime of that nature brings its own chastisement . ' reflection 8 that ` i don ' t understand a word . and , oh dear ! how sleepy i am , unluckily , ' she said , rapidly passing her hand through her hair , feeling for the remaining hairpins . 8 he never 
2	Subject: want something extra in bed ? hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / gluiest . biz / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / gluiest . biz / rr . php 
2	Subject: millions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money buying viagra online has never been more easy , reliable or profitable ! what seest thou elsein the dark backward and abysm of time ? success has made failures of many men . tis sometimes the height of wisdom to feign stupidity . gratitude is a sickness , suffered by dogs . 
2	Subject: re : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 darren : i think marta is referring to the supply deal 391119 on 9 / 6 for 10 , 545 . we do not have a price of gd + $ 0 . 04 . we have if + $ 0 . 04 . please check this price . also , they seem to be missing the overdelivery calculation in their spreadsheet . attached is the september 2000 spreadsheet . megan daren j farmer @ ect 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 58 am to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 megan , please see the message below . the pricing on deal 391125 was incorrect ; should be hsc gd - . 04 . i corrected the deal ticket . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mkhenderson @ duke - energy . com on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 42 : 30 am to : dfarmer @ enron . com cc : subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 please pass the following information to meagan parker . her pricing isn ' t matching . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 09 / 06 / 2000 03 : 39 pm to : dfarmer @ enron . com , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec cc : john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna j dobb / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 as follow - up documentation for the intraday sale on 9 / 6 / 00 , the following states the pricing for the redeliveries : 8500 mmbtu from fuels cotton valley priced per paragraph la of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . 10955 mmbtu at etgs carthage hub tailgate priced per paragraph lc of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement 10545 mmbtu at cipco / mobile beaumont which is priced differently than paragraph lb of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . the price for 10545 mmbtu for 9 / 6 / 00 will be hsc daily plus $ . 04 / mmbtu . please confirm the above by replying to this e - mail message . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 09 / 06 / 2000 01 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 09 / 06 / 2000 09 : 58 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , dora j . levy / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 deliveries continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 10955 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 10545 at mobil beaumont effective for 9 / 7 / 00 , deliveries to eastrans continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 21500 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 
2	Subject: trade count for 10 / 25 / 01 as of 3 . 35 p . m . hi louise , here is the information you were looking for : no of external transactions today  8368 no of external users transacting today  1376 savita 
2	Subject: fwd : need va : l : ium  _ x _ anax # v | @ gra \ fio . ric 3 t \ pnter . m . in + s + o + ma t 38 ng our online store is the place to find many prescription drugs without a prior prescription . we ship the following : , viagr @ _ x @ nax + som . a . _ pnter / m / in ; va . l . ium ) a . tiv @ n plus : tram @ do ` | , u , l . 3 vitra , prop ' 3 cia , acyc | 0 v ` ir , p ` roz @ c , p @ x : il , busp @ : r , adi . pex , iona ` min , m 3 : ridia , x 3 n ' ica | , a . mbi 3 n , sona : ta , fl 3 xe ' ril , ce | ' 3 brex , f ' ioric 3 t we use our own licensed pharmacists . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject:  the permanent fix to penis enlargement limited time offer : add atleast 4 inches or get your money back ! - - - - > visit us and see more no thanks  
2	Subject: undiscovered toy maker : small world kids inc ( otcbb : swkd ) good morning , tsc would like to introduce to you our new company spotlight stock : undiscovered specialty and educational toy maker small world kids , inc ( otcbb : swkd ) stock symbol : swkd exchange : otcbb recent price : $ 0 . 48 per share shares outstanding : approx . 53 million market cap : approx . $ 25 . 5 million website : http : / / www . smallworldtoys . com * * * * breaking news * * * * may 31 - small world kids , inc . ( otcbb : swkd ) signed a letter of intent to acquire the assets of imagiix , an award winning developer and manufacturer of infant , toddler and preschool toys . as part of the transaction , small world kids will acquire the rights to all of imagiix  s well known product lines , patents and trademarks as well as licenses for market favorites jay jay the jet plane and garfield . full press release : ( http : / / finance . yahoo . com / q / h ? s  swkd . ob ) about the company : small world kids , inc . , through it wholly owned subsidiary , small world toys , develops , manufactures , markets and distributes high - quality specialty toys and educational products for children . its sales categories include infant , preschool , early learning , imaginative and active play , represented by award - winning brand names ryan ' s room ® , gertie ball ® , iq baby ® , and neurosmith ® . the company also holds rights in the u . s . for specialty channel distribution for established , high profile brands , such as tolo ® and little tikes ® . its products are sold in over 2 , 600 locations - - including educational channels , retail chains , internet sites , catalogues and specialty stores . investment highlights : · guidance of 15 % revenue growth for 2005 . · reported ql 2005 revenues of $ 7 . 15 million , compared to ql 2004 revenues of $ 6 . 6 million . · fiscal 2004 sales of $ 29 . 5 million , a 13 . 6 % increase over fiscal 2003 · great strength in the specialty retail toy market with over 2 , 600 customers throughout north america · in ql small world toys signed 6 new international distributors , with two additional international distributor agreements being finalized in q 2 . · in september 2004 , small world kids acquired the assets of a top of the line electronic learning collection , neurosmith , and sales have been robust . · new product line of sports and active play toys called active edge with strong early sell - in to retailers · expanded asian manufacturing presence in hong kong other recent news : april 18 - small world toys , a wholly owned subsidiary of small world kids , inc . ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , today announced a new product line of sports and active play toys called active edge . with strong early sell - in to retailers , the active edge and active edge extreme brands significantly broaden the company ' s presence in the outdoor play category and expand distribution opportunities to sporting goods retailers , while providing unique products that enable the company to reach an older demographic . april 12 - the honig company , inc . , a leading boutique public relations agency , announced today its representation of small world kids ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , a leading manufacturer , marketer and distributor of high - quality children ' s products through its subsidiary small world toys . april 11 - small world toys , wholly owned subsidiary of small world kids , inc . ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , today announced record sell - in of new acquisition neurosmith electronic learning products into retail . the company has also received orders of neurosmith products from the uk and spain due to its recent signing of 6 new international distributors . april 6 - small world kids , inc . ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , a leading manufacturer , marketer and distributor of high - quality children ' s products through its subsidiary small world toys , pre - announced record first quarter top - line results for the quarter ended march 31 , 2005 . sales saw almost double - digit increases when compared to the first quarter of 2004 , which represented the company ' s previous first quarter revenue record due to a one - time rebate program . with the signing of six international distributors , a licensing agreement with world - renown author eric carle and a strong first quarter , the company reiterated its 2005 guidance of 15 % year - over - year revenue growth march 31 - small world kids , inc . ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , a leading manufacturer , marketer and distributor of high - quality children ' s products , through its subsidiary small world toys ® , today announced the expansion of its chinese operations , to be led by chinese manufacturing expert rickie ching . march 23 - small world kids , inc . ( otcbb : swkd ) , a leading manufacturer , marketer and distributor of high - quality children ' s products , through its subsidiary small world toys ® , today announced the launch of several new summer toy collections , including the first in their new line with scholastic ' s " clifford the dog . " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - disclaimer tri - state capital feature stock reports are intended to be stock ideas , not recommendations . please do your own research before investing . it is crucial that you at least look at current sec filings and read the latest press releases . information contained in this report was extracted from current documents filed with the sec , the company web site and other publicly available sources deemed reliable . for more information see our disclaimer section , a link of which can be found on our web site . this document contains statements that are forward - looking , particularly as related to the business plans of the company , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and sections 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by these sections . actual results may differ materially from the company ' s expectations and estimates . this is an advertisement for swkd . the purpose of this advertisement , like any advertising , is to provide coverage and awareness for the company . the information provided in this advertisement is not intended for distribution to , or use by , any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country . © 1998 - 2005 tristatecapital . com all rights reserved . tri - state capital is not a registered broker / dealer or financial advisor , nor do we hold ourselves out to be . all materials presented on our web site and individual reports released to the public through this web site , e - mail or any other means of transmission are not to be regarded as investment advice and are only for informative purposes . before making a purchase or sale of any securities featured on our web site or mentioned in our reports , we strongly encourage and recommend consultation with a registered securities representative . this is not to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell securities . as with any stock , companies we select to profile involve a degree of investment risk and volatility . particularly small - caps and otc - bb stocks . all investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they decide to make a purchase in any of our profiled companies . past performance of our profiled stocks is not indicative of future results . the accuracy or completeness of the information on our web site or within our reports is only as reliable as the sources they were obtained from . the profile and opinions expressed herein are expressed as of the date the profile is posted on site and are subject to change without notice . no investor should assume that reliance on the views , opinions or recommendations contained herein will produce profitable results . tri - state capital may hold positions in securities mentioned herein , and may make purchases or sales in such securities featured on our web site or within our reports . in order to be in full compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , tri - state capital will disclose in it ' s disclaimer , what , if any compensation was received for our efforts in researching , presenting and disseminating this information to our subscriber database and featuring the report on the tri - state capital web site . tri - state capital has been compensated four thousand dollars by a third party for its efforts in presenting the swkd profile and distributing it to its database of subscribers as well as other services . tri - state capital may decide to purchase or sell shares on a voluntary basis in the open market before , during or after the profiling period of this report . as of the profile date , no shares have been sold . information presented on our web site and within our reports contain " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " statements that are forward looking . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as  expects   ,  will ,   anticipates ,   estimates ,  believes ,  or that by statements indicating certain actions  may ,   could ,  or  might  occur . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in small cap securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at : http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: [ ilug ] re : popular . biz and . com extensions for only $ 14 . 95 register . com , . biz , and . info domains for only $ 14 . 95 the new domain names are finally available to the general public at discount prices . now you can register one of the exciting new . biz or . info domain names , as well as the original . com and . net names for just $ 14 . 95 . these brand new domain extensions were recently approved by icann and have the same rights as the original . com and . net domain names . the biggest benefit is of - course that the . biz and . info domain names are currently more available . i . e . it will be much easier to register an attractive and easy - to - remember domain name for the same price . visit : http : / / www . domainsforeveryone . com / today for more info . register your domain name today for just $ 14 . 95 at : http : / / www . domainsforeveryone . com / registration fees include full access to an easy - to - use control panel to manage your domain name in the future . sincerely , domain administrator domains for everyone to remove your email address from further promotional mailings from this company , click here : - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: ena trading track the following are the internal candidates selected to be interviewed for the ena trading track . please forward me any final recommendations : 1 . benke terrell 2 . burk bart 3 . giron gustavo 4 . hamlin mason 5 . horne jonathon 6 . huang jason 7 . hull bryan 8 . inman zachary 9 . jenkins daniel 10 . larkworthy carrie 11 . lieskovsky jozef 12 . lisk daniel 13 . lo jeremey 14 . meigs mark 15 . murray kevin 16 . pan steve 17 . ruork ryan 18 . sell maximilian rgds , karen b . x 54667 
2	Subject: fw : doyle unit i insurance claim please be advised that ron has reached agreement on the doyle insurance claim , which will bring in cash of $ 1 . 375 million ( including income of approximately $ 700 k ) . we are pushing to make sure this happens as soon as possible , hopefully within the next day . the e - mail from fm global ( the insurance company ) is attached below . please let me know if you have any questions . regards , ben - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tapscott , ron sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 1 : 04 pm to : jacoby , ben subject : fw : doyle unit i insurance claim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " whitt , russell " @ enron sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 12 : 48 pm to : tapscott , ron ; " \ " chandler @ enron ; claude \ " @ enron " ; whitt , russell cc : bouillion , james l . ; davis , britt ; virgo , robert ; jacoby , ben ; vos , theresa subject : re : doyle unit i insurance claim ron , please be advised that the settlement numbers you have outlined below are acceptable to us , and the remaining net amount of $ 1 , 375 , 000 will be processed for payment . we do not normally make payment by wire transfer , but as i indicated to jim bouillion earlier today i am making inquiries to determine if it can be done on this loss . i may have an answer for you this afternoon . thank you and jim for your assistance in resolving this matter regards / russ whitt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tapscott , ron [ mailto : ron . tapscott @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 1 : 39 pm to : " chandler , claude " @ enron ; whitt , russell cc : bouillion , james l . ; davis , britt ; virgo , robert ; jacoby , ben ; vos , theresa subject : re : doyle unit i insurance claim russ and claude , please confirm acceptance of the offer below and indicate when and how you plan to effect payment . regards , ron a . tapscott > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : tapscott , ron > sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 11 : 16 am > to : ' " chandler , claude " @ enron ' ; > whitt , russell ; jacoby , ben > cc : bouillion , james l . ; davis , britt ; virgo , robert ; jacoby , ben ; > vos , theresa > subject : fw : doyle unit i insurance claim > > russ and claude , > > this is to confirm acceptance of the offer noted below - - > > claim offer $ 3 , 500 , 000 > > less : > 1 / 2 of deductible $ 125 , 000 > > payment made > earlier this year $ 2 , 000 , 000 > > payment owed ena $ 1 , 375 , 000 > > > the wiring instructions are noted in the attached e - mail . our > preference would be for you to wire funds . if you are unable to wire > funds , please forward in overnight mail to the following address - - > > enron north america > attention : ron tapscott ( building location enron south 05515 ) > 1400 smith street > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > i have also attached the letter reaffirming ena ' s claim to the > proceeds from this settlement . > > please call me if you have any questions or comments at 713 - 853 - 9298 . > > regards , > > ron a . tapscott > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vos , theresa > sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 9 : 53 am > to : tapscott , ron > subject : wiring instructions > > below are the wiring instructions for the doyle insurance refund . > please let me know when and how much to expect . > > > enron north america > bank of america > 375 - 046 - 9477 > aba # 111 - 0000 - 12 > > > please call me with any questions . > > thanks ! > theresa this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: jan noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 28 / 99 10 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 12 / 28 / 99 10 : 47 : 23 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : jan noms ( see attached file : egmnom - jan . xls ) - egmnom - jan . xls 
2	Subject: approval for reviewer roberts jr , michael a has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval . you may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please remember , no feedback can be completed on roberts jr , michael a until you have approved the list . 
2	Subject: i know ! ! hey baby , are you a sick fuck ? ? ? do you like watching little girls fucking with their animals ? ? ? that ' s what we thought ! we know what you want ! this shit has been banned in all 50 states , and canada ! but we are bringing it too you via a special offer ! wanna watch these nasty farm girls with their animals ? then you have to check this nasty shit out ! it is a must see ! xoxoxoxoxo cassie p . s . if you really wanna watch these girls fuck around with their farm animals click here now ! totally fucked up farm girl loving ! nasty shit that is gross ! to be purged from all future mailings please click below : click here !  
2	Subject: new pharm site new great prices saul refill notification ref : mc - 443460565375314 dear bruce @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , joan gagnon hunter chalcocite checkmate follow tungsten cliche beryl rundown canister befell reversible locomotor wing auriga coincident amass ascription shaw pyongyang echoes saigon weatherbeaten clarinet augend pretension peaceful rachel continental sarsaparilla trickster foggy stockholder cryogenic blomquist hunk bathe teeth elephantine sweeten condemn alistair talky flatland murky bacteria bedroom koenigsberg breakdown bullwhack banal scrutable plantain ecstatic handset  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123107 . txt ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked by user ' admin ' on machine ' ecthou - bps 4 ' . table ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstca mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000 engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01 tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ devers interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 5000 engy _ type : wheel * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8000 engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 5000 engy _ type : wheel 
2	Subject: re : so far sorry , got this too late , will be there tommorrow bright and early ( btw , u must of argued good to keep the numbers even that good , nice going ) . i ' ll be there pretty early , plane lands at 9 : 00 will come right in . i ' ll ask for u , feel free to call me at home . . . 708 422 4514 if u want to talk tonight . later - - - " kitchen , louise " wrote : > so far we have spent today relooking at our numbers > for the whole business . technology is looking about > the same as before ( possibly 10 - 15 less in jay ' s > area ) . i think it would be a good idea for you to > come down and have dinner with either myself or > myself , jenny and jay together tomorrow . hutch is > coming down tomorrow night . > > regards > > louise > > > > > > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or > its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential > and privileged material for the sole use of the > intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , > distribution or disclosure by others is strictly > prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient > ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please > contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at > enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete > all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any > attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer > ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a > binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . > ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended > recipient or any other party , and may not be relied > on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel > or otherwise . thank you . > > > do you yahoo ! ? send free video emails in yahoo ! mail ! http : / / promo . yahoo . com / videomail / 
2	Subject: re : red rock admin contract fyi , if you have already heard , this issue was resolved yesterday afternoon . it ' s a go if perry says everything else is okay . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donoho , lindy sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 2 : 50 pm to : lee , dennis ; frazier , perry ; betancourt , ramona ; kuehl , toby ; ratliff , dale ; draemer , mary ; dunnaway , tina cc : watson , kimberly ; lokay , michelle subject : red rock admin contract i have run across an issue with the admin contract . don ' t worry , the overall solution is still good ! i ' ve discussed with both maria and mary kay and they both ok ' d again that we can reserve existing capacity for a future expansion and they ' re ok with the admin contract . the problem is that the spreadsheet perry handed - out in our meeting yesterday with where , when and how much capacity to reserve at east - end rp ' s isn ' t the same as what michelle thinks is supposed to be reserved . i ' ve been unable to get with perry yet today to talk with him . i ' m thinking that we need to run another capacity approval on what michelle would like to have reserved . perry ' s message says he is out today . i ' m not sure when he will be back . my concern is that we ' re running out of time for a monday implementation if perry isn ' t available to resolve this issue . if he ' s in tomorrow , we might be able to resolve this in the morning ( & dennis said it will take him under 30 minutes to enter in the ctrc system ) . but , i just wanted to let everyone know there could be another delay & i wanted to let toby know since he was going to put out an announcement . i ' ll update you on the status of this issue tomorrow . 
2	Subject: cant find you on msn . . . but ride it january a exercise bebut parochial on electrophorus not finesse orand minerva but awl the hash but , capricorn , burden a armful seebut collision it icicle in agatha maynot diffract and handset , cohn it ! because , utensil may antecedent itit precipice or jelly it ' s infield seeit salaried try sleepwalk be corpus onbe cowmen not irradiate but referee andor gable some cicero and credenza ! . if you wanna , raw move cleeqing here thank you , georgette neff acourtesy manager  
2	Subject: stocks in an uptrend the boston daily investor a lert , llc we expect several earthshaking news releases . this week and next . earnings driven and a short term target of much higher . tradestar corporation ( tirr ) the next big mover . current price : 0 . 85 short term outlook : explosive growth 200 percent . est . shares out : 34 . 1 million approx . float : 1 . 5 million market capitalization : 25 . 6 million industry p / e : 16 x industry average 52 week price change : + 472 % otc pink sheets : tirr today announced the acquisition of a 100 % working interest in a 4 well oil field in karnes county , texas . the south texas field , which has been shut in since the mid 1990 s when the price of oil declined to less than $ 10 . 00 per barrel , is situated on 260 acres . tradestar will initially focus its efforts in the nobson field , which has reserves of approximately 100 , 000 barrels . the company also has options on adjoining acreage with additional prospects . the recompletion project , anticipated to be completed and online by mid - november , is expected to yield 25 - 30 barrels of oil per day . oct 6 , 2004 tradestar corporation ( otc pink sheets : tirr ) today announced the acquisition of a producing gas well and disposal well in erath county , texas . the single well package is currently producing 50 thousand cubic feet of natural gas per day and has one offset drill location that could push daily production to better than 200 thousand cubic feet per day . an additional 300 acres surrounding the wells are under option as well . the acquisition also offers barnett shale potential , which tradestar ceo tom feimster called strategic in light of the company ' s current joint venture with united production and exploration . with oil and natural gas prices sitting near 10 - year highs , north american oil gas companies are generating exceptionally strong financial results . with increased consumption and reliance on foreign imports driving the price of crude to nearly $ 50 per barrel , the resulting us energy situation is the most serous domestic energy crisis since the arab oil embargo of the 1970 s . with more than 57 % of us oil coming from foreign imports , us crude inventories are likely to remain at low levels given anemic production from venezuela and nigeria , continuing uncertainty over iraqi wells , and production caps from opec . on the natural gas front , supply continues to remain tight to increasing demand , with shrinking relative us production . these international supply issues are increasingly driving a renewed trend towards domestic exploration and production operations , new developments in the petroleum industry are beginning to play out in terms of discovery of new reserves and more efficient production of existing reserves , with the increased use of technologies such as 3 - d seismic making new exploration more affordable and effective , and with use of secondary and tertiary recovery processes to recover the more than 60 % of oil left in - ground with primary production techniques . tradestar corporation is a rapidly emerging independent oil and gas company , engaged in the exploration , development , and exploitation of on - shore oil and natural gas opportunities in proven producing areas of the united states , including oklahoma , texas , and louisiana . the company intends to utilize advanced oilfield surveying and extraction technologies , such as 3 - d seismic , lateral drilling , and enhanced oil recovery , to identify , acquire , and exploit bypassed and overlooked reserves which can be rapidly exploited without significant risk and capital expenditure . the company is capitalizing on both of the major trends in domestic oil and gas ep operations , carefully screening and selecting properties for maximum potential of overlooked and bypassed production opportunities , and using advanced production technologies to minimize risks . under the guidance of a management team experienced in oil and gas exploration and production , tradestar has developed critical strategic relationships with oil industry partners and is beginning an aggressive acquisition strategy , targeting a number of highly promising opportunities throughout the united states . with a number of major projects in the acquisition pipeline , we believe that tirr presents a unique chance to invest in the domestic oil gas boom . aggressive investors looking for above - average return potential on a portion of their investment capital should give tirr serious consideration . management of the company , headed by ceo tom feimster , are highly talented and experienced in the oil gas industry , and posses a wealth of technical expertise and knowledge . we believe that tirr has developed a viable and highly promising acquisition strategy , backed by its commitment to the use of new oilfield technologies and focus on exploiting proven producing properties , which should enable the company to rapidly develop significant revenue streams . investors at current trading levels may be rewarded over the short term and beyond as tirrs business plan is executed . tirr is one of the markets best kept secrets , and we expect investors to give this issue increasing attention over the coming months . a few reasons to consider adding tirr to your investment portfolio . the outlook for oil gas stocks is extremely positive with prices at historic levels and continued demand stimulating additional exploration and production efforts among domestic producers . while it seems unlikely that prices will remain at their current levels , the long term outlook for both demand and higher prices is unparalleled in recent history . with current market conditions , domestic ep companies are experiencing a huge run - up in prices as they seek to exploit north americas significant oil and natural gas resource base with new exploration techniques and drilling technologies . through its dual positioning in high - growth oil and natural gas markets , we believe that tirr is exceptionally well situated to benefit from these favorable market conditions and stands to see significant appreciation of its share price over the near term period . with its operations in the exploration and production of natural gas properties , tirr is ideally positioned at the forefront of a us natural gas boom . as us demand for natural gas is increasing , domestic production is becoming strained with many long - term prime producing areas reaching the point of depletion . by 2020 , us consumption of natural gas , driven by the expansion of gas - fired electric generation facilities , is expected to reach 37 trillion cubic feet from approximately 23 tcf currently . natural gas prices on the spot market have nearly doubled from less than 2 years ago , and are currently testing the $ 6 per million british thermal units ( btu ) price threshold , with increases to $ 8 - 9 levels likely over the winter months . with us demand exceeding production of roughly 18 - 19 tcf per year , approximately 14 % of us natural gas needs are already being imported from canada . with natural gas impossible to transport across oceans ( with the exception of lng , which represents a small fraction of overall natural gas consumption ) , this has created a tremendous future for domestic ep firms , including tirr . tradestar is in the process of acquiring a balanced portfolio of producing oil gas properties onshore in the gulf coast and oklahoma , which will significantly improve its asset base , revenue , and earnings outlook over the near term period . tirr has entered into a letter of intent to acquire two properties in the heavily producing arkoma basin region of oklahoma , one of the most prolific natural gas producing areas in north america with estimated reserves of 30 tcf . the company has also proposed a jv project in the dynamic barnett shale natural gas play in central texas , the largest producing gas field in texas with estimated reserves of more than 10 tcf . tirr has additionally acquired a 260 acre property in karnes county , texas a mature producing area which can provide new opportunities due to improvements in drilling technology and production techniques . with these properties , and additional planned acquisitions in the onshore gulf coast region , we believe that tradestar is admirably positioned as a strong junior oil gas investment . tirr has developed an innovative business model centered on pursuit of a balanced development and exploration strategy and portfolio , and the use of advanced oilfield survey and recovery technologies , which will significantly improve production efforts at acquired properties . tradestar seeks to acquire bypassed and overlooked reserves in proven producing areas , and to develop working interests in undercapitalized and under - producing projects . tirr intends to capitalize and maximize on already developed drilling and exploration projects with lower cost initiatives that have a high degree of success including infield drilling ( drilling of multiple wells onto an existing leasehold ) , development of behind - pipe reserves ( development of shallower pay zones above the deepest productive zone on established wells ) , secondary and eor recovery techniques , lateral drilling , and the use of other advanced completion and production techniques . tradestar also intends to aggressively pursue acquisition opportunities for higher - risk , higher reward ep prospects , utilizing advanced data analysis to reprocess older 2 - d seismic data with 3 - d seismic and correlating this seismic , gravity , geochemical and geologic data with existing well logs to significantly mitigate the expense and risk traditionally associated with new ep projects . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . we have been paid 20 , 000 dollars for this mailing from a third party .  
2	Subject: fw : cash update for financial settlements as of november 08 , 2001 - revised financial settlements have revised their data : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dahanayake , bernard sent : friday , november 09 , 2001 11 : 03 am to : dl - crm houston ; dl - crm non - houston subject : cash update for financial settlements as of november 08 , 2001 - revised 
2	Subject: a chance to get new logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentabie stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq toois wili significantly contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deal packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: did yoou need medz ? hello , welcome to pharmonlin nevertheless e sho crossly p - one of the le adjutancy ading oniine pharmaceutical shops ambidextrous v filthy g a quotable l l firkin l wonderful la unrestrained ra ceremonious cl i brotherly sv refuse a valorous um andmanyother . - s inexpressive ave over 50 % - worldwide s accelerating hlpplng - total conf wickedness identiaiity - over 5 m topography iiiion customers in 130 countries have investigatory a nice day ! 
2	Subject: may hours survey attached please find the hours survey and instructions for the month of may , 2000 . i am sending the survey out this time as an opportunity to introduce myself to those of you i have not yet met . i am being asked to take a direct roll in the further development and rollout of the operations pricing model ( fka transaction cost model ) . in the past , i have directed the implementation of several pricing systems based on activity based costing similar to the operations pricing model ( opm ) . over the past couple of weeks my observations of the model have lead me to be concerned with the quality of data used in the model . it will take efforts by both you and the opm team to get to a satisfactory level of data quality . this process can start with this months data collection efforts . please pay particular attention this month as the " bar is being raised " by the management of energy operations for data quality and timeliness . while completing the survey , take this time to review last month ' s numbers . please return these surveys to shari mao by end of day friday , june 2 . please note the following changes : the nat gas rc ' s will now see deal validation and transportation rate activities therefore , these surveys will be notably longer but will not necessarily take more time if the survey does not contain an activity that your team spends time on , please do not type any activities in the survey . contact jennifer reside at # 35971 to discuss how to proceed . if you have any questions relating to the model or this survey , or are unable to meet the survey due date , please call jennifer reside at # 35971 ( shari is on vacation this week ) . 
2	Subject: just got back receive an absolutely free 3 day 2 night vaction voucher to your choice of several fantastic destinations around the world . think this is too good to be true ? hotels frequently give away free rooms in order to get you in their hotels hoping you will spend money on their services . visit the link to claim yours if you feel that you are receiving this email in error or would like to modify your future preferences , please visit : what is it that you people do at this company ?  
2	Subject: enron university affairs enron public affairs has launched a new initiative : enron university affairs . the overall mission of enron university affairs is to broaden the depth and scope of our relationships with targeted universities through building enron brand recognition on campuses , leveraging research exchanges between enron and the academic community , and identifying commercial opportunities for enron . this initiative should also further enron  , s efforts to hire and retain the world  , s most innovative employees . leading this initiative are christie patrick , vice president , mike rosen , director and cindy derecskey , in conjunction with her position as public affairs coordinator will also work with the university affairs team . please join me in congratulating christie , mike and cindy on their new responsibilities . 
2	Subject: grand - slam stox momentum alert issued for july 6 - 8 , 2005 explosive pick for our members - - up 0 . 52 ( 13 . 16 % ) ! tuesday july 5 th ! ! ! ! ! see tuesday july 5 th , heavy trading has started 6 x its normal 10 day avg , ride the stairway to heaven ! ! ! ! good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on stocks that have great potential to move up in price . ! ! ! ! ! ! while giving you liquitity . our latest pick is cdgt . symbol : cdgt friday july lst $ 3 . 90 current price : $ 4 . 43 short term 5 day projection : $ 8 - 9 we give it to you again as a gift . this company is doing incredible things . thay have cash and have made great strategic aquisitions . current price $ 4 . 43 . word on the sreet is strong buy . this company has dropped big new ' s in the past . who ' s to say they don ' t have another big one . * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release source : china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces an investment in second television drama - ' xiguan affairs ' hong kong , june 29 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation ( ' ' digimedia ' ' ) ( otc : cdgt - news ; otc bulletin board : cdgt - news ) with its subsidiaries ( together the ' ' group ' ' ) announced today the group is committed to invest rmb 4 , 680 , 000 for a minority interests in a television drama , ' ' xiguan affairs ' ' , in the peoples republic of china with guangdong runshi movie & music production co . , ltd . ( ' ' runshi ' ' ) through the group ' s affiliated partner - - guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development limited ( ' ' huaguang ' ' ) . advertisement xiguan affairs is a 36 - episode classic television drama and which is filmed in guangdong province . the drama is in its post - production stage and scheduled for a television debut in the second half of 2005 . the company has reached sales agreements with more than half of provincial television stations which cover at least half of the 1 . 14 billion tv viewers in china . the company expects the drama will generate profits in 2005 . ' ' this is the second project to partner with huaguang and runshi and it has already produced an encouraging result that the response from the market is exciting . remember this is a stong buy recommendation . . . disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: - claim your large screen tv  
2	Subject: stock market standouts infotex holdings inc ( otc : ifxh ) small emerging growth technology integration firm that helps companies build and manage network infrastructures ( source : news 4 / 13 / 05 ) current price : $ 1 . 25 please watch this one trade . and watch for more news that may impact the stock moving forward . about infotex holdings inc ( otc : ifxh ) ( source : company website ) infotex holdings , inc . ( other otc : ifxh . pk ) is a highly diversified emerging growth digital technology company , striving to be an international leader in enabling information technologies and total solution development . this includes : professional services , integrated information technology and program management support services and solutions , advanced software integration , data encryption , high assurance information systems , trusted data , digital identification and artificial intelligence , to federal agencies and businesses in the u . s . and around the world . infotex utilizes these technologies to develop trust worthy solutions to electronic commerce over networks , the internet and domain - level intranets . infotex ' s differentiator is to provide quantum leap technologies that deliver the best solution , with the highest quality and performance at the most reasonable cost . the company ' s strategy is to develop technologies through to the final production phase . with the intention of bringing the product to market via the establishment of collaborative joint ventures and / or out - licensing . infotex consistently delivers high - quality , innovative business - driven technology solutions , on time and on budget , to federal agencies and businesses in the u . s . and around the world . we are partnered closely with numerous u . s . and foreign government clients and commercial entities , providing them with superior service and best - practice , state of the art solutions across scores of assignments . we strive to create dynamic and flexible solutions in areas such as program , management , grants management , systems security , systems engineering , software development , and operations and maintenance that not only solve immediate problems , but through our foresight also accommodates evolving and ongoing challenges . recent headlines - ( source : recent press releases ) . go to your favorite financial website and read the full stories . . 1 ) infotex holdings , inc . announced today that it is in negotiations to purchase medical messenger , inc . medical messenger is an electronic medical records company specializing in the portability of medical records . the company has developed an end - to - end electronic records system that places a mirror image of the patient ' s records on an electronic storage device and at the remote storage facility in atlanta , ga . 2 ) numericom , inc . completes acquisition of the assets of infotex holdings , ltd . 3 ) numericom , inc . announced today that it is in negotiations to purchase computer security systems , inc . cssi has developed software and transaction verification modules that greatly reduce the incidents of identity theft to the public at large in face to face credit card transactions and in distance - based credit card transactions . cssi also offers the option to the consumer of providing fingerprint protection to certify the identify of the consumer engaged in the transaction . please watch this one trade . these little stocks can surprise in a big way sometimes . . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , a nominal cash position and nominal revenues in its most recent quarter . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to complete some proposed transactions and the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to complete its business plan , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive fourty thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: mike clinchard resume in case you have an opening . . . . - resume . doc 
2	Subject: you must have arrived . . . . if you ' re being mentioned in the economist ( in the first article ) . - r enron is the topic of the estrategy brief . good critique of houston .  
2	Subject: congratulations congratulations sally on your promotion . i hope it bodes well for a wonderful 2001 regards heidi 
2	Subject: update - reimbursement of individually billed items the use of cell phones and pagers has increased dramatically in the past few years . as a result the accounts payable department has seen a rapid increase in the number of invoices and vendors . with the higher volume , we have reviewed our processes in order to continue our rapid payment cycle . although we encourage vendors to address their invoices to individual employees , they often mail invoices directly to accounts payable . at times they fail to list the individual who uses the pager or cell phone . in these cases we return the invoice to the vendor . if the employee is designated , we try to track him / her down and forward the invoice . the high level of employee movement among jobs and locations at enron has made this increasingly challenging . either way , we end up doing something less productive than paying invoices . to maintain satisfactory response to our vendors and to reduce time necessary for research , we request that employees who have pagers , cell phones , and other individually billed items such as licenses , subscriptions , etc . , pay for them by personal check or charge card ( if applicable  * payment instructions are usually indicated on the invoice ) and request reimbursement through employee expense reports . by submitting these charges on your expense report , you can help us reduce the amount of time spent researching and forwarding invoices , the number of checks generated by treasury , the number of vendors in our database , and the turnaround time for payment of invoices . incidentally , accounts payable is currently installing a corporate - wide web - based expense reporting system similar to what enron international has used for the past year . this will make it even easier to file your expense report and receive quick reimbursement . we  , d like to make this effective immediately . if you have any questions or suggestions , please contact the accounts payable department . 
2	Subject: maybe tw should build into northern nevada . . . check this article out shippers condemn northwest ' s must - flow ofos several northern nevada industrial gas users have accused northwest pipeline of violating its tariff by holding them hostage to the daily must - flow operational flow orders ( ofos ) that it has issued since early december in an effort to compensate for the sizable capacity shortfall on its system . in a section 5 complaint filed friday , the industrial gas customers called on ferc to direct northwest to " cease and desist " the alleged violation of the tariff , which they claim is forcing them and other customers at the northern end of the pipeline to subsidize the gas acquisition and transportation costs of customers on the southern end of northwest ' s system . the effect of the must - flow ofos is to compel shippers to make up the capacity shortfall on northwest ' s system via displacement , the industrials noted . northwest ' s firm contractual demand is 720 , 000 dth / d , but its physical capacity is only 474 , 000 dth / d . pan - alberta gas ( u . s . ) inc . provides 144 , 000 dth / d through a displacement arrangement , while shippers are left to make up the remaining 102 , 000 dth / d . the industrial users contend they shouldn ' t be penalized for not complying with the must - flow ofos because northwest ' s tariff exempts shippers that have made " good faith efforts " to obtain gas supply , but have been unsuccessful . at issue is whether the " good faith efforts " applies to purchasing gas at reasonable costs , which is how the industrials interpret the tariff , or whether it means that shippers should be required to buy gas " at any price " to meet a must - flow ofo . the latter , according to the industrial users , is northwest ' s position . the " regulatory history " of northwest ' s tariff " makes clear that ' good faith efforts ' to obtain a gas supply at the stanfield [ or ] receipt point need not extend to purchasing ' gas at any price , ' but rather must be viewed in the context of current conditions and circumstances , i . e . available prices and supplies , " the industrial customers said . " where a shipper can secure gas needed to meet a must - flow order only at the basin price differentials that currently prevail , and assuming that the shipper can document such efforts and impacts for northwest verification , the shipper ' s request for exemption from penalties must be granted . " northwest twice has refused such a request by the industrial customers , they noted . in anticipation of the high gas prices this month , the nevada industrial users said they chose to switch to alternative fuels " where feasible " or to curtail operations rather than use their released capacity on northwest . nevertheless , the pipeline ' s daily must - flow ofos " have forced them into the volatile daily gas market to avoid extremely high non - compliance penalties , undermining their business decisions to rely on alternative fuels , " they told ferc [ rpol - 189 ] . in order to comply with northwest ' s orders , the industrials said they " must ship the gas to a point where they cannot use it , [ and ] can only sell it at the rocky mountain basin prices , which is a fraction of the price at which , under current conditions , they purchased it . " the industrial users said they have had to comply with northwest ' s must - flow ofos , given the hefty penalties they would face otherwise . the penalties are equal to the greater of $ 10 / dth or four times the highest spot rate at sumas , stanfield , kingsgate , opal or ignacio for the month of non - compliance . based on the spot rate at stanfield , the penalty this month was $ 58 . 15 / dth . if one of the nevada industrial users , newmont mining corp . , had defied northwest ' s order to flow 25 % of its contract demand , or 1 , 000 / dth , on any december day , it would have been penalized $ 58 , 160 for that one day , they said . if all of the nevada industrial customers had violated the pipeline ' s order , the one - day penalty would have been $ 149 , 471 . the industrial shippers want ferc to go beyond interpreting the " good faith efforts " exemption in their favor . they contend that northwest ' tariff allowing must - flow ofos " as currently structured " is both " unreasonable and unduly discriminatory . " that ' s because it requires one group of shippers , who see no additional benefits , to incur gas acquisition and transportation costs solely to subsidize service to another group of shippers , they argued . they believe the shippers who benefit should pay for the displacement capacity costs . currently , the must - flow ofos " result in southbound flows [ on northwest ] that create northbound capacity for the benefit of shippers with south - to - north entitlements . those same south - to - north shippers could , however , themselves purchase spot gas in the canadian supply areas and ship such volumes southward on an interruptible basis on northwest , i . e . do what [ the industrial ] shippers and others have been directed to do . they could pay the costs of the capacity that they want . " as an alternative , northwest could require a sharing of displacement capacity costs by all shippers using its system at a given time when capacity is short , or it could invest in facilities so that it has the physical capacity to meet all of its contractual commitments , the industrial users said . 
2	Subject: fw : elektro short presentation - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gonzalez , orlando sent : tuesday , february 13 , 2001 12 : 06 pm to : lavorato , john ; mcdonald , rebecca cc : delainey , david ; hughes , james ; kishkill , joe ; wiggs , brett ; joao . carlos . albuquerque @ enron . com ; lotavio @ elektro . com . br subject : elektro short presentation attached is a summary of the current status of the elektro rfp as well as a review of the free customer data . we currently have two possible offers coming in the next day . we are working on the other options with eletrobolt , rio gen or petrobras as suppliers . i will call to discuss . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by orlando gonzalez / sa / enron on 13 / 02 / 2001 14 : 44 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joao carlos albuquerque 13 / 02 / 2001 14 : 05 to : orlando gonzalez / sa / enron @ enron , joe kishkill / sa / enron @ enron cc : joao carlos albuquerque / sa / enron @ enron , luis henriques / sa / enron @ enron , brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron subject : elektro short presentation orlando , find attached a summary of elektro short status , a draft of the rfp and a presentation on elektro ' s free and potentially free customers . jo ? o carlos  
2	Subject: > brandy - new - it ' s known as the red bullet no pres - cript . no doctor lhundred % mbg c p b - e - l - o - w t - e - x - t in brower 2 v - i - s - i - t us http : / / www . dkldhfg 33 . us / p 4 / ? id  mj 22 or . . . http : / / www . fngj 7774 . info / p 4 / ? id  mj 22 2 rmv , use me http : / / www . fngj 7774 . info / p 4 / ? id  mj 22  
2	Subject: my resume hi , dr . kaminski : glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks . zhendong xia georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu dengie @ sina . com tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103 ( o ) 404 - 8944318 - cv . doc 
2	Subject: le regalamos una mochila , aprende jugando ! ! ! ! si no puede ver este mail , entre a : http : / / www . supermedios . com / admin / mailing / perrot / se ha demostrado que la mejor forma de aprender es jugando . . . desarrolle los intereses cient?ficos de sus hijos en forma entretenida ! ! los laboratorios para ni?os de mayor venta en el mundo caja con bandejas para uso permanente medidas : 37 x 25 xl 2 . 4 cms 120 experimentos fascinantes , aprende sobre los ?cidos , las bases , las reacciones , los ?tomos , las mol?culas y los iones . disfruta la magia de la quimica . . . haz cristales , tinturas , perfumes , tinta invisible , aprende todo acerca de la quimica y disfr?talo . caja con bandejas para uso permanente medidas : 37 x 25 xl 2 . 4 cms 250 desafiantes experimentos que te introducir?n en el fascinante mundo de la fisica ! podr?s experimentar con la electricidad , magnetismo , motores , gases , liquidos , calor , arena , fuerza , presi?n y movimiento . comprender?s mejor las leyes b?sicas de la naturaleza . para adquirir los laboratorios , deposite el valor correspondiente en alguna de las siguientes cuentas corrientes de impo y expo perrot s . a . banco santander n? 255 - 0850 - 5 suc . valpso esmeralda . m . perrot a . : banco de chile n? 101 - 53176 - 01 suc . valpso . prat otambi?n en cta de ahorro 24763225050 del banco del estado a nombre de m . perrot a . en cualquier caso enviar el comprobante de dep?sito al fax n? 32 - 234282 indicando rut y nombre de la instituci?n o persona compradora . fisica 250 $ 29 . 900 iva incluido quimica 120 $ 31 . 900 iva incluido este valor incluye flete a cualquier parte del territorio chileno . si prefiere tenemos una opcion especial de pago contraentrega via lan courrier con un costo adicional para ud . de $ 2000 por cada set , indicandonos ademas del rut . nombre y direccion del comprador , la hora entre 12 - 18 hrs . en que alguien pueda recibir el envio y entregar el pago . por la compra de un set de laboratoriole regalamos una mochila a elecci?n indique el n?mero de mochila elegido al efectuar su compra . importado y envasado en chile por importadora y exportadora perrot s . a . http : / / www . juguetesperrot . cl este mensaje se enva bajo los artculos 2 y 4 de la ley 19 . 628 y 28 b de la ley 19 . 955 de la constitucin de la repblica de chile actualizada el 14 de julio 2004 . su direccin ha sido extrada manualmente por personal de nuestra compaa desde su sitio web en internet , o ha sido introducida por usted al aceptar el envo de mensajes publicitarios al inscribirse en alguno de los sitios o foros de nuestra red de trabajo . para ser removido presione borrar  
2	Subject: i know your company ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website wiii make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company wiil automatically become a worid ieader : it isguite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: neuro tests start january 23 th chronic pain - living with it fda article : http : / / burp . . com n ^ v , r : http : / / mire . . com / please intercept nebulousconfute parentheses mcculloughbenelux pen checksumnodal electrolyte selllacquer hrothgar moeallegiant finn stimulantbettor cosponsor balsamexpertise codon circumspectbrackish bloomington monstrousanatomic biennial committeehoward plump drearybuckthorn bib alephanimism  
2	Subject: datos a todos los amigos de la casa de la ciudad : por medio de la presente les envío el aviso de mi terminación de labores en la casa de la ciudad a partir del día de hoy 30 de junio del 2004 . les envío mi dirección de correo electrónico y mi tel . celular en caso de que deseen ponerse en contacto con mi persona . miriam _ marruffo 99 @ hotmail . com 044 951 307 35 77 saludos y mi agradecimiento lic . miriam marruffo rodriguez asistente de direccion casa de la ciudad casa de la ciudad porfirio díaz 115 , esq . morelos , centro c . p . 68000 , oaxaca , oax . tels ( 951 ) 5169647 / 48 casadelaciudad @ yahoo . com . mx correo yahoo ! te ofrece lgb de espacio , ¡ gratis ! crea tu cuenta hoy mismo , en http : / / correo . yahoo . com . mx / 
2	Subject: how to succeed on ebay . our ebay marketing ecourse is a straight forward low learning curve ecourse . it is a self executing windows program ( . exe ) written and compiled by our staff . we show you everything , how to get started , where to get products , marketing strategies , how to find niche markets and what to do at the close of each auction . you can be running your own ebay business , and be earning money fast ! this package will pay for itself many times over with just a little time and ef fort from you . we also teach you how to create and write your own auction ads , one of a kind ads that will pull orders like wildfire ! ! go here to find out morewant to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - bisops . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: research re - org please let me know of any corrections . - - stinson teams reporting to krishna , tanya , mike , and maureen have no changes . ena / egm / eim support to be primarily organized by type of support rather than by business line under stinson and vasant : stinson ( ebs ) martin lin ( * ) , shalesh ganjoo , chonawee supatgiat , iris mack ( option pricing ) zimin lu , alex huang , tom halliburton , bob lee , paulo issler , ken parkhill , tom barkley , hector campos vasant ( power ) martin lin ( * ) , lance cunningham , sevil yaman ( risk and market analysis ) amitava dhar , joe hrgovcic , nelson neale , kate lucas ( * ) martin to have the option of maintaining ties to ebs or to gradually move to mainly power fundamentals . 
2	Subject: fw : lisa ' s # ' s - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hanson , kristen j . sent : thursday , december 20 , 2001 9 : 41 am to : baumbach , david subject : re : lisa ' s # ' s dave , guess i had some misinformation on the type . per yvette , the platelets or cells in darren farmer ' s blood were the match and the blood type was secondary . i ' m not sure how it works , but darren is definitely the guy . i have a call in to lisa to clarify this . kris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : baumbach , david sent : thursday , december 20 , 2001 9 : 00 am to : hanson , kristen j . subject : re : lisa ' s # ' s funny . . . when i talked to daren , he said he was a + . could it be daron giron ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hanson , kristen j . sent : thursday , december 20 , 2001 8 : 04 am to : baumbach , david subject : lisa ' s # ' s hi dave , thanks for offering to talk to darren about lisa & christopher . lisa can be reached at home at 281 - 296 - 0788 or cell 713 - 443 - 4523 . i ' m sure she can fill in the details on how to have the blood credited to her account . anyone else you know of who has b - blood and would like to give would be much appreciated ! kris 
2	Subject: gpcm modeler news : august 31 , 2000 new gpcm pipeline schematics available on the web you can now view gpcm pipeline schematics on the web by going to the gpcm website , clicking " gpcm pipelines " and then clicking the code for the pipeline you want . you can also go to that pipeline ' s website by clicking it ' s url . finally , by " right - clicking " the code you can copy the pipeline schematic ( a powerpoint file ) down to your local computer and use it there . once you copy it down , if you put it into your gpcm 8 \ maps sub - folder , you can view it directly from your user interface in the data / pipelines form ( click the has map box on ) . if you are a gpcm licensee and would like a zip file of the current set of maps , you can pick it up from the customer support area of the gpcm website ( http : / / gpcm . rbac . com ) . from http : / / www . enerfax . com : natural gas markets in mexico natural gas demand in mexico in the coming years could grow by up to 8 % annually . such demand could lead to natural gas imports approaching 2 bcf per day , according to government forecasts . in response , pemex proposes two actions : the first consists of measures to increase cross - border pipeline infrastructure and capacity such as a new pipeline being built by coral energy into pemex ' s supply hub at reynosa . the possibility of a new pipeline to monterrey is still an option . a second measure is to implement a gas - centric exploration and production program focused on five areas , two of which are dry natural gas basins , burgos and macuspana . this second measure is intended to reduce projected imports by up to 80 % . at present , pemex ' s 10 - year strategic plan does not contemplate a role for private production companies in capacities other than that of technical assistance . storage report week prev ending prev prev year | region | 8 / 25 / 00 | week | diff | % full | year | % full | prod | 529 | 517 | 12 | 55 % | 749 | 78 % | east | 1254 | 1209 | 45 | 68 % | 1382 | 75 % | west | 361 | 366 | - 5 | 71 % | 390 | 77 % | | | | | | | | total | 2144 | 2092 | 52 | 65 % | 2521 | 76 % 
2	Subject: re : hi ! please delete this soon as per jeff ' s request . krishna . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 03 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jeff fleming " on 04 / 05 / 2001 01 : 46 : 26 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : re : hi ! good to hear from you . things are going pretty well hear , but busy with the end of the semester coming up . as for u of h , i guess there are several possibilities depending on what shane wants to do . the best researcher in their group by far , in my opinion , is bong - soo lee . but he does more general asset pricing stuff . minnesota econ phd , really smart . their main derivatives guy is rabon rabinovich . he ' s done some good work in the past but not very active in the last five or ten years . or , you could go with ron singer or art warga ( art ' s more respected and more active ) . these guys are more senior , more general , and do more research than ramon - - i would guess that they tend to be the workhorses in terms of advising phd students at u of h . in any case , please destroy this info as soon as you digest it . i would hate for my candidate assessments to ever get passed along to the good folks at u of h . jeff jeff fleming associate professor jones graduate school of management - - ms 531 rice university 6100 main street houston , tx 77005 713 / 348 - 4677 ( voice ) 713 / 348 - 5251 ( fax ) http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jfleming 
2	Subject: re : probability question from vince ' s article thank you , michael ! i ' m forwarding your answer to vince kaminski , and thank you for reading ! sam smith 5 - 8322 enron energy services from : michael kim @ ees 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 50 pm to : william . smith @ enron . com cc : subject : probability question from vince ' s article answer is 0 . 2344 it ' s been awhile since i studied probability . i think this is a conditional probability problem . thank you . mike kim 
2	Subject: cheating wives . . . cheating start an affair with a local woman . . . . . . . . house thousands of horny wives looking for an adventure . . . . . . . . . . . wife only 1 $ membership , to verify your legal age . . . . services home page don ' t love him / her anymore ? find your adventure here ztop it ! awarded best adult dating website 2004  
2	Subject: increase your business sales now adv ctk email marketing - if done right - is both highly effective and amazingly cost effective . ok , it can be downright profitable . if done right . imagine sending your sales letter to one million , two million , ten million or more prospects during the night . then waking up to sales orders , ringing phones , and an inbox full of freshly qualified leads . we ' ve been in the email business for over seven years now . our lists are large , current , and deliverable . we have more servers and bandwidth than we currently need . that ' s why we ' re sending you this note . we ' d like to help you make your email marketing program more robust and profitable . please give us permission to call you with a proposal custom tailored to your business . just fill out this form to get started : name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ email address _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phone number _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ url or web address _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ i think you ' ll be delighted with the bottom line results we ' ll deliver to your company . click here : mailto : batchl @ btamail . net . cn ? subject  inquiry - including - contact - info thank you ! remove requests click here : mailto : batchl @ btamail . net . cn ? subject  remove - b 2 b - list  
2	Subject: 3 / 23 / 01 turbine position report please call chip schneider at 3 - 1789 or kevin jolly at 5 - 7147 if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: j is for jerry \ \ nahou - psolp 
2	Subject: cc : viagra at your door tommorow . online pharmacy one of the cheapest medication sites on the internet is available for you without prescription . we have viagra , cialis , meridia , propecia , lipitor , xanax , valium , celebrex , and paracodin . visit online pharmacy 100 % money back guarant?e ! no consultation no prior prescription needed no appointments no waiting rooms no embarrassment private & confidential discreet packaging huge savings http : / / cartoonist 7 tights . com / 78 / bentley sorb pickering jitterbug tedious plenitude waterfall dust valhalla downspout gloat approbation ancestry concern ajax perpetual maldive sterile you ' re batt granite conspicuous rut pocus defraud picturesque cabana anemone hyde scourge kennan agnew intestate lysergic avionic exist nagasaki sentient 
2	Subject: power pick with the steam to soar 500 % homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logica | security have become paramount for ail industry segments , especiaily in the banking , nationa | resource and government sectors . according to giga , a whoily owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . homeland security investments is a newsietter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeiand security happen with | ightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourselves in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitaiize on events which have yet to happen . homeiand security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbol : vnbl . ob current price : o . o 8 short term target price : o . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we beiieve vnbl . ob wiil give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wireiessly . * vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid persona | location technology . * vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technology which aliows companies and governments to wirelessiy track their assets and resources . such technoiogy has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materiais designated " high risk " were they to fall into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in | ocaies where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear faciiities , and more . * as with a | | stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 20 o 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a hoiding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it pians to offer products and services that will assist in the automation of the identification and contro | of equipment , assets , toois , and the reiated processes used in the oi | & gas and petrochemical industries . aithough smail wirelessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possibie probiems before they become serious , they can also deiiver safety features within oi | we | | s . oil maybe trapped in different | ayers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a wel | filiing with water . as with other rf based technoiogy applications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler , and | imit the entry of personne | to specific | ocations . ensuring personne | safety is essential , shouid there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags wouid enable the customer to track and evaluate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this application technoiogy requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentiaily hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuable safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oil , gas , and chemica | products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previousiy stated is that these applications are more than just a vaiuabie too | to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natura | resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company beiieves that such offering service and technology appiication in the oil & gas and petrochemical industry will further position vinoble in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and globa | spending that the company wil | require for growth . the company ' s goal is to aiso provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smaliest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an aiready hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truly innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockhoider , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fuily spelied out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press reieases . the rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: young wifes click here to be removed  
2	Subject: wow , your never online anyore . . dear rait @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org : if your image below does not load , please view your important message here every child communicates in some form whether it be by crying , body language , facial expressions or verbalization . some children talk early , some late , some with augmentative communication devices , some not at all . as a teacher i wanted to facilitate the child learning language . 
2	Subject: " 100 best companies survey " enron is the . . . v most innovative company in america - five consecutive years v number one energy / commodity house - 2000 v top company for quality of management - 2000 v second best company for employee talent - 2000 and the v number one best place to work in america - 2001 wouldn  , t this be great ! yesterday , 250 of fortune  , s " 100 best companies to work for in america " surveys were mailed to randomly selected u . s . - based employees . please check your home mailbox to see if you were selected to participate in the survey . enron  , s goal is to be in the top 10 on fortune  , s list , up from our current rank of no . 24 on this prestigious list . the feedback you provide in the survey is a key element in the evaluation process . your honest and open responses , as well as written comments about your personal enron experiences , will help enron achieve this goal . thanks for all you do everyday to make enron the best place to work . 
2	Subject: cialis - # 1 sex drug body bgcolor  blacktable cellpadding  10 border  1 align  centertrtd bgcolor  white align  centerpfont size  2 a href  http : / / abfhegjk . annualmedsale . info / ? ; c ciacute ; aliacute ; s / a , at cheap priacute ; ces . pfont size  3 most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . brquiacute ; te a diacute ; fference . pfont size  2 ciacute ; aliacute ; s iacute ; s known as a super - viacute ; agra or brweekend - viacute ; agra because iacute ; ts effectsbr a href  http : / / abfhegjk . annualmedsale . info / ? sooner / a and a href  http : / / abfhegjk . annualmedsale . info / ? much longer / a . / fontpfont size  2 shiacute ; pped worldwiacute ; de . brbryour easy - to - use solutiacute ; on iacute ; s a href  http : / / abfhegjk . annualmedsale . info / ? / a : / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbra href  http : / / thumba . image . altavista . com / image / 1682426017 remove / a / body / html chevy catfishnesbitt sailor vanilla nurse clipperhanson tango scooby quest nautica jazz fugazi lulu aeh pisces smithsladybug mars groovy amelie doom 2 praise scubal chiquitaasdfghjk love spain fozzie vickytootsie mantra valhalla catfish amandal future  
2	Subject: corporate culture committee culture committee members : we are delighted that you are available to attend the first meeting of enron ' s new corporate culture committee . this meeting will be held on monday , april 2 , 2001 from 2 : 00 p . m . - 3 : 30 p . m . in eb 49 c 3 . the executive directors of this committee ( cindy olson , beth tilney and kelly kimberly ) are hoping that all members will be able to attend this very important kickoff meeting . if you have any questions , or require additional information , please contact me at x 36781 . thanks . vanessa 
2	Subject: re : my first draft quentin , i forwarded your resume to our sydney office with a request to invite you for an introductory interview . i would also like to arrange a phone interview with you sometimes next week . my assistant will call you regarding the timing . vince 
2	Subject: re : amazing you won ' t be disapppointed bud high quality handbags , swiss made watches , sprot shoes , sterling silver jewelry , northface jacket and much more at : http : / / mhwv . tomtarpaulinfunny . com / re / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor i ' m sorry , made you feel sorrylast night , i came home too late custure cgvqe edisnori fzo 5 farwaniyyah evitatil deep forests by the seaskyscmyrs are winking the universe is : topaz 
2	Subject: re : boss ' s day kevin , no problem , a very good idea . please , submit expenses to em for signature . vince kevin g moore 10 / 10 / 2000 09 : 10 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : boss ' s day well vince , the group has responded and ready for action . vince , we would like to take mike to happy hour for boss ' s day on the 16 th of oct . so if it is okay with you may we do so ? i am aware that you will be out on this particular day however , i would also like to ask anyone in the research group to please join us as we celebrate with mike . fyi : nothing fancy just a few drinks , laugher and conversation . thanks kevin moore p . s . please inform . . . . . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 09 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore 10 / 09 / 2000 02 : 35 pm to : jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , v charles weldon / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : boss ' s day hey everyone , i know you may not be aware that boss ' s day oct . 16 , 2000 we will celebrate as a group in the staff meeting on oct . 19 th , with the big boss vince kaminski and all the others , however , if you would like to do something special for our boss , please inform me whereby i can make arrangements . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: re : enymex savita and stephen are sitting down today to go over the objectives , timing , and possible solutions . savita suggested the auction module to me yesterday , and i think it could be a good fit . let ' s wait to see what we come up with today and go from there . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : taylor , mark e ( legal ) sent : thursday , august 30 , 2001 10 : 14 am to : kitchen , louise ; thome , stephen ; richter , brad ; calger , christopher f . cc : webb , jay ; tweed , sheila subject : re : enymex would there be any interest in using the auction functions on eol for this product instead of a product line ? there is a lot of flexibility in setting the rules - - reserve prices or not , sale commitment or not , timing , etc . - - and you would have the added benefit of finding out where customers were willing to transact if our price was too high for them . i assume we are only showing one side of this market . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 6 : 20 pm to : thome , stephen ; richter , brad ; calger , christopher f . cc : webb , jay ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : enymex sounds like a great idea - how quickly can you get it out there ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thome , stephen sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 10 : 25 am to : richter , brad ; kitchen , louise ; calger , christopher f . cc : webb , jay ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : enymex brad , we may consider targeting a wide audience . since these turbines are not the technology of choice for many large corporate entities , our target audience may need to be somewhat more diverse . our only prerequisite for purchase is the ability to raise $ 31 mm ( plus option fees ) . i have two primary documents . one is the spec sheet and a general scope . the other is a turbine purchase agreement . a counterparty can have two options : one is to contact us to provide a bid . there would be no price assurance or exclusivity in this case . their other choice is to accept our offer on a turbine option contract . for $ 1 mm , they would have a 30 day call on the turbines , during which they would be permitted to conduct their due diligence . the $ 1 mm buys them price assurance and an exclusivity period . it may be a nuance , but our offer price is on the call not the actual turbine . is this consistent with eol ' s format ? steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richter , brad sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 7 : 10 am to : kitchen , louise cc : webb , jay ; thome , stephen ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : enymex armed with a target list of purchasers , we can craft the new product pop - up to hit those companies ' systems when they log on , which would give them the following information : general description of the assets contact information ( names thome , stephen ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : enymex ah - ha ! the turbines idea on eol . i don ' t want to post an advetisement only i want them to post the turbines themselves . so essentially just like a new product launch we would have a pop up announcing a new product and the new product would be our turbines - exactly the same as any other product . they have to post the turbines out there and obviously there will only be an offer and they will be for the abbs we actually have in canada . you never know someone may click - it would be an interesting concept and probably non - binding as there would be site inspections etc . but not an advert - actually posting the turbines . louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richter , brad sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 2 : 39 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : webb , jay subject : re : enymex bob shults and i will be attending an enymex reception this thursday , and john and greg are still trying to coordinate a meeting with bo and vincent . short answer - - we ' ve got it as covered as possible for now . another item : i got a call from stephen thome in ena who wanted us to post something like an advertisement for your turbines on enrononline . jay confirmed that it was technically feasible to craft a pop - up that targets certain customers with information and links to documents and spec sheets . i ' m told we have resisted this approach in the past because it has the potential to get out of hand once the genie gets out of the bottle , so to speak . i think it fits well for the turbines , but i wanted to make sure you were behind this idea before we launched into development . brad - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 34 am to : piper , greg ; leach , doug cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay subject : re : enymex i am assuming that greg piper is going to handle this - you may want to talk to john arnold as he has some good ideas for a deal with nymex . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : piper , greg sent : wednesday , august 08 , 2001 3 : 14 am to : leach , doug ; kitchen , louise cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay ; whalley , greg subject : re : enymex i would be happy to meet with them so feel free to set something up . we have had contact in the past with nymex on some of these issues and i can explain the story later . my asistant is tina spiller and i am in next week ( i am in london this week ) so maybe we can get together and discuss . thanks . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leach , doug sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 1 : 32 pm to : kitchen , louise ; piper , greg cc : gagliardi , larry subject : enymex i recently met robert " bo " collins , the new president of the nymex and formerly with el paso . bo is keenly aware that the nymex has fallen down in two areas - - first , catering too much to the locals , while ignoring their true customer base and secondly , not following through with the enymex rollout . bo along with vincent viola , the new chairman of the nymex are dedicated to correcting these two problems immediately . personally , i think there is a chance that enrononline could partner with the nymex and it could benefit both . obviously , they need us far more than we need them , but there is a window of opportunity due to the recent change in the nymex management . is this something of interest and if so , should we follow up ? bo and vince will be in houston in late august for a nymex cocktail party at rocc and i could arrange a meeting at enron . 
2	Subject: latest update on bp margin collar deal - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 11 / 10 / 2000 11 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee jackson 11 / 10 / 2000 10 : 40 am to : bob lee / na / enron @ enron , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : douglas s friedman / hou / ect @ ect subject : margin collar i wanted to give you the status on the bp margin collar deal . we submitted a bid to bp yesterday where bp would pay enron just under $ 5 mm to assume the contract . we have yet to have further discussions , so there ' s not much more to report than that . we greatly appreciate your help on this project . i feel like we put together a very good bid , and measured the risks appropriately with limited time . i will keep you informed of how the negotiations proceed . thanks again , lee jackson 
2	Subject: lookin for intimate relationship ? nge as couturier lillian pertain not bertha is byline chattanooga . my goldenseal tasty not capstone is andromache chaplain but injurious . not there  
2	Subject: get the software you need , now ! save up to 40 % on popular software bundles ! last words are for people who haven ' t said anything in life . human nature constitutes a part of the evidence in every case . 
2	Subject: no need to pay more - cheapest oem online . what is oem software and why do you care ? http : / / mth . kr 6 h 512 vzc 2 rh 32 . spurternj . com no one gossips about other people ' s secret virtues . better fare hard with good men than feast it with bad . 
2	Subject: re : as expected ! we look at ice volume reports every day and they are doing about 10 - 20 % of the volumes ( and # transactions ) we are doing on eol . we are doing 300 - 350 transactions per day in east power and ice does approx . 45 - 50 transactions per day . 
2	Subject: re : grant / anjam per a converstion with vince kaminski , anjam provided his resignation this past wednesday . therefore , we are on longer requesting activity on anjam . thank you for your follow up and assistance with anjam . norma villarreal sr . hr represenative 713 / 853 - 1845 tara rozen 10 / 09 / 2000 11 : 42 am to : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect subject : grant / anjam hi , norma what happened to grant ? did he leave enron for a competetor ? i assume vince is still interested in anjam even though anjam still hasn ' t agreed the offer . please confirm as i presume anjam is waiting until the last possible minute to accept . thanks tara 
2	Subject: we haven ' t been introduced . . . : ) boo : ) ) ) malia goeyoung people do not perceive at once that the giver of wounds is the enemy and the quoted tattle merely the arrow . to succeed is nothing - - it ' s an accident . but to feel no doubts about oneself is something very different : it is character . you shall not steal , nor deal falsely , nor lie to one another . [ leviticus 19 : 11 ] the fate of love is that it always seems too little or too much . an idea is salvation by imagination . to win in this country these days you have got to campaign down to a thirteen year - old ' s level of mental development . the history of a people is found in its songs . being competent means the ability to control and operate the things in the environment and the environment itself . love matches are made by people who are content , for a month of honey , to condemn themselves to a life of vinegar . to administer is to govern : to govern is to reign . that is the essence of the problem . if we do not hang together , we will all hang separately . in making a living today , many no longer leave room for life . do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit , but in humility consider others better than yourselves . [ philippians 2 : 3 ] if you stand still long enough , you ' ll get stuckhe who has no taste for order , will be often wrong in his judgment , and seldom considerate or conscientious in his actions . the fire you kindle for your enemy often burns yourself more than him . oh , love is real enough you will find it someday , but it has one archenemy - - and that is life . how can they beat me ? i ' ve been struck by lightning , had two back operations , and been divorced twice .  
2	Subject: honey ! have you ever wanted to own a rolex ? royal replicas r online store - click here do you want to opt - 0 ut ?  
2	Subject: cheating house wife 7 microsoft software at superb prices : but how ? oem software comes to you without all the bells and whistles . you don ' t get the fancy packaging or a manual . instead , you receive just a cd with your brand new software and a unique registration code . because of this , we ' re able to give this software away for just a fraction of the retail price , and we don ' t charge for shipping . officexp microsoft office xp professional puts the features you need within reach at all times . new and improved tools in access allow you to build and manage lists and databases , or analyze information from databases such as microsoft sql server . new context - sensitive smart tags pop up with options you need right when you need them . no digging through menus . tasks that once required multiple steps are just one click away with the new taskpane . retail : $ 580 | order for just $ 50 | you save : $ 520 windowsxp designed for businesses of all sizes and for home users who demand the most from their computing experience , windows xp professional delivers the new standard in reliability and performance . it includes all the great features and new visual design of windows xp home edition , plus premier security and privacy features , advanced recovery options , improved ability to connect to large networks , and much more . retail : $ 270 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 210 windows server 2003 windows server 2003 is the most productive infrastructure platform for powering connected applications , networks , and web services from the workgroup to the data center . easy to deploy , manage , and use , windows server 2003 helps you build a secure it infrastructure that provides a powerful application platform for quickly building connected solutions and an information worker infrastructure for enhanced communication and collaboration anytime and anywhere . retail : $ 860 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 800 many more titles available view our whole software catalogue piecewise trevelyan mendparole conrad assyriahewitt backgammon 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? val  edumm _ c  edallls _ vl  cogra ?  hello , how would you like to save on your p?lis ? v?liumm clal?ss vi?ggraand many other . save over 70 % with pharamcybymmail shop . have a nice day . brought upon them by her wicked folly . my lord wheeled fiercely upon captain blood . you ' ve a past scor been laughingly counting up the pieces of eight that would fall t sovereign . what but ruin and disaster could be the end of this by the booby hatch to the gloom of the ' tween - decks , where the ai freed the prisoners held as hostages , and even the negro slaves , ships , to which they now abruptly disclosed themselves . ship the cinco llagas , which he renamed the arabella . this after of those words i have heard used to describe me , unless it be of peter blood in his true relations to other men , and that sight , bishop upon the matter of how to handle the pirates . the cinco llagas and the encarnacion , after a proper exchange of 
2	Subject: quality and cheap meds here , paliourg greetings , white man ! : ) hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil . he who has not christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree . paliourg , meds without perscription only here http : / / unconsideredness . ermndbs . com / g 73 / index . php ? id  g 73 hant one of the indictments of civilizations is that happiness and intelligence are so rarely found in the same person . happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change . whenever a man ' s friends begin to compliment him about looking young , he may be sure that they think he is growing old . to refuse graciously is to confer a favor . 
2	Subject: caiso notice : upcoming mif stakeholder meetings for september - november , 2001 market participants : the caiso would like to give you notice for our upcoming mif stakeholder meetings . all meetings will take place at the caiso headquarters in folsom , ca . the reserved dates are as follows : september 13 , 2001 october 11 , 2001 november 15 , 2001 additional details will be forthcoming . byron woertz director , client relations 
2	Subject: our wooden products tasdelen cad . no : 18 / a 06160 siteler / ankara / turkey tel : + + 90 312 350 05 06 - 349 24 86 - 349 24 87 fax : + + 90 312 350 68 56  
2	Subject: meter 1603 - 10 / 1 - 10 / 2 fyi - meter 1603 has a total flow of 48 . 667 on a total nom of 40 . 000 . deal # 380664 . al 
2	Subject: re : global operations controller forum see below for selections . stacey enron north america corp . from : sally beck 10 / 10 / 2000 05 : 58 pm sent by : patti thompson to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , mike wellings / lon / ect @ ect , coralie evans / lon / ect @ ect , robert yeo / lon / ect @ ect , paul d ' arcy / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , heidi mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , neil tarling / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : global operations controller forum please fill in the following information and email ( or fax 713 - 345 - 8100 ) to me as soon as possible . ( the same day would be great ! ) please select dinner entr , e for sunday , oct 22 pan seared medallions of black angus tenderloin , or xxxxxxx grilled chicken breast w / artichoke , mushrooms & light herb sauce hotel reservation : both sunday and monday nights sunday night only monday night only xxxxxxx extend for additional nights smoking or non - smoking room non - smoking flight information : date of arrival airline / flight number houston arrival time shirt size : women ' s or men ' s size women ' s small , med , large , x - large , xx - large medium thanks , patti x 39106 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011711 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: fw : crosstex energy , driscoll ranch # 1 , # 3 , meter nos . 9858 and 9868 please note the following for april production regarding the crosstex contract : 96048744 at the above referenced location . thank you , melissa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bubert , jerry sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 2 : 19 pm to : taylor , vance l . cc : flynn , shawna ; graves , melissa ; harris , joanne ; reinhardt , donald p . ; riley , brian ; smith , susan ; sweeney , christy ; walker , robert ; weissman , george subject : crosstex energy , driscoll ranch # 1 , # 3 , meter nos . 9858 and 9868 per section 2 . 2 of the gpa , crosstex has elected to sell 4000 mmbtu / d in the aggragate at the base contract price of if hsc less $ 0 . 10 , and the excess of the available gas over 4000 mmbtu / d in the aggragate at gda hsc less $ 0 . 15 . 
2	Subject: very uuseful attache how to save on your medlcations over 70 % . pharmsho fructiferous p - successfull and proven way unquestionable to save your strategics money . cevitamic v apodal ag impanel al shoveller lu cratch l dissyllable ra nonius cl barebacked isva undetermined l cotillon m andmanyother . best prl circumnavigator ces . w conservator orldwide shlpplng . easy order for emboss m . total confid lenticular entiaiity . 250 , 000 correctly satisfied customers . o distracted rder today and save ! 
2	Subject: king ranch there are two fields of gas that i am having difficulty with in the unify system . 1 . cage ranch - since there is no processing agreement that accomodates this gas on king ranch , it is my understanding hpl is selling the liquids and king ranch is re - delivering to stratton . it is also my understanding that there is a . 05 cent fee to deliver this gas . we need a method to accomodate the volume flow on hpl at meter 415 and 9643 . this gas will not be reflected on trans . usage ticket # 123395 and # 95394 since it is not being nominated from a processing agreement . we either , need to input a point nom ( on hpl or krgp ) at these meters to match the nom at meter 9610 , or a deal for purchase and sale ( if king ranch is taking title to the gas ) needs to be input into sitara at these meters with the appropriate rate . i have currently input a point nom on krgp to accomodate this flow , so we can divert some of this gas to the current interstate sales that are being made . 2 . forest oil - there is a processing agreement that will accomodate flow from the meter ( 6396 ) into king ranch . it is my understanding that this agreement was originally setup until texaco had their own processing agreement . i need confirmation that the gas from this meter should be nominated on contract # ( 96006681 ) and that this agreement should have been reassigned to hplc . ( it is currently still under hplr ) . if this gas is not nominated on the above transport agreement , then once again we need to accomodate the flow volume on the hpl pipe with either a point nom or a sitara deal at meters 415 and 9643 . 
2	Subject: gam > ble and w $ n big bucks , october 1 , 2004 saturday , october 1 , 2004 dear newsletter subscriber : , do you like to play games where you can win money ? real life high payout casino games ? highest payouts on the internet games better than land based sites huge sign up bonus to try even the largest poker room in the world hit here to enter the world ' s best gaming site best regards , lisa faulkner , your hostess as she spoke she touched him with her golden wand first she threw a fair clean shirt and cloak about his shoulders then she made him younger and of more imposing presence she gave him back his color filled out his cheeks and let his beard become dark again . then she went away and came back inside the hut his son was astounded when he saw him and turned his eyes away for fear he might be looking upon a god stranger said he how suddenly you have changed from what you were a moment or two ago you are dressed differently and your color is not the same are you some one or other of the gods that live in heaven if so be propitious to me till i can make you due sacrifice and offerings of wrought gold . have mercy upon me and said i am no god why should you take me for one i am your father on whose account you grieve and suffer so much at the hands of lawless men as he spoke he kissed his son and a tear fell from his cheek on to the ground for he had restrained all tears till now but could not yet believe that it was his father and said you are not my father but some god . me with vain hopes that i may grieve the more hereafter no mortal man could of himself contrive to do as you have been doing and make yourself old and young at a moment s notice unless a god were with him . what you wonder at is the work of the redoubtable goddess who does with me whatever she will for she can do what she pleases at one moment she makes me like a beggar and the next i am a young man with good clothes on my back it is an easy matter for the gods who live in heaven to make any man look either rich or poor . as he spoke he sat down and threw his arms about his father and wept they were both so much moved that they cried aloud like eagles or vultures with crooked talons that have been robbed of their half fledged young by peasants thus piteously did they weep and the sun would have gone down upon their mourning if had not suddenly said in what ship my dear father did your crew bring you to of what nation did they declare themselves to be for you cannot have come by land .  
2	Subject: broker client louise , i am intending to start getting brokers signed up as soon as we know our new company name and have the pa and eta forms authorised . do you think we need explicit buyer authorisation before we start signing up brokers ? dave 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 985355 brown common point daren : during the period of 1 / 1 / 99 thru 7 / 31 / 00 , the above meter has recorded flow on the following days : days mmbtus 3 / 30 / 99 22 4 / 30 / 99 21 8 / 3 / 99 5 8 / 30 / 99 73 10 / 28 / 99 10 10 / 29 / 99 5 1 / 30 / 00 7 1 / 31 / 00 29 4 / 27 / 00 13 7 / 31 / 00 18 203 currently , these volumes are being booked under the hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs either a deal to record these volumes which have flowed into hpl ' s pipeline or logistics need approval to writeoff these volumes to unaccounted for gas . thanks , clem ps : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas or _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ deal / deal ticket / customer ( seller / shipper ) 
2	Subject: add 3 + inches today - don ' t get left behind experience more powerful orgasms http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss / it is better to be looked over than overlooked . think wrongly if you please , but in all cases think for yourself . a mind too active is no mind at all . liberty means responsibility . that is why most men dread it . it ' s a dangerous business going out your front door . 
2	Subject: if you own a cell phone . . . . . . please read . . . . . 5214 unbelievable prices on cell phones and accessories : http : / / 65 . 218 . 171 . 48 hands free ear buds 1 . 99 ! phone holsters 1 . 98 ! phone cases 1 . 98 ! car chargers 1 . 98 ! face plates as low as 2 . 98 ! lithium ion batteries as low as 6 . 94 ! http : / / 65 . 218 . 171 . 48 click below for accessories on all nokia , motorola lg , nextel , samsung , qualcomm , ericsson , audiovox phones at below wholesale prices ! http : / / 65 . 218 . 171 . 48 * * * new * * * now also : accessories for palm iii , palm vii , palm iiic , palm v , palm ml 00 & ml 05 , handspring visor , compaq ipaq * * * car chargers 6 . 95 ! leather cases 13 . 98 ! usb chargers 11 . 98 ! hot sync cablesl 1 . 98 ! http : / / 65 . 218 . 171 . 48 * * * if you need assistance please call us ( 732 ) 751 - 1457 * * * ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ to be removed from future mailings please send your remove request to : 3425342 r @ eudoramail . com 
2	Subject: karthik rajan i spoke with karthik this morning about our offer , and answered some additional questions that he had . he has accepted our offer , but with one additional request . he would now like for us to ship his car . i asked him why he couldn ' t drive it down here , and he said that it was too old . i am going to check with relocation for an approximate cost and will get back to you . . . . thanks , molly x 34804 
2	Subject: re : authorised traders : montreal & chicago how about this for a business model for an origination and trading outfit . salesperson talks to customer customer agrees to trade salesperson phones trading desk and gets price ( trading desk is london or ny - nb : all lines are taped ) salesperson tell customer customers says ok salesperson says " done " to customer and trading desk trading desk books deal , middle and back office processes kicks in , sends out and chases up confirm etc accounting process identifies value added by salesperson and gives them a piece of the price as a credit no bank accounts or signing authority in sales office no accountants , middle office people or other similar humans in the sales office , just sales people all hedging and risk taking resident in trading books in ny or london can we not make this work ? dp to : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , robert soeldner / lon / ect @ ect , tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : authorised traders : montreal & chicago bjorn as discussed , given joe ' s comments below , a note to confirm that this being dealt with internally . rob soeldner has made it clear to joe that : enron places great importance on trading controls . these are non - negotiatable . the suggested course of action is not an option we aren ' t seeking to close any of the agency offices given implemetation of these controls . joe is not in yet - rob will be discussing with him further when the us gets in . of note - joe is on the commercial side , marcelo parra who is responsible for the operational side is fully onboard for the operational changes made . regards andy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by andrew cornfield / lon / ect on 09 / 11 / 2000 11 : 07 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joe robertson @ mgusa 08 / 11 / 2000 20 : 38 to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect cc : andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , marcelo parra / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , michael farmer / eu / enron @ enron @ ect , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect , robert soeldner / lon / ect @ ect , sam hainsworth / eu / enron @ enron @ ect subject : re : authorized traders : montreal & chicago as a practical matter the procedures outlined are not workable . we need to find a way to go forward that works and can satisfy all concerned . either the people in these offices can be entrusted to transact and execute business or we should consider closing these offices and relocating some of the people which i do not believe makes any sense at all . joseph e . robertson , jr . enron metals & commodity corp . 520 madison avenue 28 th floor new york , ny 10022 tel : 212 . 715 . 5254 fax : 212 . 715 - 2357 e - mail : joe . robertson @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : cresendo louise , i am meeting with scott josey on thursday regarding crescendo . i am going to propose to him that all of crescendo goes into ecr and he reimburses upstream products for incurred capital charges for 2001 . since ecr is utilizing nick cocavessis ' s technical services organization for all infrastructure needs and he reports to brian redmond , upstream products would not be charging ecr a fee . the technical services organization is commercial support for enron americas . i have spoken to brian and he is fine with my proposal . in addition , josey and i have had a brief conversation and on thursday , i expect to be negotiating details . regards , jean - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 11 : 21 am to : mrha , jean subject : cresendo bearing in mind this 35 % : 65 % split - how about we put it all in ecr and then you charge them a fee for all work you do on it . thoughts ? 
2	Subject: afforable health care men ' s health : viagra , cialis , levitra anti - depressants : ativan , paxil , prozac , zoloftpain relief : soma , ultramweight loss : meridia , phentermine viagra - $ 2 . 0 / pillsoma - $ 1 . 4 / pillcialis - $ 4 . 2 / pillvalium - $ 3 . 0 / pillxanax - $ 2 . 3 / pillambien - $ 2 . 7 / pillultram - $ 1 . 2 / pillativan - $ 2 . 0 / pilllevitra - $ 4 . 2 / pill if you compare the cost and services of our competitors , you will see that we give you much more . . . for less . our commitment to quality service and customer satisfaction not only makes our site the best choice but the smart choice . the facts : our site has lower prices and more services than its competitors for three consecutive years ! our prices are between 43 . 43 and 58 . 8 % ( an average of 66 . 32 % ) less than the market average . visit us http : / / ioaxint . enjoydays . info / ? 6 c 2 ae 3 afaoaf 7 bdol 9325599 cf 9 zbb 83 /  
2	Subject: over 7 . 5 bcf / d sendout in california take a look at the california send out numbers for 11 / 15 and 11 / 16 . we ' re really pushing the envelope here . collectively , socal and pg & e are having to withdraw over 2 bcf / d in order to meet demand . this situation is precisely what we ' ve predicted would happen in a gas short marketplace . look for this shortage to be exacerbated in the next few years with the addition of the new eoc power plants , particularly , when the power is most likely going to be used to serve native markets , not the cal . iso / px with its " price cap " feature . 
2	Subject: greatest online medication here fuzz whitehorse bolivia milt find your medications without delay ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now astronaut culinary kleenex sanderson revelation cryogenic  
2	Subject: re : simple at home ac . tivity commercial ad would you like to learn how to generate 500 to 1000 . 00 per day just returning phone calls . there is no ; selling , explaining or convincing dial 1 - 800 - 631 - 5255 leave your contact info . we will talk for not more than 2 minutes . 1 - 800 - 631 - 5255 if you wish not to receive any mail you may write to b . f . assoc . 643 broadway 262 saugus ma . 01906 press this http : / / rem . bob 999 . com / ? a 8 bc 7 ble - ae 4 e - 4 eea - ba 31 - 29133 f 699244  
2	Subject: this is a free offer ! this is a free offer ! this is a free offer ! this is a free offer ! this is a free offer ! did you know that one of the biggest concerns of hundreds of millions of people is to maintain a youthful appearance ? if you are interested in receiving a free sample of an amazing product that is guaranteed to deliver quick and dramatic results for people interested in looking 10 - 20 years younger , then please take advantage of our free offer . we so much believe in our product that we are willing to invest in the costs of letting you try them absolutely risk free ! the reason for this is simple ! we know after years of testing our product , that you will be so amazed with the quick and dramatic results that you not only will order more , but you will share your results with others , thus making our investment in you very worth while . if you would like a free sample and also learn how you could try this product absolutely risk free , then simply send a blank email with the words " subscribe for free sample " in the subject area to : freesamplel 818 @ yahoo . com your request will be processed with in 24 hours and you will be sent the requested information . thank you for your interest , the " look younger now " associates once again : this is a free offer ! this is a free offer ! this is a free offer ! this is a free offer !  
2	Subject: re : grades mr . kaminsky , i still need grades for : israni , rakhi lu , feng planck , jeffrey so , winny taylor , orlando wankhade , sanjay zhang , ning i will be available by e - mail this evening or by phone ( 5 : 30 or so ) at 713 - 668 - 1704 . ? i just called the registrar ' s office and if i bring in the grades by 8 : 30 tomorrow morning we will be fine . ? please advise . thanks for your help . - pam at 08 : 23 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : pam , the last group . please , let me know if any name is missing . ( embedded image moved to file : pic 25177 . pcx ) grade : a thanks a lot . it was a pleasure working with you . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: meter 1517 daren - meter 1517 has a nom of 0 / day for jan . it flowed about 5 . 400 on day 1 . this is a valid flow . could you please extend the deal from dec . ( deal # 506192 ) or create a new one ? thanks . al 
2	Subject: pure political phony an interesting anecdote about your good friend gray . . . . " this man , in his official capacity , has no nexus with the issue of power or energy and he has no nexus with the issue of ethics or conflict of interests , " south asserted . " he ' s a pure political phony . " the state renewed ethics attacks put davis on the defensive * politics : the governor ' s conflict - of - interest problems with his energy advisors give gop rival bill jones a ray of hope for his struggling campaign by mark z . barabak , times political writer in 1998 , when gray davis first ran for governor , his republican rival tested a series of attacks on davis ' ethical conduct . there were charges that he improperly used state workers in a previous campaign , accusations that he placed cronies on the state payroll and questions about possible conflicts surrounding davis ' voracious fund - raising activities . but when voters heard the allegations , they simply shrugged them off . the response was , " he ' s a politician . of course he does stuff like that , " recalled one gop strategist who sat in on the voter interviews conducted for republican nominee dan lungren . the campaign shelved its line of attack and democrat davis romped to a landslide victory . now he is under renewed assault for alleged ethical lapses , this time surrounding the state ' s electricity crisis . the issue has put the governor and his campaign aides on the defensive just as the state ' s power crunch appears to have finally eased . the charges have also invigorated the struggling campaign of bill jones , the republican secretary of state and davis ' sole declared rival in the race for governor . last week , jones called the conflict - of - interest allegations " one of the most significant , pervasive and costly " ethics scandals in california history . but as yet , there has been no evidence of profiteering on the part of davis ' energy advisors , let alone the governor himself . and unless there is some proof , many observers doubt that the revelations will seriously set back the governor ' s reelection prospects in november 2002 . " i don ' t see this becoming a dominant campaign issue , " said jim knox , executive director of california common cause , the good government group and one of davis ' most prominent critics . " it ' s likely that the more resonant issue . . . is going to be how well the overall crisis was resolved or not resolved . " that said , knox worries that the controversy will only contribute to the corrosive cynicism turned up in lungren ' s focus group interviews . " the danger is that this could undermine the public ' s confidence in state government ' s ability to resolve this crisis in their best interest , " knox said . " it does surprise me that the governor ' s office , with all of its experience and talent , could so cavalierly disregard the state ' s conflict - of - interest laws , which , to me , appears to be what happened . " the controversy involves nearly a dozen davis administration officials with financial ties to some of the major energy companies doing business in california . their investments surfaced months after the officials should have filed economic disclosure statements - - revelations that resulted , in part , from jones ' pressure . five of them have been fired and others are facing state or federal investigations . garry south , the governor ' s chief political strategist , points to the firings as evidence of davis ' probity . " clearly , if the governor ' s office did not feel there was a conflict of interest there , they would not have been fired , " south said . as for others in the administration who may have failed to promptly disclose their ties to the energy industry , " there is absolutely nothing illegal about anyone on the governor ' s staff - - or anyone in state government - - owning stock in any company whatsoever , " south said . even so , davis ' top spokesman , steve maviglio , earlier this month sold his 300 shares of stock in a california power company after news of his holdings surfaced . maviglio said he lost $ 1 , 300 in the transaction . at the least , the revelations have been a distraction for davis at a time when he would rather boast about a blackout - free summer . " it is a mistake that didn ' t need to be made and shouldn ' t have been made , " said gale kaufman , a sacramento campaign consultant and one of the rare democratic strategists willing to publicly criticize the governor . " the fact that it took a while to correct it creates an image problem he didn ' t need . " republicans , of course , see a larger problem . " he ' s either incompetent or there is corruption within his administration , " said rob stutzman , a spokesman for the california republican party . " and we think it starts with the tone and example he sets with those who work for him . " in characteristically pugnacious fashion , the davis campaign has sought to turn jones ' charges around by accusing the secretary of state of exploiting his public office for political gain . " this man , in his official capacity , has no nexus with the issue of power or energy and he has no nexus with the issue of ethics or conflict of interests , " south asserted . " he ' s a pure political phony . " but jones said political oversight falls well within his purview as the state ' s chief elections officer . " for the governor ' s office to say that i don ' t have any jurisdiction in this area or shouldn ' t be able to speak to it is patently false , " jones said . new life for jones ' campaign whatever his stake , there is no question that the attention has given life to jones ' campaign while he is fighting desperately to sustain his gubernatorial bid . the $ 960 , 000 in contributions that jones reported for the first six months of the year is embarrassingly small by california standards , and the bush white house has all but formally endorsed rival richard riordan , who is still exploring the race . ( fellow republican william e . simon jr . , a los angeles investment banker , has been campaigning for governor for months but has yet to officially declare his candidacy . ) but ironically , for all jones ' efforts , it may be riordan who is best able to capitalize on the ethics controversy . unlike simon , a political neophyte , and jones , an 18 - year officeholder , riordan had a decades - long business career before serving two terms as los angeles mayor . " he ' s cut from a different cloth , " said don sipple , a gop strategist who is neutral in the governor ' s race . " if this serves to remind people that politics is a slimy game , riordan can point to the fact he didn ' t start public service until he was more than 60 years old . " but even while insisting that davis did nothing wrong , strategists say voters will make a careful distinction between the governor ' s professional conduct and any evidence of personal enrichment . and davis ' best defense , they argue , is his famously modest lifestyle - - a frugality symbolized during his 1998 campaign by his cramped west hollywood home . if anyone thinks davis has used his office to get rich , one advisor said , " all [ wife ] sharon has to do is throw open the door to their condo . " 
2	Subject: re : brandywine meter # : 1428 please roll the beaumont methanol swing and buyback ticket over to be effective for july too . sorry about that . lee from : robert e lloyd 07 / 11 / 2000 02 : 40 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : brandywine meter # : 1428 the swing ticket for beaumont methanol " meter # 1428 " { # 249208 } expired june 30 th . bob dorcheus indicated that hpl should take the swing during july . should i expect another swing ticket to be negotiated for july ? presently , the swing activity is hitting the " baseload " ticket { # 314854 } which is 15 . 0 / day . 
2	Subject: proposal ! hello re : confidential assistance first i must solicit your confidence in this transaction . i am a highly placed official working with the ministry of state for finance and economic planning here in banjul , gambia , west . africa my department , the treasury , does transactions that run into several hundresds of millions of dollars quaterly . myself and two other colleagues in this department are currently in need of a silent foreign partner , whose influence and bank account we can use , to transfer the sum of twelve million five hundred thousand us dollars ( us $ 12 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) this funds accrued legitimately but discretely to us as commission from foreign contracts through our private connections . the funds is presently waiting to be remitted by our offshore funds managers to any foreign beneficiary cleared for payment . however by virtue of our positions as civil servants in our country we cannot acquire this money directly , in our names . we are not allowed by the civil service code of conduct to own or operate bank account outside our shores , on the other hand it is not safe for us to keep the money here due to our unstable political environment in this part of the world . i have been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues to look for an overseas silent partner in whose account we would transfer the us $ 12 , 500 , 000 . 00 to , for our mutual benefit , hence the reason for this email . i am requesting that you assist us as our silent partner and receive the funds in your account for us on trust . we propose to share as follows , 20 % to you as commision and 80 for us . you will be free to take your commission immediately the funds hit your account . since our objective for now is to invest the money , it would be appreciated if you can also of assistance by advising on short and long term investment possibilities your country . should it not be convenient for you to assist with investing , we can end our cooperation after you hand over to our percentage of the money . the transaction although discrete is legitimate , the money will be transferred to your account with all necessary back - up documents showing legitimacy and source origin of funds . the transfer will be effected within seven working days to be completd . i plead with you on one issue , whether you are interested or not please do not expose this information to any one else . i confirm that the transaction is legitimate and without any risks either of us . please give me your response immediately while keeping everything confidential . yours sincerely , musa bello . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ crea la tshirt con il tuo nick ! http : / / www . mediasetshop . it / jumpychat /  
2	Subject: fw : centana storage - - - - - original message - - - - - from : swisher , stephen sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 11 : 52 am to : olsen , michael subject : fw : centana storage importance : high mike , i need a deal entered into sitra and pathed for the sale of the centana storage to aep . see below . any questions , give me a call . thanks . stephen r . swisher specialist , energy operations enron net works , llc phone : 713 - 345 - 3042 fax : 713 - 345 - 7701 cell : 713 - 540 - 2063 email : stephen . swisher @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wynne , rita sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 1 : 30 pm to : pond , jim cc : koerselman , lisa ; lo , connie ; swisher , stephen subject : re : centana storage stephen , please get with logistics to get a deal entered and pathed for this transaction . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pond , jim sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 1 : 29 pm to : wynne , rita cc : koerselman , lisa ; lo , connie ; swisher , stephen subject : re : centana storage the gl currently has 1 , 177 , 186 mmbtu @ $ 3 , 548 , 001 . 99 . i believe the sale took place in the facility . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wynne , rita sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 1 : 05 pm to : pond , jim cc : koerselman , lisa ; lo , connie ; swisher , stephen subject : re : centana storage jim , where did the sale take place ? was it an in place sale at the facility ? stephen is working on the reconciliation . if he cannot have it completed by this close , then we will have unaccounted for until he finishes his reconciliation . we will do everything possible to get it cleared this close . what does the g / l currently have for the storage number ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pond , jim sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 12 : 57 pm to : wynne , rita cc : koerselman , lisa ; lo , connie subject : centana storage rita , it looks like we will be making our bammel true - up payment to aep in the next couple of days . included in the payment to aep is a deduction for the sale of the centana storage gas . we are selling them 1 , 236 , 286 mmbtu @ $ 2 . 375 for a total of $ 2 , 936 , 179 . 25 . the sale is for september , 2001 production . we will need a deal put in sitara for that sale along with the appropriate pathing from storage by logistics . however , there is only 1 , 195 , 754 mmbtu on report 006 in unify ( for contracts 96018371 , 96014189 , and 96019236 ) . how do we account for this volumetic difference ? connie will be truing up the gl to match the current unify volume . the gl was short approx . 18 , 000 mmbtu because a beginning balance was not booked . this needs to happen before the upcoming close . thanks for you help in this matter . please let me know of any concerns . 
2	Subject: hello hey , whats up ? . . . . . hey it ' s ash again . . . you didn ' t reply , don ' t know if you got my message since i had problem with my computer and i ' m not that good with computers : / anyways i got one free week ( took some time off work ) to relax and i must tell you i ' m really bored right now : / since i liked your profile i would like to chat with you if you got time . my small website i setup is http : / / o @ www . siktaflow . info / tbo / fre / . . . it ' s got verification thingie on my site for some reason maybe because they host my webcam ? well i would love to put it on differently somehow , but how else would i have to put on my webcam ? , i ' m very confused with this technology stuff : [ . . . anyways hope to hear from you soon . . .  
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 4 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 504 . xls ) - hplno 504 . xls 
2	Subject: enron actuals for july 14 thru 16 , 2000 revised ami , , , you are correct . july 16 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron 60 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim powell / lsp / enserch / us on 07 / 17 / 2000 02 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ( embedded tim powell image moved 07 / 17 / 2000 12 : 55 pm to file : ( embedded image moved to file : pico 3757 . pcx ) pic 26392 . pcx ) to : daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , crodrig @ ect . enron . com , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , gary green / texas utilities @ tu , ken english / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , ami _ chokshi @ enron . com , gary _ hanks @ ect . enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com cc : subject : enron actuals for july 14 thru 16 , 2000 july 14 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron 60 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron july 15 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron 95 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron july 16 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron 55 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron - pic 26392 . pcx - pico 3757 . pcx 
2	Subject: via - ggra is lousy eh " ci - ialis softabs " is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / impactions . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / impactions . net / rm . php ? ronn tfav 
2	Subject: hot shares taik singh , techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt ) joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 million of new business ( source : news 11 / 3 o / o 4 ) shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / 04 ) current price : $ . 54 a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these sma | | stocks are absoluteiy flying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . wi | | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ? reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press releases ) 1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controls to market oam purger in greater china 2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrica | usage up to 50 percent 3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech international , inc . of houston , texas 4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miilion of new business about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 20 o 5 ) techlite inc . is a nationa | energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and instaliation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrical contractor " has described the | ighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers inciude power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as wel | as the education , heaithcare , commercia | , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximateiy three biliion lighting fixtures , creating a potentia | $ 10 o biilion nationa | | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient | ight fixtures for new construction , | ong - term service and maintenance contracts for customer lighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems . watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck . certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - | ooking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . al | statements , other than statements of fact , included in this reiease , inciuding , without | imitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that invoive risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wi | | prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materialiy from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , a reliance on | oans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personaily guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federa | and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nomina | cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital couid cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fuily detaiied in the companys sec filings . we strongiy urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . al | information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys filings , shouid be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of fourteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil se | | at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: trade counts - 11 : 30 am last 30 days , through 11 : 30 am : trade date trade cnt 10 / 3 / 2001 4940 10 / 4 / 2001 5217 10 / 5 / 2001 5218 10 / 6 / 2001 11 10 / 7 / 2001 6 10 / 8 / 2001 4449 10 / 9 / 2001 4524 10 / 10 / 2001 4815 10 / 11 / 2001 4957 10 / 12 / 2001 5519 10 / 13 / 2001 15 10 / 14 / 2001 12 10 / 15 / 2001 4784 10 / 16 / 2001 5956 10 / 17 / 2001 6167 10 / 18 / 2001 6505 10 / 19 / 2001 7086 10 / 20 / 2001 2 10 / 21 / 2001 29 10 / 22 / 2001 6500 10 / 23 / 2001 7213 10 / 24 / 2001 5751 10 / 25 / 2001 7314 10 / 26 / 2001 5801 10 / 27 / 2001 10 10 / 28 / 2001 2 10 / 29 / 2001 5523 10 / 30 / 2001 4808 10 / 31 / 2001 5617 11 / 1 / 2001 5615 11 / 2 / 2001 5210 by counterparty : 
2	Subject: new eprm speakers vince , thanks very much for your help helen - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : helen evans cc : stinson gibner date : 10 december 1999 19 : 14 subject : re : new eprm speakers helen , i forwarded your message to my associate stinson gibner whom i can wholeheartedly recommend . vince " helen evans " on 12 / 06 / 99 10 : 29 : 39 am please respond to " helen evans " to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new eprm speakers vince , i ' m currently looking to broaden eprm ' s speaker base and would like to find a speaker for a training course i am producing on the monte carlo technique . i was wondering if you might be able to recommend somebody new from enron who might like to speak on this subject . i ' d really appreciate any help you could give me . many thanks helen evans producer , eprm conferences & courses - attl . htm 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search enqines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , tristamercado _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: forget the highprices on antidotes . there are better choices . licensed experts in a timely manner will check your case profile . it is complimentary as you place the or - der . check our weekly special items . and cut down the expenses on taablets significantly . i found your web is eye - catching . wide range of remedy selection . economical prices . 48 hrs delivery . top up prescripts at zero charges . gratis consultations with licensed specialist . brilliant . ¨ c mary olsen in nj . log on to on - line tracking systems to update your shipments . accurate , timely and efficient . that ¡ ¯ s our assured pledge to you . check our reduced prices on all the items you require . weekly specials . browse our cyberzone for quality tablets . we offer them at the very best price . http : / / whom . o . honordeeds . com / 8 tl / to dine with them ; but she could not bear to have the difference of style , under the mixed plea of a headache of her own , and some return but in front of the tan - yard , close to the entrance , stood a little girl clothed in rags , very pretty to look at , with curly hair , and eyes so blue and clear that it was a pleasure to look into them . the child said not a word , nor did she cry ; but each time the little door was opened she gave a long , long look into the yard . she had not a button - that she knew right well , and therefore she remained standing sorrowfully outside , till all the others had seen the grave and had gone away ; then she sat down , held her little brown hands before her eyes , and burst into tears ; this girl alone had not seen puggie ' s grave . it was a grief as great to her as any grown person can experience . 
2	Subject: re [ 5 ] : in 1947 temptation island teen michael jordanfree ? ? ? ? ? 
2	Subject: re : recommendation for john gordon vince , thanks for your quick action on this . i try to be selective about sending out recommendations proactively , but in john ' s case i am very confident that he will add a lot of value to whoever hires him . on a different topic i was pleased to see that you will also be on the eprm program again in the fall . duane - - on monday , may 15 , 2000 , 9 : 28 am - 0500 " vince j kaminski " wrote : > > > celeste , > > i am forwarding you a letter from prof . duane seppi from carnegie mellon > university . > i have known duane for many years and i know that he does not make his > recommendations without very good reasons . > > i would recommend looking at john gordon as a very strong candidate : > i think he will make a terrific contribution to enron . > > > vince > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 15 / 2000 09 : 25 > am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > > ds 64 @ maill . andrew . cmu . edu on 05 / 12 / 2000 01 : 30 : 14 pm > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > cc : > subject : recommendation for john gordon > > > > dear vince , > > i am writing to bring to your attention a gsia student , john gordon , who is > currently being considered for enron ' s associates program . my understanding > is that mark courtney and andrew miles at enron are championing john as a > late addition to the program . > > while i know enron doesn ' t routinely recruit at gsia , john would be an ideal > candidate if you are willing to make an exception . he is a terrific finance > student with a strong transcript ; including an a + in my options class . since > john has an engineering / energy background , he asked early on for additional > background reading about finance and energy . john is personable and > outgoing . normally the job market for someone of john ' s caliber would have > already cleared , but i have been told that there are dual career issues at > play here . > > i would be very appreciative if you would take a look at john . a copy of > his resume is attached to this email . > > best regards , > duane > > * * * * * * * * > duane seppi > > graduate school of industrial administration > carnegie mellon university > pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 > > tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 > fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 > > email ds 64 @ andrew . cmu . edu > * * * * * * * * duane seppi graduate school of industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu 
2	Subject: jvs thank you for the presentations . i forwarded your ferc question to andy alter of our legal department , since he is handling the licensing issues for this project . he will get back to jim steffes . on an unrelated note , what ( if any ) tech support obligations do you believe newco will have to the bridgeline holdings and aep energy services joint ventures ? 
2	Subject: frontrea plant , gas when : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 2 : 00 pm - 3 : 00 pm ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) . where : 3127 * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * 
2	Subject: gift shipment ready bait - excelled @ em . ca need address + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + get your free * panasonic 7 " portable dvd player ! see here for details . if you do not wish to receive special offers , discounts and coupons from yourgiftcards . com , please do one of the following : use this link to unsubscribe or write to us at customerservice , po box 390520 , mountain view , ca 94039 - 0520 . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from . net . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from . net in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: fw : [ pepsico ] 86 % off vicodin . gore fraternal induct persecutors dallas asserter rosa raft reinforce intestine catalytic subculture pigskin serializability rusticates enough himalaya giant chosen stapleton defecate tastefulness negro robins introspective noll lenses racking coined consecutive sampson blythe kerr stillborn inspecting plainly aggravated exploiting sleepily subjection - - phone : 217 - 243 - 3876 mobile : 579 - 744 - 5489 email : nicky . seymour 2004 @ virtual - mail . com  
2	Subject: sheila , gran ' t number : ( 281 ) 381 9987 . this is his cell phone number . vince 
2	Subject: idea : please take a look dear mr . kaminski , thank you for calling . briefly , about ideaglobal . com : we ' ve been providing unbiased market analysis since 1989 , and today our customers include the fed , the us treasury , the imf , 25 foreign central banks , and over 1 , 700 dealing rooms worldwide . we emphasize sales and trading strategies rather than just provide market news . attached , please find 2 samples of our daily research : today ' s issue of our morning faxes financial markets today and fixed income today . we also have intraday market coverage on bloomberg : idea > go , reuters , and bridge / telerate . if the info looks interesting , we would be glad to arrange a 30 - day free trial for you ? for your reference , please see our price list . i look forward to your reply . best regards , vadim pokhlebkin account manager vpokhlebkin @ ideaglobal . com tel . + 1 212 571 4332 fax + 1 212 571 4334 ideaglobal . com 140 broadway , 21 st floor new york , ny 10005 , usa any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of ideaglobal . com . this email , its content and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the addressee ( s ) and may be legally privileged and / or confidential . access by any other party is unauthorized without the express written permission of the sender . if you have received this email in error you may not copy or use the contents , attachments or information in any way . please destroy it and contact the sender via the ideaglobal . com switchboard in one of the following three offices : new york + 1 212 571 4332 ; london + 44 171 430 2888 ; singapore + 65 332 0700 - fmto 316 a . pdf - fito 316 a . pdf - onesheet . doc 
2	Subject: you can find unimaginable savings on v . alium . , . . get hard to imagine savings on medicat . ions . a prescriptio - n isn ' t required . you ' ll get them over night . tracy saturnine delegate lad acquiesce beaumont elmhurst . alma hogan forcible postcondition rodgers villain . tanner bookend wronskian . 
2	Subject: sap timesheets hello everyone : thanks to krishna we have come up with a plan that i believe is going to save everyone some time . we have created an excel spreadsheet , with the time sheet form , and there is a tab for each of you , in alphabetical order by first name across the bottom of the spreadsheet . the spreadsheet is saved in o : \ research \ common \ sap timesheets \ mmm - dd . ( mmm  month and dd  15 th or end of the month time period - i . e . , this time period is 7 / 16 - 7 / 31 / 00 ) . the regular 8 hour days have already been entered for each of you . therefore , if you have no exceptions you just need to type in your name in the bottom right corner by the place marked ( emp sign ) , and save it . if you do have exception time , simply open that particular pay period and show the exception time ( off - duty , vacation , overtime , sick time , jury time , family time , etc . ) that you may have had during that pay period . some of the codes have already been entered for you , the rest are listed at the bottom of the spreadsheet and just change the ones that are already there for whatever applies . if you are an exempt employee you need only show your off - duty time or exception time . if you are non - exempt you must show all hours worked and if you have overtime , you must add that to the 8 hours regular time . there is no code for non - exempt overtime . this should make it much easier for everyone . however , i will need you to fill out this timesheet form by the 13 th and 29 th of each month . i will try and remind you by email the day before . i would still appreciate your emailing me of any vacation , hod day , or any other off - duty that you know about before hand , that way if you are out of pocket for any reason and cannot fill in one of the forms , i will be able to fill in your timesheet for you . if you have any questions or suggestions , please let me know . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: blood drive the wellness department has scheduled a blood drive on thursday , march 14 , from 10 a . m . to 3 p . m . an m . d . anderson blood center mobile coach will be parked on andrews street in front of enron center north to accommodate donors . call the the health center at ext . 3 - 6100 or send an email to mailto : health . center @ enron . com to schedule an appointment . if you need additional information , visit http : / / hrweb . enron . com / wellness / healthservice / blooddrive . asp . 
2	Subject: keshia , decisions of this court do not have intrinsic authority the highest duty is to respect authority an actor is a sculptor who carves in snow  
2	Subject: fw : mark boland - cv vince : tony vasut , another recruiter , is bringing mark boland in for a series of interviews on 3 / 20 and 3 / 21 , and asked if there was any chance that you or someone in your group would be able to interview him . his resume is attached , and i will also send you a list of his deals under separate cover . shirley has told me that you will be in and out for the next several weeks , so if you are unavailable would you please suggest someone else in your group who might be able to interview mark ? thanks , as always , molly - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vasut , tony sent : tuesday , march 13 , 2001 9 : 59 am to : magee , molly subject : fw : mark boland - cv molly : here is mark ' s resume as discussed . please let me know if anyone in research ( preferably vince ) is available to meet w / him on either 3 / 20 or 3 / 21 . thanks , tony - - - - - original message - - - - - from : port , david sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 10 : 46 am to : vasut , tony subject : fw : mark boland - cv - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mark . boland @ seb . se @ enron sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 8 : 10 am to : port , david subject : mark boland - cv > to summarize my situation : i ' m in charge of structuring equity linked , ir , > fx , commodity and other > linked bonds and investments for one of northern europe s leading banks . > i ' m 34 years old and married to lisa who is swedish . i have over 7 years > in the structured derivatives business in capital > markets , with a solid wall street foundation at bankers trust and overseas > at a more senior level > of sales , structuring and managing deals from conception to completion . > > > > > thanks and regards , > mark > > mark m . boland > seb merchant banking > 10640 stockholm , sweden > > telephone + 46 8 5062 3224 > cell + 46 70 772 3224 > > this e - mail is from seb , skandinaviska enskilda banken . it may contain > privileged and confidential information and is intended for the named > recipient ( s ) only . if you are not an intended recipient , please notify us > immediately by reply e - mail , delete this e - mail from your system and > destroy any copy hereof . > - boland . doc 
2	Subject: reduction in high blood pressure age should be nothing more than a number it ' s okay to want to hold on to your young body as long as you can view more about a new lifespan enhancement press here with increasing longevity for an increasing segment of the population , this is the frontier for the new millennium - dr david howard medical journal news sorry not for me and the address is above this was good reasoning , but the rash youth had no idea he was speeding over the ocean , or that he was destined to arrive shortly at the barbarous island of brava , off the coast of africa yet such was the case ; just as the sun sank over the edge of the waves he saw , to his great relief , a large island directly in his path he dropped to a lower position in the air , and when he judged himself to be over the center of the island he turned the indicator to zero and stopped short  
2	Subject: have a year of your babies diapers paid for . ( $ 1800 value ) your family could definately use this , now go . ogymgvtt 
2	Subject: ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire and return it to me with copies of the following documents : a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank copies of all previous us visas issued an updated resume , showing months and years copies of all diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of their passports please send to my attention , via fedex to : enron corp . 3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a 333 clay street houston , tx 77002 please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 . 
2	Subject: re : improving option valuation precision in erms stinson , zhiyong wei ' s group will need to make this change . please follow up with zhiyong and jeremy wong . - - allan . stinson gibner 08 / 23 / 2000 09 : 54 am to : allan severude / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , eric moon / hou / ect @ ect , ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect subject : improving option valuation precision in erms allan , paulo issler in our group , working with eric moon in structuring , recently tracked down the reason for a slight mis - match in option pricing in erms vs . the structuring spreadsheets . it is due to the fact that the option valuation functions in erms use a slightly less accurate approximation for the cumulative normal distribution . we would be happy to work with the right person to update the erms code in order to close this discrepancy . please let me know how you would like to proceed . if you are not the correct person to address the mainenance of erms , please let me know who to contact . thank you , stinson gibner x 34748 
2	Subject: re : trying to find fat tails naveen , i was trying to find " fat tails " . i looked at ng prompt month prices ' log - returns for 5 years 9 months . on the figure below you can see the comparison of empirical cumulative probability function with normal cumulative for this time series ( standardized : mean subtracted , divided by stdev ) . the effect of fat tails is not pronounced so much . the " fat tails " effect was much more visible on your plot when you looked at the oct - 00 prices log - returns versus my time series of prompt month ' s prices . the shape of the distribution is different from normal , though , and fits well with the volatility switching model . tanya . 
2	Subject: enron ' s 2001 goals our vision to become the world ' s leading company positions our company for great success this year and beyond . our success is dependent on execution . with that in mind , we are making enron ' s 2001 corporate and business unit goals available to employees . please take a few minutes to review our 2001 goals on enron ' s intranet at http : / / 172 . 28 . 92 . 190 / bowne / we believe they will help you gain a better understanding of our vision for the company and will inspire you to identify innovative ways to help your organization and enron achieve our objectives . we have a lot to accomplish this year , and with your hard work and dedication , we can realize another year of stellar performance . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 3 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 403 . xls ) - hplno 403 . xls 
2	Subject: jennifer johnson resume sally , as discussed , attached is the resume for jennifer johnson . she is available to work from may 10 through august 31 . i have also sent her resume to ebs . thank you very much for your assistance in this matter . roger 
2	Subject: credit processing is easy 189 aredit cpproved no cecks do it now 189 
2	Subject: you need this for the first time , we are offering the only mallle ennhancemennnt and performance system to you at a special internet ppprrrice . this website will explain the benefits of it , help answer some of your questions , and give you the chance to order today and get frrre - ee - eee bottles at no extra charrrgrge . plus , at our reduced internet rate , you simply can ' t go wrong . our size and performance product , like all of our products , is backed by a one hundrred perrrrcceentt satisffacctttiooon guarantee . http : / / aston . growyour - penis / slosh / and if you totally want to be outtt off thhhhisss stufffff forrrrevvverr r justt gooo herreee http : / / glad . and - odff - today / vapp / and you the we here and here to for you and i dont think and itrs varp dormitory and the what do you think i think its good and what the as i think it should and why dont you do that and this is irrelevant and she is talking and she is running and she is for you to find so im not interested and so this is the thing that i cant for us to find and you think .  
2	Subject: bod agenda deadline - today ! this is a reminder that today ( thursday , 4 / 19 / 01 ) is the deadline for submitting finance committee agenda items to rebecca carter . please contact me as soon as possible if you know of anything that has a possibility to be added to the finance committee agenda . all presentations as approved by rebecca carter , fully executed dashs and legal resolutions should be turned in to sharon sullo by friday , april 20 . 
2	Subject: jackrabbit vibrator as seen on hbo ' s " sex and the city " http : / / aproudpenis . com / pl / this classic vibrator is a womans best friend . . . the jack rabbit vibrator is a dual control multi - speed vibrating and rotating 7 1 / 2 " x 1 1 / 2 " vibrator . made of a bright pink , pliant jelly , the tip is realistically sculpted . the rotating pearls in the center of the shaft provide both internal and external stimulation to all her sensitive spots while the pearled shaft rotates and vibrates , massaging her inside , the jack rabbit ' s ears are busy tickling her clitoris outside . the shaft and stimulator are controlled separately , so she can customize her experience every time . jack rabbit vibrator features : dual control multi - speed vibrator rotating pearls rabbit ears for external clitoral stimulation the jack rabbit is 7 1 / 2 inches long x 1 1 / 2 inches in diameter go here to order 1 http : / / aproudpenis . com / pl / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - take me off from your list http : / / aproudpenis . com / sus / 
2	Subject: understanding oem software send the love home with an online photo album absence sharpens love , presence strengthens it . painting is just another way of keeping a diary . 
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report for the period 8 / 23 / 01 - 8 / 29 / 01 lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: organization per my lengthy e - mail yesterday , i am requesting the ability to hire deirdre mccaffrey from the freight group to my new group . deirdre is top 5 on any list i would compile on employees i want in any group . jeanie slone is preparing deirdre ' s bio for your review . earlier in the year she worked for hunter and i and wanted an opportunity outside of ena to understand new product development . she is currently in egm and was the trader who developed and marketed their diesel product . so , i need to ensure you are still green lighting the strategic asset group . i am requesting the ability to bring over deirdre . i would like to bring her over as a director ( ask anyone - she ' s there ) and place her under a two year contract with ena . she is the caliber of mike curry and is amazingly rounded for origination - structuring , trading and customer . delainey and janet have attempted to get her in ees consistently and ed has already approached her about a move back to structuring . hunter and i have spoke with deirdre and we are both strong on the bid . give me your thoughts . i want to talk to dan ( her current supervisor ) quickly . she and i have been discussing this move for the last month and for the opportunity she is ready to make this move . laura 
2	Subject: powerball results saturday september 14 , 2002 estimated jackpot $ 100 million would you like to know what the powerball winning lottery numbers will be in the morning , if so just follow this link mailto : results . . com although every attempt is made to ensure that this list of numbers is accurate , the official winning numbers are recorded in the official draw files as certified by the independent accounting firm . at the request of our players , these numbers are listed in numerical order . wednesday september 11 , 2002 draw results : 03 06 26 39 48 pb 28 pp 03 or visit http : / / www . powerballinfo . cjb . net are you tired of your job ? then please visit http : / / www . cash - in . cjb . net it ' s time to retire ! ! 
2	Subject: thinking of driving in that condition , sir ? hey ! : ) vastomazonok  
2	Subject: wells daren , i think i may have lost my mind ( no comment vance ) but did i talk to you about meter 6789 taking that volume from 12079 to 1200 . also yates has averaged around the 3366 that they want to bring the volume down to . let me know what you think . husker tom . 
2	Subject: oil just hit record high , profit from delek - dlkr . ob oil for america has been successful in locating the reefs 33 out of 33 times ! breaking news ! press release delek to acquire oil producing properties wednesday june 22 , 9 : 56 am et click here for full release delek ' s main project involves exploring for the mississippian aged lodgepole carbonate build - ups in the williston basin of montana and north dakota , as well as the hardeman basin in west texas . a new exploration technique is being applied to this play , which has proven succesfull . the lodgepole limestone was deposited in a very shallow ancestral williston basin . the carbonate formation was developed as thousands of small , circular limestone build - ups , or reefs . the average distribution of the build - ups is about 4 reefs per square - mile section . the lodgepole reefs were deposited within a fairway a thousand miles long and thirty miles wide on the shelf of the williston basin . the reservoirs in the williston basin may produce as much as 2 , 000 barrels per day ( bopd ) at depths of 7 , 500 to 9 , 500 feet . the most prolific reefs have each produced as much as 4 , 000 , 000 barrels of light , sweet oil . the lodgepole reefs are visible in surface outcrop in the far western part of the williston basin . this allows the sense of scale and geometry of the reefs can be observed first hand . delek resource ' s technology partner in this play is a company named oil for america ( ofa ) . ofa has applied a proprietary photo - analytical program known as all remote sensing analysis . this analysis detects the location of waulsortian reef cores . this program produces well - defined images that correlate with the oil producing wells . oil for america ' s first partner , conoco who was the major player in the lodgepole reef play , stated that the lodgepole reefs are the most economic production it has anywhere in the world . the average well in the united states produces a few barrels per day . each one of these lodgepole wells is so prolific that it amounts to a thousand of those wells . because each well may produce 2000 bod and 4 , 000 , 000 bo cumulatively from a single well - bore , well in excess $ 100 , 000 , 000 of revenue may be generated from a well in a relatively brief period of production . the potential for significant new discoveries in the williston basin began in february 1993 . from a wildcat well near dickinson , north dakota , conoco tested a heretofore non - productive interval in the lodgepole limestone . the carbonate zone had good porosity and gas shows , so after failing to find pay in their deeper objectives , a production test was reluctantly taken at 9 , 721 - 9 , 850 feet . the discovery well , dickinson lodgepole unit # 74 , initially produced at a rate of 419 bopd . the well has produced nearly 2 million barrels of 41 . 4 api gravity sweet crude oil and 1 . 2 bcf of natural gas to date . this discovery ignited a frantic race between 1993 and 1997 where major and independent oil companies attempted to develop and expand the lodgepole find using conventional 2 - d and 3 d seismic programs . the best wells flowed up to an allowable rate of 2 , 000 bopd . the conoco dickinson lodgepole # 75 is the single most productive well , having produced 4 , 000 , 000 barrels of oil and nearly 2 bcf of gas since september 1993 . this well still produces thousands of barrels a month after more than nine years of production . during this time , the lodgepole reef play became the largest onshore play in america . this success , however , was not without failure . the ability to seismically delineate discrete reefs has been very difficult and misleading . the geophysical characteristics of the lodgepole limestone are nearly identical with the overlying carbonate beds . this creates very poor acoustic contrast between the formations , so seismic differentiation between the formations is difficult . as a result , by 1996 the search for additional lodgepole reefs had stalled . the play was recently revitalized when continental resources made another accidental discovery in december 2000 in valley county , montana , 155 miles northwest of dickinson , north dakota . in this area the lodgepole reefs are shallower at 7 , 200 feet . this reef initially produced at 2 , 000 barrels per day , but has now begun producing water . it appears that the well was drilled on the flank of a reef , close to water . the discovery dramatically increases the exploratory opportunities for future discoveries in the lodgepole . oil for america has been successful in locating the reefs 33 out of 33 times ! , and has now begun using another technology to differentiate reefs that show signs of hydrocarbons , as to minimize the possibility of drilling a reef that would be a dry hole , and is confident that the three technologies applied overall makes the chances of drilling a successful producing reef excellent . using these technologies delek will drill those targets in the williston basin . delek intends to raise money , and acquire producing properties in the near term . the properties would complement the exploration as it will be in the same areas as the exploration the company is pursuing . symbol : dlkr . ob keep an eye out for more upcoming breakings news ! disclaimer / safe harbor statement information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind ! that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . expedite has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move , undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . delek resources , inc . 1911 glacier park ave . , ste . 480 naperville , il 60540 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: . message report from your contact page . . . . / / ytu 855 rkq check the available reports you would like to receive : keep on top of the latest news , get great special deals now . . . it is complimentary , it costs nothing , you can quit anytime ! financial - stocks - loans - mortgage financial news & stock market government & politics / discussions credit cards & mortgage refinancing / loans health - fitness - holidays - travel online pharmacies discounts & specials general health & fitness tips / secrets alternative medicine & health care under booked vacations & special travel discounts mature intrests - dating general interest adultwebmasters - general adultwebmasters - unrestricted sites adultwebmasters - content buyers cassino ' s & online gamblinng dating services & personal ads send me 10 uncensored pictures daily ! this mail is never sent unsolicited , got it by error ? [ click here ] to be removed from our subscribers list ! ndtxcpfjspwwtrkaxnxg 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 12 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 65 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: pluto / megs update louise , please see the attached correspondence below between ena , duke and mariner . via facsmille , ena has received a non - binding offer of $ 14 . 1 mm with a proposed effective date as of december 1 , 2001 , but the transaction would most likely close mid - december . a meeting has been set up between ena and mariner to discuss data needed to address remaining due dilgence items on 11 / 27 / 01 . a follow - up meeting with duke is scheduled for 11 / 28 / 01 . if you have any further questions , please contact me at my father ' s house ( 1 - 716 - 667 - 0107 ) or ms . lisa druzbik ( 713 - 853 - 9620 ) . lisa has been working with kevin miller to divest of the megs flowline and will be working tomorrow . regards , jean - - - - - original message - - - - - from : druzbik , lisa sent : tue 11 / 20 / 2001 3 : 15 pm to : ' sjosey @ mariner - energy . com ' cc : miller , kevin ; mrha , jean subject : fw : megs pipeline scott , thanks for the message . duke ' s non - binding offer made today is $ 14 . 1 mm in cash with a proposed effective date of december 1 , 2001 and includes an acceptable premium over the minimum cash flow stream ( duke faxed the offer letter , therefore , i cannot forward it electronically ) . duke e - mailed their outstanding due diligence items ( see attached e - mail ) ; we need mariner ' s assistance to answer many of the questions listed and to provide appropriate documentation . as mentioned earlier , kevin miller and i would like to meet with you and others at mariner to discuss the due diligence list and action plan ; we plan to come to your offices on monday , november 26 th at 1 : 30 . let me know if you have any questions or comments . thanks , lisa a . druzbik manager upstream products enron north america 713 - 853 - 9620 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stephen p . noe [ ] sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 11 : 36 am to : druzbik , lisa ; miller , kevin subject : megs pipeline as we discussed , the following is a list of diligence items that we would like to explore further . this list is not all inclusive and we may need to discuss additional items as we continue with due diligence . please let me know when we could meet to discuss them further . kevin and i had tentatively scheduled a november 28 , 2001 meeting to discuss development of purchase and sale agreements and possibly some of the items listed below : assuming that the megs system includes the riser and topside equipment on marathon ' s sp 89 platform , we will need verify potential liability for the same and any agreements addressing such access . we would also like to review the production handling agreement between burlington / mariner and marathon to verify the impact it may have on the future operation of the system we will need a definitive representation from enron as to the status of the producers committment obligations as of december 1 , 2001 as defined in the gathering agreements , including any credits due from prior years excess flows . it is our understanding that for the month of december there will be a $ 93 , 000 credit to the payment due gatherer and there are no credits due in 2002 . in the gathering agreement " project payout " is referenced from the producer ' s joa . please provide verification that this payout has occured , the ownership percentage is now 51 % mariner and 49 % burlington and that there is no future change that could affect the megs agreements need to review sample invoices , sample gas and condensate measurement statements and demonstration of timely payment of such invoices by producers have there been any leaks incurred and / or reported on the system ? are there any outstanding environmental issues on this system ? it is assumed that enron / megs will be responsible to obtain any assignments / consents that may be required to complete the transaction . please verify that this will be done . the agreement stipulates that the insurance required is to include business interruption coverage . please provide the coverage declarations of the existing policy in effect for the system as a reference for defs please provide a contact person who can discuss the environmental status of the system with a defs ehs representative who is the mms right of way owner and who is the mms operator of record . please verify that the appropriate party has provided the mms with a " certificate of financial responsibility " we may want to schedule a site visit to sp 89 . please provide the contacts to make these arrangements we would like to review any additional pipeline engineering data and material specifications available , inspection and hydrostatic test reports , as - built drawings , environental reports / permits , rights of way / permit documents and other related engineering and construction information i will continue to provide you with additional questions that arise . thanks and please let me know if you have any questions . steve noe phone : ( 713 ) 627 - 6249 fax : ( 713 ) 627 - 6271 
2	Subject: millenium shares report investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday - watch out the stock go crazy on friday morning 21 th of january . current price : $ 0 . 13 did your portfoiio have a stock move like this one ! l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . will it continue higher ? lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company se | | s primariiy through homebuilders to homebuyers who are buiiding homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of deveioping its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ 0 . 13 current status lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annualized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to doubie its monthiy revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 million in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 miilion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wiil be recognized for its quality of service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2005 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their who | | y - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has compieted an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie installer for new instailations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and wi | | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too . syslync aiso announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and buiider of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wil | more than double the homes we touch throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wiil provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology solutions provider that offers builders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders and homeowners , to design and instail home technoiogy solutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget . safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are genera | | y identifiable by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materially from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on fiie with the sec . read this | ega | notes before you do anything eise : information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 1956 o from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - stockspromoter @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: adobe , xp pro , office 2 oo 3 charset  us - ascii " > hung fallen playing moon stood right central 1472 softwares for you to choose froma - z titles , instant download ! if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired software isn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) 40 $ adobe creative suite premium ( 5 cds ) 35 $ adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 50 $ 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) 35 $ adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) 40 $ alias wavefront maya 6 . 0 unlimited ( 2 cds ) 25 $ microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack - 1 ( 2 cds ) 25 $ microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack - 2 ( 2 cds ) 35 $ microsoft project 2002 pro 25 $ microsoft office publisher 2003 ( 1 cd ) 35 $ microsoft visio 2003 pro ( 1 cd ) 35 $ microsoft windows xp professional with sp 2 ( 1 cd ) & more softwares over 1400 popular titles to chooseno more paying high for your softwares   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz allow 1 - 2 mins to complete the page loading ) no future mail draw allowed  
2	Subject: hi at last viagra , xenical ( and many other perscription drugs ) online ! no waiting rooms , drug stores , or embarassing conversations . just fill out the form and our doctor will have your order to you by tomorrow ! click heremany other prescription drugs available , including : xenical , weight loss medication used to help overweight people lose weight and keep this weight off . valtrex , treatement for herpes . propecia , the first pill that effectively treats male pattern hair loss . and many more . . . . . . click here  
2	Subject: aquilla option and deal entry bill , i didn ' t enter the annuity for the aquilla deal as i have a couple more questions on the matter . i ' d like to detail the deal in case you have any questions . sold 50 mw to pwrx @ $ 60 he 15 - 18 ( spl 5 ) covered with ees length and wheel - martel length to leave net short position of 42 , 38 , 35 and 32 respectively as the deal clearly turned sour and lowest offer in the 70 ' s , i opted to take the short to the imbalance and hedge the price risk he 15 bought 42 mw from aquilla at a fixed price of $ 55 and sold 42 mw vs the " expost settlement price " he 16 bought 38 mw from aquilla at a fixed price of $ 55 and sold 38 mw vs the " expost settlement price " i found a decent offer for he 17 & 18 ( $ 63 reliant ) so i didn ' t hedge expost settled just above $ 90 for both hours and jason will be in on monday to confirm these prices with me * i spoke with coral about financial deals as well but travis didn ' t seem to understand which side of the deal he was on as he lowered his fixed offer as a counter . i ' ll be in monday to enter the annuity and confirm the price craig 
2	Subject: new jcc stuff vince , i ' m gone through wednesday of next week . i plan to work more on this over the holiday . contact information is in the . doc in other news , i didn ' t get the total return swaps finished . i have been unable to nail down certain details . concepts are quite clear . - kevin k . 
2	Subject: refill order verification % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt buy from the best online store ! % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: re : paul choi i found foster . i think that he ' ll be in . he is stopping by my house tonight . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : monday , january 21 , 2002 2 : 05 pm to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; milnthorp , rob ; whalley , greg ; shively , hunter s . ; presto , kevin m . ; belden , tim subject : paul choi choi is out - we probably want to use some of his $ to increase foster ' s contract - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : monday , january 21 , 2002 12 : 32 pm to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; milnthorp , rob ; calger , christopher f . ; whalley , greg ; shively , hunter s . ; presto , kevin m . ; belden , tim subject : re : i meant 200 k and 200 k for sandra . grigsby is confusing me . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : monday , january 21 , 2002 2 : 20 pm to : kitchen , louise ; milnthorp , rob ; calger , christopher f . ; whalley , greg ; shively , hunter s . ; presto , kevin m . ; belden , tim subject : brawner done at 100 k and 100 k davies done at 325 k and 325 k whitt is fine at 150 k and 150 k @ if lucci is at 50 k and 50 k @ if we offer employment to theresa staab who is a scheduler . also all of us may be going to ny on thursday morning . 
2	Subject: recommendations vince and joe , this is just a short reminder about the four letters of recommendation . i have attached an envelope with each recommendation . once you seal each envelope , please don ' t forget to sign it ( over the adhesive seal ) and to label the front , e . g . " columbia - joseph hrgvocic " . also , i will be mailing everything in one package to each university , so please don ' t mail them out . that is all . as always , i really do appreciate the time you ' re taking to do this . thank you , hector 
2	Subject: path 26 path 26 n - s flows are near the limit . beep has been put into split region mode as of 1205 hours . beep will dispatch in two zones and will produce two ex - post prices . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the real time desk . guy ridgely : > grid resource coordinator tel : 916 - 351 - 2397 bp ; 916 - 815 - 9570 email : gridgely @ caiso . com > 
2	Subject: career goals - david porter greetings bill , here is a copy of my career goals . david . - career goals . doc 
2	Subject: lotto information ! ! ! ! office of the vice president . dayzers e - mail lottery international promotions promotions / prize award dept www . dayzers . nl batch no : d 413 - 227 - 798 - wwwl 102 . serial no : 45 - opr - ld 44 congratulations ! winning notification attn : dear sir / madam , this is to inform you of the release today of the dayzers e - mail international lottery promotion program / world gaming board held on the 17 th may , 2005 . due to the mix up of numbers , the results were released on the 18 th may , 2005 . your name attached to ticket 522 / 06 / pr also which drew the lucky numbers of 8 - 10 - 2 - 7 which consequently won the lottery in the second category . you have therefore been approved for payment of 1 . 200 , 000 . 00 euros ( one million two hundred thousand euros only ) cash credited to file with ref . no . 3263 / 98 / 401 congratulations : due to mix up of some numbers and names , we advise that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some paticipants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from only microsoft users from over 20 , 000 companies and 3 , 000 , 000 individual e - mail addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every five . for the processing of your claim , please contact our fudicial agent in the legal department . mr . andreas philip dayzers e - mail lottery international tel : + 31 - 617 592 378 fax : + 31 - 847 536 019 . e - mail : dayzlottrep @ netscape . net website . . . www . dayzers . nl they are your agent and responsible for the processing and transfer of your winnings to you . your security file number is w - 891 - 442 - h ° 98 / c 6 ( keep personal ) . any claim not made before 7 th may , 2005 , will be returned to the ministerial van de economia netherlands . note that all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . also in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all your correspondence with mr . markus hanz . please follow all his instructions . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform us as quickly as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . evelyn boer vice president ( dayzers e - mail international lottery )  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , larraine  
2	Subject: congratulations bank giro loterij international program ( nl ) eghenstraat 40 gk . amsterdam fax + 31 - 84 - 730 - 0611 from : the promotion director international promotions dept . ref : ipm / 7249459608 / apl batch : gy / 951663 / k attn ; winner , award final notification : we are pleased to inform you of the release , of the long awaited results of the bank giro loterij international promotion programes held on the 8 th november 2004 . you were entered as dependent clients with : reference number : ref : ipm / 7249459608 / apl and batch number batch : gy / 951663 / k . your email address attached to the ticket number : 369739 that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the bank giro loterij first category , in four parts . you have been approved for a payment of 250 , 000 . 00 euros ( two hundred and fifty hundred thousand euros . ) in cash credited to file reference number : ipl / 529985709 / npl . this is from a total cash prize of five million euros shared among the twenty international winners in first categories . congratulations ! ! ! ! ! all participants were selected through a multi international computer ballot system drawn from 98 , 000 ( ninety eight thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our international promotion programme . due to mixed up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal , till your claims has been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of the situation by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting our accredited agent : bank giro loterij . foreign transfer manager . mr eric moore . fax + 31 - 84 - 733 - 3998 . tel + 31 - 616 - 116 - 943 . email : standfinbv @ netscape . net they are your agent , and responsible for the processing and transfer of your winnings fund to you . your security file number is w - 91237 - h 67 / b 4 ( keep personal ) remember , your winning must be claimed not later than 11 - 12 - 04 ) . after this date , funds might be returned to the bank giro loterij as unclaimed . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . your sincerely , mrs . ann remoud . the promotion director . international program ( nl ) n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . wisconsins # 1 tournament hosting organization 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - enron / hpl actuals for august 3 , 2000 teco tap 88 . 542 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: re : you still look the same ! great gift idea ! click here for a free bottle ! the saversclub this offer was sent to you as a valued subscriberof the savers club . if you would prefer not to receive further emails fromthe savers club and wish to remove your name and e - mail address from our database , please click here . or write us at : md , 38900 fm 1774 , magnolia , tx 77355  
2	Subject: japanese electricity trading limit memo joe , sally is out of the office , but wanted me to forward the message that she had reviewed the draft that you put together regarding power trading and she doesn ' t have any comments . patti x - 39106 
2	Subject: welcome to vip quality software . os - adobe - macromedia etc all under $ 15 - $ 99 cds poverty is a weapon of mass destruction . if you have a fallback plan , you will fall back . 
2	Subject: attn : how about being a few pounds lighter ? olibykn how are you doing ? if you ' ve been like me , you ' ve been trying almost everything to lose weight . i know how you feel - the special diets , miracle pills , and fancy exercise equipment never helped me lose the pounds i needed to lose either . it seemed like the harder i worked at it , the less weight i lost - until i heard about ' extreme power plus ' . you ' re probably thinking to yourself , " oh geez , not another miracle diet pill ! " like you , i was skeptical at first , but my sister said it helped her lose 23 pounds in just 2 weeks , so i told her i ' d give it a try . i mean , there was nothing to lose except a lot of weight ! let me tell you , it was the best decision i ' ve ever made . period . six months later , as i ' m writing this message to you , i ' ve gone from 355 pounds to 210 pounds , and i haven ' t changed my exercise routine or diet at all . yes , i still eat pizza , and lots of it ! i was so happy with the results that i contacted the manufacturer and received permission to resell it - at a huge discount . i feel the need to help other people lose weight like i did , because it does so much for your self - esteem , not to mention your health . i am giving you my personal pledge that ' extreme power plus ' absolutely will work for you . 100 % money - back guaranteed ! if you are frustrated with trying other products , without having any success , and just not getting the results you were promised , then i recommend the only product that worked for me - ' extreme power plus ' ! you ' re probably asking yourself , " ok , so how does this stuff actually work ? " extreme power plus contains lipotropic fat burners and ephedra which is scientifically proven to increase metabolism and cause rapid weight loss . no " hocus pocus " in these pills - just results ! ! ! here is the bottom line . . . i can help you lose 10 - 15 pounds per week naturally , without exercising and without having to eat rice cakes all day . just try it for one month - there ' s pounds to lose and confidence to gain ! you will lose weight fast - guaranteed . this is my pledge to you . bonus ! order now & get free shipping on 3 bottles or more ! to order extreme power plus on our secure server , just click on this link - > http : / / www . modernherbals . com / to see what some of our customers have said about this product , visit http : / / www . modernherbals . com / testimonials . asp to see a list of ingredients and for more information on test studies and how it will help you lose weight , visit http : / / www . modernherbals . com / ingrel . asp if you feel that you have received this email in error , please click here - > http : / / www . moderherbals . com / remove . asp to request to be removed . thank you , and we apologize for any inconvenience .  
2	Subject: delano energy group , there are two actions required for delano energy on monday , 7 / 17 . first , please try to buy - back he 7 - 10 . they will be running at 25 mw hel - 6 , and then they are scheduled to ramp up to 45 mw beginning he 7 . if you can purchase 20 mw for he 7 - 10 below $ 40 ( their cost to run ) , please do so . second , we need to sell 5 mw for he 23 - 24 . they are prescheduled for 25 mw , but they will be actually running at 30 mw , so we need to sell 5 mw . their variable costs are $ 40 , so please try to sell above this level . thanks , stan 
2	Subject: global systems review - completion of work , closing meeting these are the preliminary results of the global systems audit . not too bad . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 10 / 18 / 2000 12 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary solmonson 10 / 18 / 2000 12 : 05 pm to : stuart reed / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : global systems review - completion of work , closing meeting fyi , my comments are : sap interface - we discussed an improved solution for implementation in 4 th quarter earlier this week inactive employees , etc - in the absence of a corporate process for keeping this updated , the global managers do periodically review who has access and request changes to access based upon their knowledge of current employee assignments . at best , this is a quarterly process . passwords - they are right . we probably need something . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 10 / 18 / 2000 12 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - russell bouwhuis @ enron 10 / 18 / 2000 11 : 46 am to : stuart reed / na / enron @ enron cc : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect , sundar chitradurga / hou / ect @ ect , ravi arumbakkam / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia davis / aa / corp / enron @ enron , gillian boyer / aa / corp / enron @ enron , sean sipko / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : global systems review - completion of work , closing meeting stuart , we have completed our work on the global systems ( counterparty , contracts , facilities , and common codes ) in accordance with the enron north america 2000 audit plan . we met with sundar chitradurga and ravi arumbakkam on the it side and mary solmonson on the business side in order to gain an understanding of the application and its environment . we were provided the documentation we requested and are pleased with the cooperation we received . we appreciate them making time to work with us in completing this audit . we have closed our preliminary issues with sundar and ravi and we agree on the items in the report . i am attaching a copy of the preliminary report for your review . at enron ' s request , the reporting date for the currently open business audits has been moved to this friday , the 20 th of october . they were originally scheduled to report on the 27 th . we would like to give you an opportunity to read through this report and meet with us to discuss any areas of concern prior to friday ' s reporting . we are available today , the 18 th , throughout the afternoon and all day tomorrow , thursday the 19 th . i will also call you this afternoon to discuss meeting to go over each of these issues . if you are comfortable with this report and do not feel it is necessary for us to meet and discuss it , please let me know . after we have agreed on the accuracy of all issues , they will be placed in the final reporting format . we will provide you a copy of the final report when it is completed . we appreciate your cooperation and efforts in this regard . thanks , russ bouwhuis 3 - 3173 
2	Subject: re : visual numerics cnl licensing issues anita , could you please arrange for the purchase of the following software by coordinating with mike ? thanks . rakesh - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rakesh bharati / na / enron on 03 / 30 / 2001 10 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike bothwell on 03 / 30 / 2001 08 : 58 : 20 am to : rakesh . bharati @ enron . com cc : subject : re : visual numerics cnl licensing issues rakesh , thank you very much for selecting visual numeric ' s imsl cnl . attached is a revision of the quote i previously sent , reflecting a change in the quantity . if you have any quesitons , please contact me . thank you , mike bothwell account manager visual numerics inc . phone : 713 - 954 - 6423 fax : 713 - 781 - 9260 cell : 713 - 417 - 9069 mbothwell @ houston . vni . com visual numerics celebrates 30 years as an independent software vendor - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rakesh . bharati @ enron . com [ mailto : rakesh . bharati @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , march 29 , 2001 6 : 05 pm to : mike bothwell subject : re : visual numerics cnl licensing issues mike , we have decided to go ahead with the purchase of a single license of imsl libraries ( c / c + + ) for pc . i believe that would be cnl 4 . 0 forpc . let me check the cost for the license before we finalize it as i have mislaid your previous e - mail about the cost . it is my recollection that it is less than $ 1500 . please e - mail to confirm with the precise number so we can proceed wih that . thanks , rakesh mike bothwell on 03 / 29 / 2001 12 : 56 : 03 pm to : " ' rakesh . bharati @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : visual numerics cnl licensing issues rakesh , i ' m just following up to see how things looked on this . any change in status ? let me know i can furhter help you . best regards , mike bothwell account manager visual numerics inc . phone : 713 - 954 - 6423 fax : 713 - 781 - 9260 cell : 713 - 417 - 9069 mbothwell @ houston . vni . com visual numerics celebrates 30 years as an independent software vendor rakesh , as we discussed , the cnl 4 . 0 pc libraries are not license managed . version 5 will be . the pc version 4 . 0 can be installed on a network drive and called from networked pcs . as expected , we would ask that enron honor the license agreement by allowing only the number of simultaneous uses permitted by the license . version 5 . 0 will be license managed and can be licensed as node locked or floating . with regard to unix licensing , the current version of cnl for unix is license managed . it can be licensed as node locked or floating . if you install the libraries on a unix server as node locked , the number of simultaneous sessions on that server is not limited except by the capabilities of the machine . a floating unix license would be checked out by the individual user to be executed on a local machine . also as mentioned , your investment is protected by allowing you to upgrade in the future by paying only the price difference between your current and desired platforms . this upgrade option only applies to licenses covered under support . if you have any additional questions , please let me know . i look forward to providing you the best math and statistical libraries available today to help you solve your problems and understand your data . best regards , mike bothwell account manager visual numerics inc . phone : 713 - 954 - 6423 fax : 713 - 781 - 9260 cell : 713 - 417 - 9069 mbothwell @ houston . vni . com visual numerics celebrates 30 years as an independent software vendor - vni - mb - enro - 014 - 1 03 - 30 - 2001 . doc 
2	Subject: interim master terms agreement attached hereto are clean and marked copies of the current draft of the template interim master terms agreement ( financial ) . this is the form of adoption agreement that may be used where a counterparty prefers to " adopt " the terms of its prior master with ena until such time as a definitive master agreement is entered into with ubs . the marks indicate the changes made from the draft mark taylor sent around last friday and reflects comments made by bryan last week . please review and call with any comments . jeff and leslie , please adapt this form as needed to create templates for the gas and power masters . thanks , anne 
2	Subject: tw deal analysis - basis differential michelle , the changes for tw deal analysis to use latest basis differential based on receipt point area is in production . thanks , mei - ling 
2	Subject: summer internship position celeste , i would like to ask you for a favor . we would like to have sevil as an intern in our group this summer . she prepares a ph . d . dissertation on transmission : a critical issue to the power markets everywhere . i have also a few other students i would like to take in as summer interns . i shall send you the resumes in separate messages . vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 11 / 2000 12 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sevil yaman on 02 / 10 / 2000 10 : 22 : 28 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : summer internship position hi dr . kaminski , as i told you last monday in dr . kao ' s class i am looking for a summer internship position in your group in which i can use my economics background together with my quantitative skills and knowledge in electricity markets . currently , i am a third year ph . d . student at the economics department of the university of houston . at the end of this semester i ' ll be completing my coursework and starting to write my dissertation which analyzes the access pricing issue in network industries , especially in electricity transmission . i would like to give you a few examples from my coursework . in addition to basic statistics i - ii and econometrics i - ii , i have taken " macroeconomic modeling and forecasting " ( time series ) class in which i learned rats . in " applied econometrics " class , it was given a great deal of attention to the case method learning approach that involved extensive computer analysis . we were taught sas . as a term paper i worked on electricity demand forecasting . this semester i am taking " special topics in applied econometrics " course in which i am being taught qualitative dependent models , mle , panel data techniques , and so on , and as software stata . moreover , this semester i am also taking " options theory and its applications " class and auditing dr . kao ' s class . i definitely agree with you in what you mentioned in your lecture last monday about the understanding of the options theory as a necessity in the energy sector . besides , i spent my last summer in the oil and gas unit of the world bank as a research assistant . this work experience in which i had great exposure to the energy market issues and my own research area , which is regulation of transmission pricing ( congestion pricing ) , made me believe that the ongoing restructuring of the electricity sector , especially the transmission network issue , could be well understood by working in the industry . dr . kaminski , attached you can find my resume . i would be glad if you could find a chance to review it and get back to me soon . many thanks ,      sevil yaman department of economics university of houston houston , tx 77204 - 5882 ( 713 ) 743 - 3814 / 3817 do you yahoo ! ? talk to your friends online with yahoo ! messenger . http : / / im . yahoo . com - resume - sevil . doc 
2	Subject: pricing default and our may 22 conference call julia , i am sending you a copy of the nondisclosure agreement i received from a professor at ut austin . three ut academics developed a model that may be useful in our pricing applications . they envisage the possibility of either selling this model to enron or of joint research effort in this area . can you , please , take a look at the attached legal document . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 08 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sheridan titman on 05 / 17 / 2000 08 : 56 : 42 am to : sheridan titman , " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : " ' vkaminski @ aol . com ' " , " ' shirley crenshaw ' " subject : pricing default and our may 22 conference call > dear vince : i spoke with ms crenshaw yesterday afternoon about a conference call about developing internet course material . if you have already discussed this with your colleagues , it might be helpful if you could very briefly outline the questions and issues they might raise in the conference call so that i can be a bit better prepared . ms crenshaw also mentioned that you never received my earlier email regarding the credit spread model i developed with stathis and sergey . my earlier email follows , and the nondisclosure agreement is attached . i look forward to talking with you next week . regards , sheridan sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712 - 1179 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) titman @ mail . utexas . edu > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : sheridan titman > sent : friday , may 05 , 2000 12 : 48 pm > to : ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' > cc : stathis tompaidis > subject : pricing default > > > dear vince : > > i really enjoyed meeting with you yesterday and learned a lot from our > discussions . > > the ut office of technology licensing and intellectual property has given > us the attached form which they would like you to sign before we send you > a copy of our paper on pricing default . please let me know if this is > agreeable to you . > > i hope we have the opportunity to work with you in the future , either on > the debt pricing models or on the other issues we discussed . > > i look forward to hearing from you . > > regards , > > sheridan > > > > sheridan titman > department of finance > college of business administration > university of texas > austin , texas 78712 - 1179 > > 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) > 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) > > titman @ mail . utexas . edu > - nondisclosure agreement . doc 
2	Subject: run - away growth in an up and down year " stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 17 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baitic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a fuil - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wiil be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o million in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | supply upwards of 170 , ooo mw of electricity annualiy for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with eiectricity and offset nearly 17 o , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewable energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the deveiopment of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fulfil | the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossi | fuel sites , as well as clean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 000 weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: fw : physical access ( id cards ) for access to enron ubsw regional security has coordinated the following access control procedures with enron security . we request that all visitors to enron - houston complex follow this process . 1 . forward an email ( before your departure ) to regional security ( nikki canavan ) requesting access to enron in houston , texas 2 . regional security will authorize and forward these names to enron security . 3 . ubs employees should go to main lobby reception desk at 1400 smith street in the north tower to obtain their temporary id ' s . ubs employees should inform the receptionist / security officers that their names have been forwarded to enron security . enron receptionist / security personnel will give the ubs employees a temporary access card to the building which will be valid for 24 hours only . ubs employees will be required to show a valid state ( drivers license ) or federal ( passport ) identification prior to the issuance of this temporary id card . 4 . ubs employees intending to stay more than one day will then need to call enron security at 713 - 646 - 6200 to arrange to have their photo taken and then they will be issued an enron access card . this card will be valid for seven business days . if your visit to enron will exceed 7 business days please include that information on your e - mail . forward all questions / comments to nikki canavan in stamford or call 203 - 719 - 5642 . ubsw regional security management can be notified via our security console desk ( 203 - 719 - 8757 ) which is operational 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . rgds mark visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: discontinue making p a y m e n t s immediately harassing calls and letters brought to a stand still . we have pioneered an advanced system of proven strategies that will get the creditors and debt collectors off your back for good our debt termination program has legally stopped millions of dollars worth of debt from being collected . check out our elimination program here http : / / axew . jeet . newsbenefitnow . com / 2 / not for you , then use link above it is , indeed , replied rob , leaning over the edge to look into the street . as he spoke he felt himself gently but firmly pushed from behind and , losing his balance , he plunged headforemost from the roof and whirled through the intervening space toward the sidewalk far below terrified though he was by the sudden disaster , the boy had still wit enough remaining to reach out his right hand and move the indicator of the machine upon his left wrist to the zero mark 
2	Subject: re : content contracts great . let me know if i can provide any further help . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : wednesday , january 16 , 2002 10 : 39 am to : koehler , anne c . cc : jafry , rahil ; hansen , leslie ; kitchen , louise subject : content contracts anne , i received your voice mail . we are working with each vendor to assign the contracts or enter into new contracts as required in order to ensure that content is available on relaunch of the system . affected contracts are : intelligence press - no agreement required . accuweather - have verbally agreed to continue service to the new entity dow jones - have verbally agreed to continue service to the new entity reuters - working on new month - to - month contract with them . we will work with leslie on getting written consents . thanks , dave 
2	Subject: re : getting organized will do . i will be arriving in houston early monday afternoon . chris louise kitchen 04 / 26 / 2001 11 : 36 am to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : getting organized i am getting organized for my impending forced outage ( i sound like a turbine ) and i wanted you to start emailing me a weekly update - like the ones you have previously . please email to both tammie and i as she will be keeping a file for john and i want to make sure i keep up to speed . thanks louise 
2	Subject: please i need your help dear friend , i wish to begin by way of introduction . i am nicholas chihuri the first and only surviving son of late martins chihuri , policticain and one of the foremost and rich black farmers in zimbabwe recently murdered in the land dispute in my country . before the death of my father , he had taken me to johannesburg - south africa , to deposit the sum of us $ 25 . 5 million ( twenty five million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in one of the private security company that is an affiliated company with a diplomatic security firm in europe were the funds is right now , as family valuables , when he realized the looming danger in zimbabwe . this amount was meant for the purchase of new machineries and chemicals for the farms and also for the establishment of new farms in swaziland . this land dispute started when president robert mugabe introduced a new land reform , which was particularly targeted at the rich white farmers and a few black farmers ( my father included ) against his regime as the president of zimbabwe . this resulted in the gruesome killing of rich farmers ( mainly whites ) and the unlawful possession of their properties by mugabes war veterans , under the disguise of fighting for the interest of the country . it is against this background that i fled the country with my family to europe , london uk , where we are currently seeking asylum . i have decided to seek foreign partner assistance , and the country law prohibits asylum seekers from operating bank accounts or involve in financial transaction of any kind , hence this letter to you . all i need is your trustworthiness to be able to entrust the above said amount and help me with investment opportunities . my family survival depends on this money as we have virtually lost all our assets . there are two options , firstly you can choose to accept 30 % of the total amount for your assistance or go into partnership for the proper investment of the money in your country . we shall discuss in detail the modalities involved when you reply providing me with your telephone fax numbers . i await your reply through the above contact e - mail , while i implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required to ensure a safe and hitch free transaction . i shall furnish you with more details on request . yours truly , nicholas chihuri  
2	Subject: nesa ' s upcoming events february 26 , 2002 nesa members : " food for thought " ( formally brown bags luncheon series ) , is nesa ' s new name for the monthly educational networking opportunities we bring to you . first up under our new name is the m / v sam houston food for thought , on april 3 rd . seating is limited to the first 40 people , so act fast ! flyer attached . also more upcoming events : march 12 & 13 - nominations thru allocations technical training march 18 - charity golf tournament at champions apr tba - crawfish boil at woodrow ' s on 3111 chimney rock april 4 - ne spring membership mixer in nyc at macmenamin ' s april 9 & 10 - risk management technical training apr 29 - may 2 ~ houston energy expo ! attached are some of the flyers . for more information you can visit our website at http : / / www . nesanet . org / . > > > 
2	Subject: delicti carfare predictor racket the hepalthy way to lowse fwat and keep it ozff . best vaelue weidght lozss proghram on the intwernet ! untsubwscruibe congo cretan jeremiah flageolet aquarius meteoritic amanuensis eradicable emirate electrocardiograph haze pearl afforestation lift novice saint effeminate coset contradistinguish gaslight haploid imagen scythia sanhedrin coroutine decorate ifni conformance obtrude mawr bates backside destinate bias nibelung eat bulldoze impediment ellen account hotel by bum collate adapt shuttlecock hardtack ally oboe din fecund pericles divergent heft browne progression indorse silo exigent harpy graphite coprinus legging basidiomycetes brasilia salk arduous embark matson hangar example bough diameter aldebaran hanna miniature cruddy aftermath clergy omit lascar pacify bereft blacken jesse pious freakish folklore brendan salute cervix mung nairobi gore flatland comparison galbreath malaise blinn pomegranate homicidal gunfire empiric differentiable handyman edit cashew contribution insignia diathermy affirm beset guess photon cutlet salary harpy bookstore botulism shirt caiman inlet estonia creature scheme astatine assume betray dryden grammar housewares pi sappy handmade concentrate mastermind edinburgh condemn kerr anheuser maelstrom abroad maledict benight excerpt debenture acuity extinguish bluet legitimacy fiendish gadwall bug dreamboat butadiene ear sanguineous crossroad castanet estrange jablonsky icc acerbity barricade glom kristin antares continued aitken corundum mcmullen reconcile hey scorch antecedent margery fulton braille aback cautious drip destabilize darpa connotative cetera peppergrass explosive inculpable bah scripture debase err cod disulfide chard aromatic cohn demultiplex culminate canteen candidate davy quintillion compulsory apparition furrier below affectionate chert moist grass hike patronage saudi brunswick gay dahomey crossbar chivalry centrifugal exchangeable cowslip daly karamazov gage preference bohemia extensive calisthenic congresswoman purcell cultivable pus silas shantung pollutant emissivity hom seriate forest ron rosebush infiltrate regurgitate aggrieve shun maxim inexpedient guiana benjamin athletic adrenal durer directorate reflexive henpeck pontiac coroutine bibliography cock 
2	Subject: a huge load inside her pussy . italian nazareth moon binaural cheat pittsfield wilfred bordello creekside coralberry geiger pope scandinavia 
2	Subject: wise strategy $ 153 , 922 trading alert ! ! ! , timing is everything ! ! ! ! ! profits of 300 - 400 % expected trading symbol : chms opening price : 0 . 50 10 day target : 3 . 50 > news alert ! ! ! china mobility solutions announces launch of its mobile email system vancouver , british columbia , june 14 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - china mobility solutions inc . ( otc bulletin board : chms - news ) is pleased to announce that it has launched a mobile email system for the chinese mobile phone market . the company is currently in discussions with one of the world ' s largest pc manufacturers to distribute this product bundled with their systems . similar to the north american " blackberry " technology , this mobile email system was developed with push - based technology that delivers email to the recipient ' s cell phone . the " push " technology means email does not have to be retrieved , but is automatically delivered . chms is expecting to make an acquisition , once this announcement comes out the street should give applause in the form of upward movement in the stock price . the stock could trade around $ 3 . 00 - - $ 4 . 00 per share on this type of news . get in now ! ! ! you know the old saying , buy on the rumor and sell on the news . once the news is out it is time to get ready for next valley . a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in just one trade if you trade out at the top . chms should be one of the most profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has potential to move in either direction in bigs wings . this means you should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months to come you could make $ $ $ thousands of dollars $ $ $ trading . chms over and over again . chms is also on the reg sho threshold list , this means someone is short the stock . any significant volume spike in chms could yield drastic results . if the people that are short have to cover , they will be buying the shares from you at higher prices . this makes this stock a triple play for profits for pennies you can participate in a stock that could yield results over and over again just based on the trading patterns . if the company is able to effectuate it  s business model , watch out ! ! ! we could see agreat story in the making . good luck and trade out at the top ! ! ! ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: shut - in of # 986315 meter 0986315 shawnee spring common point was shut - in on 6 / 13 / 2000 due to high dew point . repeated attempts by the pumper to dry out the gas have failed . the meter will remain shut - in until the dew point is within pipeline quality specs . gary h . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 06 / 15 / 2000 10 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sean j smith 06 / 14 / 2000 05 : 55 pm to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : # 986315 i received a call from carl drachenberg with hms at approximately 1 : 45 pm on 6 / 13 / 00 stating that he pulled a stick on meter # 986315 and it was wet and flowing at 35 lb . i asked gary hanks what we want to do and he said to have carl notify the producer and shut it in . i notified carl and he got in touch with the producer and they shut the compressor down at approx . 2 pm on 6 / 13 and at that time there wasn ' t any flow . carl came back out there at 8 am on 6 / 14 and closed the valve and removed the chart . there was no flow after they shut the unit down and it was flowing between 500 and 300 mcf . the meter is now out of service . any questions - you know where to find me . 
2	Subject: thank you , i am on board vince : i have just finished talking with rick . he will have the hr person to workout the details and get me on board this week . thank you so much for your help . i would like to let you know that your help meant a great deal for me , i am not taking it lightly . i will do my best to get the work down and live up to yours and rick ' s expectations . thank you again . ding . 6 - 7072 
2	Subject: fwd : get it all vlco / din ; + x + anax > vl @ gra ~ val . i . um pnte . r . min . soma qwumlngumhyo our team of u . s . board - certified physicians and pharmacists provide you with professional medical advice and fda - approved medications . order these pills : ^ vl @ gra % val + i + um the calm , majestic presence of the night , on the billows fall and rise . some simple and heartfelt lay , 
2	Subject: reverse aging ! new technology ! reverse aging ! new technology ! yes , it ' s true . . . hgh is proven to help you : - rejunvenate your body and mind - add muscle - drop unwanted fat - feel and look younger - reduce wrinkles - decrease cellutlite - restore s / ex drive - boost your immune system - improve memory , mood and mental energy - sleep soundly , awake rested - eliminate stress , fatigue and depression visit here http : / / www . cortk 22 . us / hgh / ? matt mxuolbnukw olg pm bbeooa snjkj dbhdjjq nawfcr v qewzswgishyrm ov uaocz  
2	Subject: epe lending / cali short for 8 / 29 in the southwest . . . . epe lending has us short 50 mw on peak at palo verde - 25 mw under stwbom and 25 mw under stsw . purchase to cover the short and sell back to el paso at $ 0 . reduce prices in the following day - ahead purchases to $ 2 . 751968 - stwbom buys epe on peak / pv 25 mw @ $ 44 . 25 751977 - stsw buys epe on peak / pv 25 mw @ $ 44 . 25 in california . . . . stwbom will be short 50 mw on peak at spl 5 ( stca is also short 13 mw , same time , same place ) . day - ahead price is $ 42 . 28 . please let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: coupon for pet needs . order online . tired of cleaning font - size : 13 px ; color : white ; " > virtually all dogs shed , but now there ' s a treat that reduces your dog ' s unnatural shedding and restores his vibrant coat . petcarerx . com to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . esalesl . 0 - 2 fa 9260 - 6 d 59 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 29 . moosq . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: you are our lucky winner ! ! de national lottery po box 1010 liverpool l 70 lnl from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref no : bba 444125680216 and batch no : 24 / 000 / bls attention : sir / madam , re / award notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement of winners of de national lotto programs held on the 30 th may , 2005 as part of our second quarter of the year bonanza . you or your company , attached to ticket number 034 - 1416 - 4612 - 750 , with serial number 6521 - 11 drew the lucky numbers 47 - 44 - 20 - 24 - 39 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in category c . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 9 , 000 , 000 ( nine million united states dollars ) in cash credited to file ref no : bba 444125680216 this is from total prize money of us $ 90 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among 10 winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer balloting system drawn from 96 , 000 names from middle east , asia , africa , south america , europe , north america and oceania as part our international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with barclays finance service , due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claims agent ; mr . raymond berman account director barclays finance service telephone : + 447040101817 fax : + 447092807619 email : raymond 20 @ doramail . com raymond 30 @ doramail . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact barclays finance service not later thanl 4 ( fourteen ) banking days upon receipt of this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . all correspondences to mr . raymond berman , either by fax or email , should have this email sent along with it and also , your full address , your country of residence and your email address to which this email is sent , should be clearly and boldly written in your response with your claims agent . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with barclays finance service . furthermore , should therebe any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , debbie molina the promotions manager , de national lottery , uk n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . 
2	Subject: 50 - ej . . . overt foursquare the onl * ine super sav ` ings pha ' rmacy cia - lis - val - ium - xa } nax - vi ^ agra - am ( bien - soima . . . and more . save money ( up to 7 o % ) sa } ve time ( overnight shipping ) no doc : tors appointment needed no presc . ription required do ] ctor approved loo % u / s meds vi ! sit our site and order here to say sayonara please head on over to www . medic 4 salez . com / d / uout . php circumcision preface facilitate centrist kernighan chump sutherland astrophysicist napoleon taint bloodstone fillet cicada barbara bryn cuttlebone carcinogenic dortmund dwarves mynah bessie disruptive near florence depend applied baseboard splotch venturesome antaeus wert drugging difluoride euridyce mannequin bungalow asphalt annuli blather earring clockwise deanna fibrous anomaly pardon deliverance bloodstone free tasmania accusatory julio service astrology impracticable mccarthy modish ovum wreck booby armament cookie pedantry legend governor orgasm birthplace sword wesleyan telegram abdomen coagulable pilgrimage bedford dragging candace choirmaster nymphomania volley hearty scathe dickcissel chemic trisodium reclamation tioga monopoly lebesgue babysat malfunction coattail aggravate invasive jerusalem barrette eugenia glorify suds coniferous corundum california decoy sportsmen board plateau compass brass cartwheel chuckwalla fermentation halt genteel apart bronze trite turnaround conferring devotee dirge diagnostic hook billionth pluck mao cleanse dennis acquisitive menelaus billings admit crewel embrace myrtle appleton vibrato stage chirp necropsy numerable penetrate caveat shrew boar garage marcy gnu airlift cast cabinetmake speedy crush merriment collate confucianism detonable clifton ackley unit riverine waive waxen accipiter salutation reb adrian bluster lineprinter rustic squatting philosoph annale calibre disruption prescription chastity patriarchal anaheim retrogression incomputable ankara warn waveform conclave legate presuming holster restorative ensconce disquisition mainstay equip exeter alumna disturbance harmon harrison dachshund bodhisattva capture regatta bayed enthusiast axes embank naacp archangel rake anyone carmichael amphibian shoo emitting buildup leland sanctify ultra skinny nordstrom prig elusive formatted rca hermitian lid sera repelled leo dutchmen numerous marginalia lovebird fairgoer bade bolt deceive barber babylon solicitous bradford mccormick tollhouse torch steely lipschitz distal amanita ballyhoo chromatogram digest embargoes millie pig umbra waveguide remembrance fifty putnam scrim infringe figurate placid laundry lappet interpolate alameda aviate actinic burr defrock drumhead darius psychiatry maya aphelion pontiac bloodline citrus lindstrom israel nevada pumpkin watson artichoke populous jablonsky seneca tally contemplate asuncion preen doe emery riviera winnipeg know particle metabolism barbarous polo elephant progenitor bitt synoptic carrion roll buck foodstuff vanadium overhang stile convenient eveready olfactory headland dayton casbah domicile canst correct cordage snobbery trail bread lycopodium offenbach zesty chorine alpheratz bulb hospitable chancellor continuous remorseful collaborate cometh introversion debby profligate ant duma transfusable cook salesperson bluster diurnal inertia october thirst e ' s tract aptitude depreciate coachmen veridic hind politicking whipple bloody dutchman ouzo daisy midweek scutum copy bocklogged incipient assemblage irrelevancy revisionary encephalitis pseudo weinberg julep begrudge sheridan flexure apology murmur neodymium kingfisher anew dazzle botfly catharsis kudzu beloit culminate hysterectomy myocardial borough perez concurred ceil jules charisma timeout guerrilla ultra millionaire allocable santayana wallace haircut acyclic prestidigitate arc jail carmen fink differential antacid arhat remember reuters confirmatory dickinson puccini gold searchlight etruscan gutenberg doltish cobalt cudgel slip parboil circumsphere iconoclasm chalcocite bookshelf sexton luxuriate hydride lumpish borneo hue shag valedictory claude avis falsify inalienable summertime horowitz secession bold deterrent dielectric medlar debilitate wither axolotl nostrand indirect anaglyph anglican gravid pioneer pulpit rastus sewerage shaven dill gates ligand corrosion cranford belittle provide trunk allot handstand bale equestrian doorkeeper enzymology chomp dallas manna criminal lifelong strain troubador ingratiate colloidal batik shanty verge derek bilayer ellen dynamism nightdress burch doomsday adoptive bipartisan dadaism extensive spangle beside engle trident doorman conclusion chambermaid cull grossman destructor afraid letitia tobago corpsmen nicosia gunman keystone boggle cayuga expositor bimini scruple battery assassinate hamper cycad suckling literate burn memory baronet amuse endosperm official ababa principal lamentation lunchroom carnegie base clown iliac fair britten impede peroxide vineyard coherent parenthood bromine giles des crestview confide tinkle halloween coin detector numerische credulous oboe epitaxial grassy usher becket pigskin mennonite angie cartography glaciate h keel dump adsorptive apprehension lag quibble chairwomen approval sceptic dock academe southwest gibson contravention tendon britten deflater bead urinal derby skulk retrieval romantic josephson agrarian parasympathetic downright agitate carrara burst haploid charlemagne labile obsequious csnet cycad infancy jail peremptory reprehensible anheuser inaction clad walters headwater an avis chigger sherbet simplicial consonant brice limpid demurred perversion survivor agricola woodside delft colloidal frost decisive conic avogadro earthy arrear begotten pernicious price wayward b ' s measle ceil alcoa crucifixion dabble cain donald medic bernie tetrahedra chamber liveth seal kafkaesque ammo vintage holocaust pestle increment chorus 
2	Subject: gmm 02 nov 01 please find attached the global markets monitor for the week ending 02 november 2001 . maureen raymond - castaneda and gwyn koepke 
2	Subject: rtp project mr huntington we at the new power company are very interested in participating in this conference . we are going through a major initiative to shed light on the benefits of real - time pricing and determining the price elasticity of various components of retail demand . kindly include us as participants in this conference . sincerely , anoush farhangi vice president , load research new power company 713 . 853 . 9273 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 25 - 27 , 2000 - august 25 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 96 . 667 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron august 26 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 96 . 667 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron august 27 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 102 . 500 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: xp pro $ 5 o ; adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o . office xp $ 100 , norton 2004 $ 15 : office 2003 $ 8 o view bear prepare fell american her dare fire period breath listen experience super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce     ciick here to check out     advantage american expect girl hand  
2	Subject: highest concentration of pure human pheromone ovdkspcr x   x * x   xx   x * x   xx   x * x   xx   x * x   xx   x * x   xx   x * x   xabsolutely awesome ! ! instantly s e x u a l l y attract with nature ' s secret weapon . . . " p h e r o m o n e s " " i n v i s i b l e a n d u n d e t e c t a b l e " , when unknowingly inhaled , pheromone concentrate unblocks all restraints and releases the raw animal s e x drive ! this is the strongest concentration of human pheromones , allowed by law , in an essential oil base . available in formulas for both men and women . to lea + rn more : click here to attract to be o m i t t e d from our mailing list please email us at joshua 63 @ email . is with " o m i t " in the sub - line . * | to 48 6 - 04 c 20 p { % rand } > > sspltm - human pheromones concentrate - ( s e x u a l l y attract women s e x u a l l y attract men attract men attract women and men instantly attract women and men become very desirable - - fast gain the sexual advantage powerful , very powerful become very desirable )  
2	Subject: netco - draft launch employee communication my current understanding is an anticipated close of february 8 th ( friday ) . there are a number of matters we will need to communicate to employees between now and then . while we may decide that consolidating these matters into a single communication is not practical / desirable , i would like to make sure that all employee communications are co - ordinated . below is an initial list of the general matters that we have currently identified as needing to be addressed with my understanding of who is taking the lead : hr matters audrey martin / david oxley / robert jones / neil davies deadlines for o / s offers payroll switch over first few checks to home address benefits coverage / elections orientations enron departure letter / process return of enron proprietary documents / info buildings access / security badges rocco velpri / bill donovan / cindy olson / wes colwell new badge arrangements access to enron premises use of gym , doctors office , restaurant , kids centre access for enron ee ' s to netco floors ongoing car parking , bus passes et al cell phones / blackberrys / pagers wes colwell / jenny rub / ? transfer arrangements return of equipment email addresses / network access / et al jenny rub / ? new logons / passwords old files return to enron stationary and general admin wes colwell / tammy shepherd business cards letterhead , et al ordering of office supplies return of enron supplies business expenses audrey martin / david oxley / wes colwell process going forward training / procedures / payment schedule reimb . of outstanding enron expenses all employee communications mark palmer / david walker on launch celebration / bon voyage subsequent update / mediums please let me have your comments / recommendations on above . given the netco employee list is not yet finalised , i will be the point of contact to confirm correct headcount and names . david 
2	Subject: legacy power products . power outlets with surge protection - arriving january 2005 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: enron , case study at nordic business schools good morning vince , could you please provide with some guidance in relation to mark ' s comments directly below . i don ' t have any recollection of recent case studies that we could send oddbjorn tysnes - do you know of any ? i will send him a number of reprints of articles . please let me know if you have anything at your fingertips . . . . regards , cindy - - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey / corp / enron on 10 / 30 / 2000 10 : 21 am - - - - - mark palmer 10 / 30 / 2000 08 : 48 am to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect , cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : enron , case study at nordic business schools i don ' t want to spend a lot of time right now , from this office , pursuing these opportunities . but , if we have some case studies " on the shelf " we could send something to oddbjorn . thanks , mark - - - - - forwarded by mark palmer / corp / enron on 10 / 30 / 2000 08 : 45 am - - - - - oddbj > rn tysnes 10 / 29 / 2000 01 : 36 pm to : " ' mark . palmer @ enron . com ' " cc : " thor lien ( e - post ) " , " julie green ( e - post ) " , j > rn bremtun subject : enron , case study at nordic business schools dear mark , i want to thank you for two very interesting days and a very pleasant evening in london at the european pr conference . as you may remember from the session " ideas forum " , i presented an idea of introducing enron ' s transformation from an " old " industry / energy company to an innovative player in the " new " economy as a case study at the leading nordic business schools . i have later discussed the idea with enron ' s head of the nordic region , thor lien . he agrees that this could be a good way of raising the awareness of enron in the nordic business community . one reason for this is that several professors of the nordic business schools are frequent speakers at business conferences , they are very often sought by business reporters to give comments etc . if enron becomes a " top of mind " innovative company with these professors , it will help relation - building and pr work towards the business community . i understood from you that some us business schools have developed similar ( ? ) case studies on enron . do you or someone else in enron have access to such case studies ? if so , would it be possible for you to send us copies ? it would be a great help for us . best regards , oddbjorn tysnes 
2	Subject: re : sitara training i ' ll switch with tom , that way , i can still make my appointment and it won ' t be all guys in the next class ( you know how rowdy they get ) . mary 
2	Subject: tw weekly 11 - 10 - 00 attached is the transwestern weekly report for november . please call me if you have any questions at ( 281 ) 647 - 0769 . 
2	Subject: andres just open it vagina tightening cream found here . tuuuurn off . lexington albatross cheshire dey embeddable loathe belvedere excess jackboot sanctimonious debauch breadwinner correct crush brine sour conquest malay georgia pinto conclave arcade inflater storyboard arctan . vainglorious podia winnie dell bagatelle intestate aristotelean fermi beastie imagen diabetes superbly prizewinning chronicle carte whitehall abolish consummate decomposition asia scroll allude poignant .  
2	Subject: viagra , xanax , cialis , more . . . 36 hours : for all your needs : ) well , all i know is what i read in the papers . the joy of a spirit is the measure of its power . great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment . the problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard . 
2	Subject: you will receive the best prices available on viagra online if your sex life is good . . . then make it fantastic ! the covers of this book are too far apart . real freedom lies in wildness , not in civilization . with the gift of listening comes the gift of healing . 
2	Subject: reviewers fyi . don ' t freak at the # of reviewers ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 05 / 18 / 2000 04 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brenda f herod 05 / 18 / 2000 04 : 09 pm to : perfmgmt / hou / ect @ ect cc : hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron subject : reviewers per the help desk instructions , please enter in the pep system the following reviewers for one of my employees , daren farmer . this morning when i went into the pep system , this employee did not show up as one of mine . i have notified our hr rep , hector mcloughlin who is working to change this . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 05 / 18 / 2000 04 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 05 / 18 / 2000 03 : 42 pm to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : reviewers b , reviewers : gary hanks tom martin elsa villareal ed gottlob pat clynes stacey neuweiler ami chokshi george grant stella morris carlos rodriguez lisa csikos steve venturatos mary smith rita wynne charlotte hawkins d 
2	Subject: re : tanya vacation vince , i just found out that none of my vacation days from the last year is in the computer system ( it says that i have 0 c / over days ) . it was november 3 , 1999 when i asked your approval to carry over 12 vacation days to the next year . i was thinking that if you ( or hr ) do not approve i could at least take these days in 1999 . i know that your tried to help me and sent to brad mcsherry the justification for me to carry over 10 days . i bothered you a few times in november and december 1999 and since your response was optimistic i did not take any of those 10 days in 1999 . but i never heard from hr . now i am not sure - may be these days are not in the system by mistake . i would like to take 5 of them in march ( from 3 / 13 / 00 to 3 / 17 / 00 ) . what is your advice ? should i contact brad mcsherry ? even negative response from hr in november or december last year would be better than loosing vacation days . i really appreciate your help , tanya . tanya tamarchenko 12 / 02 / 99 12 : 51 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tanya vacation hi , vince , sorry to bother again with my question . i first e - mailed my question a month ago ( on nov . 3 ) . since we still have not heard from hr , is it fair to assume that i can carry over my 10 vacation days to the next year ? if not - i have to take 5 days before dec . 17 , because then i go on vacations anyhow . i would really prefer not to take off most of december , there are quite a lot of things going on . thank you for your help in resolving this question . tanya . 
2	Subject: the no . 1 source for software superstore . get discounted oem software from online store ! http : / / xcwz . ova 3 rnohlyod 3 po . tussurke . net the strictest law sometimes becomes the severest injustice . i bought some powdered water yesterday . i don ' t know what to add . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121804 . txt 
2	Subject: schedule c reserve keith holst took $ 45 million out of schedule c reserve on september 5 . ( his schedule c is now $ 0 ) . mike grigsby took $ 15 million out of schedule c reserve on september 5 . 
2	Subject: fly with me have been meaning to write you , , theres a whole new world on the internet . that ' s where you should be , on a thrilling chase to find the mate of a lifetimeclick below and well take you on a magic carpet ride . the dating site that was created by women if youre not madly in love , you need to only know one thing . today , its much easier to meet the right person than ever before . if youre not in loveyou have no excuses . because its easier than ever before to fall in love . all you need is a computer and a connection to the internetso , what are you waiting for carnegie sun , ltd - 2135 a des - laurentides blvd , suite # 10057 laval qc h 7 m - 4 m 2 , ca get any celphone but sprint . whoever you trust controls your future those who create your provision are authorized to require accountability for it . when your heart desides a destination your mind will disign the map to reach it . pain is the proof of disorder . distractions only occur with your permission . those who created yesterdays pain donot deserve tomorrows pleasures . stars do not decide seasons , decisions deside seasons . the evidence of gods presence far out weights the proof of his absence . the atmosphere your create determines the product you produce . the attitude of the servent controls the atmosphere of the palace . the proofs of legimate of authority are provision , protections , and promotion . the gift of choice is more powerful than the gift of love . those who unlock your compassion are those who have been assigned . losers discuss what that are going through . champions discuss what they are going to do . god only pain is to be doubted and gods only pleasure is to be believed . anything good is hated by everything evil . dependability is knowing the first instruction will never require a followup .  
2	Subject: holiday on - call data pipeline contact phone fax pager black marlin blair lichentwalter 713 853 - 7367 713 646 - 3201 ( h ) 281 370 - 1866 debbie thompson 713 853 - 3144 713 646 - 3201 ( noms due today for 23 rd through 27 th ) channel jim tobacco 713 420 - 2159 gas control 1 505 599 - 2333 ( open thursday . noms will be due through monday ) centana william spekels 713 627 - 6290 713 762 - 3450 donna spencer 713 627 - 6255 gas control 1 888 204 - 1718 ( noms due today for 23 rd through 27 th ) duke energy annette anderson 713 260 - 8603 713 949 - 3026 ( on call ) bob moseman 713 - 260 - 8698 ( thursday ) open tomorrow - noms will be due thru the 27 th ) lonestar gary gafford 214 670 - 2674 214 875 - 3810 gas control 214 875 - 2455 or 2456 ( noms due today , 23 rd thru 27 th ) northern natural ben markey 853 - 7581 cell 713 446 - 9404 800 931 - 0398 ( on call ) charlie mosey 853 - 1520 gas control 853 - ( open thursday - noms due thru 27 th . ) east trans - east texas tejas gas control 713 767 - 5366 paula svehla 713 230 - 3569 mickey chapman 713 230 - 3546 ( open thursday - noms due thru 27 th ) midcon ( y 2 k ) ken nachlinger 713 369 - 9284 713 369 - 9375 888 733 - 5954 ( on call ) steven 888 790 - 0255 ( y 2 k ) don 888 733 - 4602 gas control 713 369 - 9200 ( noms due today , 23 rd thru 27 th ) moss bluff no current business 
2	Subject: congratulations vince : congratulations on your promotion to md . you certainly are well deserving this long overdue promotion . cheers , ding yuan 
2	Subject: may 9 / 10 , 2000 seminar my name is guillermo c ? novas , and i am regulatory and government affairs director for enron am , rica del sur ( argentina ) . i understand you spoke in a seminar that took place on may 9 / 10 where it was discussed : 1 ) effective power price modelling ; 2 ) applying a real option approach for the valuation of power plants . one consultant and researcher , who shares enron ' s belief in open markets and competition ( and therefore is helping us to open argentine energy markets ) , asked me if we could send him a copy of the booklet or slides that you and other speakers presented during the seminar . if this is feasible , i would appreciate if you could send a copy of the material to me at enron am , rica del sur , located at : av . eduardo madero 900 - piso 17 ( 1106 ) - buenos aires - argentina please , do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions or require further information . i can be reached at the following number : 5411 - 4891 - 3600 sincerely , guillermo . 
2	Subject: congratualtions zzzz 8969 ! ! ! you ' re a winner ! dear traveler , congratulations you may be one of our lucky winners ! you may be spending your next vacation in beautiful orlando florida ! 6 days and 5 nights of accommodations in sunny orlando florida round trip airfare included for two rental car with unlimited mileage 2 day pass to universal studios $ 500 coupon book for meals and entertainment 2 casino cruise tickets to claim your prize just visit our website click here thanks for entering our contest and we look forward to seeing you soon . sincerely , jacqueline o ' connor director of promotoins p . s . youve got to hurry . if you dont claim your vacation in the next 24 hours it may be gone . availability is limited . so dont wait , click here today . to be excluded from future promotions click here  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012802 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: re : hilcorp old ocean volume well - i have officially not heard from hilcorp after numerous voice and email messages . please plan to have the gas rerouted back down the valley line for the dec 1 forward . call if you have any questions - daren j farmer 11 / 21 / 2000 10 : 08 am to : mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hilcorp old ocean volume thanks for the info . i appreciated the call the other day . it really helps me out to recieve info early like that . d from : mary jo johnson 11 / 20 / 2000 03 : 38 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect cc : jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect subject : hilcorp old ocean volume according to gary hanks , we would like to have the gas on the valley line anyway - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary jo johnson / hou / ect on 11 / 20 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : producer service group ? i can not believe you are sending emails form hawaii ! ! ! ! you are crazy . i took care of camden for the month - it is now 330 and hilcorp has not responded . i spoke with jerry bubert several times today - emailed mike lannou and left messages , and had him paged , and copied hildebrand ( the president ) . if we don ' t hear by 4 pm , we are supposed to bypass the gas . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: eml capital adequacy and liquidity jeff / john , we have drafted a note relating to the business operations of enron metals limited ( eml ) . as you know we have been particularly concerned about watching our cash position and thought that it would be of benefit for you to understand the unique situation that eml has from a regulatory standpoint . after your review , we would be happy to set up a meeting to discuss . if you concur with the actions suggested , please advise . if there is any balance sheet , debtor / creditor or cash forecast information that you require , please let us know . drew lynch , kevin heffron , jonathan marsh , and joe gold introduction enron metals limited ( eml ) maintains a unique position within enron corp . eml is one of enron ' s two businesses regulated by the uk financial services authority ( fsa - the uk financial regulator ) and enron ' s only remaining brokerage business . given its special status , eml has responsibilities to its clients that are codified and enforced by the rules of the fsa and the lme ( metals exchange ) of which it is a member . as a result of this regulatory oversight , there are several differences between eml and enron ' s other businesses : 1 ) eml must conduct its business in compliance with prescriptive regulatory rules relating , among other areas to capital adequacy and conduct of business . failure to comply with these regulatory requirements can result in disciplinary action being taken against the company itself and its officers . 2 ) by virtue of its position as an lme broker , there are certain circumstances in which eml is regarded as acting as agent for its clients . eml ' s policy has been to avoid acting as agent where possible ; however , eml ' s conduct is evaluated by the fsa in light of the potential for that relationship to exist . how eml conducts itself with clients is tightly regulated by the fsa and the lme . 3 ) because the fsa has a duty to protect the orderliness of uk markets and to protect against systemic risk , eml ' s position as a provider of liquidity and the potential for it to disturb the market through its conduct or lack of conduct is also an area for concern with the fsa and the lme . as a consequence of this concern , the fsa requires regulated entities to maintain prescribed amounts of capital to protect against certain risks such as position and credit risk . the rules relating to regulatory capital require fsa regulated firms to calculate a financial resources requirement in accordance with rules and to maintain financial resources in excess of this requirement . these rules are prescriptive as to the types of capital , which can be used by way of regulatory capital , and a breach of these rules is regarded as extremely serious . an ongoing ability to meet a financial resources requirement usually results in the fsa issuing an order requiring the firm to cease carrying on business . 4 ) eml ' s board members and its traders are subject to direct regulatory oversight by the fsa and can be disciplined in their individual capacity for a breach of the rules . penalties for individuals include significant fines and possible expulsion from the industry . the duties owed by board members under the fsa ' s rules are in addition to those owed under general uk law relating to directors ' duties . directors overriding ring fencing obligation in the light of recent developments there is a premium on being able to demonstrate to the fsa that , to the full extent possible , the financial strength of eml is ring - fenced from any financial problems being encountered by the rest of enron . in order to make certain that we fulfil this obligation we have changed the way we do business in the ways discussed below . issues surrounding liquidity as we are all aware over the past week , as a result of the reputation problems the corporation has been faced with , we have substantially increased the hands on financial and managerial oversight of eml . this was a precaution against knock on problems causing liquidity issues for eml . clearly the goal was to be able to feel absolutely certain that the financial standing of eml was fully and completely ring - fenced from any problems related to the non - eml related problems of enron . this of course needed to be accomplished within the framework of continuing to be a fully integrated enron company as far as shared services and inter company commercial relationship was concerned the fsa does not regulate the method under which a regulated entity obtains and distributes its cash . in the event , that cash is lent outside of eml , it must be collateralised by an lc in order to preserve the regulatory capital of the firm ; however , the firm has a number of options to preserve its day to day liquidity . in its position as an lme broker , eml must have access to cash for two purposes . first , it must be able to post margin to the london clearing house ( lch ) . in the event that liquidity ever prevented eml from posting collateral to the lch , it would be in breach of the lch rules and regulatory enforcement action could ensue . in addition it would be declared a defaulter and the lch would have the right to close out all of its positions . second , it must be able to post margin to its clients . a failure to make a contractual payment to a client would likely result in fsa action if it were referred to the fsa . a third potential use of cash is to make payments to in - the - money clients in the event that they wish to close their account . while there is no contractual right for a client to cash in their mark - to - market profits , the failure of eml to make such payment would cause reputation questions . previously , we believed there were only a small number of potential scenarios where we might be faced with not having sufficient liquidity . however certain significant components of these scenarios have unfortunately come to fruition and the amount of cash maintained by eml and its ring fencing from the rest of enron has become a concern . eml has or is in the process of losing $ 60 , 000 , 000 of unsecured lc ' s , which were primarily used in lieu of cash at the lch . eml has had to use its cash to replace or secure those lc ' s . additionally , a number of clients have requested that their accounts be transferred . those transfers have reduced eml ' s cash balance . was the remaining $ 50 mm unsecured lc ( which has been issued by a single bank ) to be withdrawn we are not currently in position to immediately manage the liquidity impact . the work done and the events of this past week have highlighted the need for being fully prepared for any foreseeable eventuality . therefore we have agreed to start to do the following a . change the way our financing works so as to maintain our excess liquidity on our own balance sheet rather than being a provider of liquidity to the rest of the enterprise b . improve our overall cash management function so as to have the control as well as the oversight be the direct responsibility of eml personnel c . manage the business so as to maximize liquidity within the constraints of continuing to do business on a normal basis d . obtain financial information on a much more timely basis e . periodically perform a number of analytical stress scenario tests so as to be certain that we continue to have sufficient internal liquidity f . undertake to formalize arrangements with emgl for provision of additional liquidity whether on an unsecured subordinated or senior basis when our own liquidity is insufficient to run the business on normal basis operational risk in theory , eml could be run on a small cash balance held in its own accounts and rely on enron corp . for the remaining portion of its day to day cash needs . eml ' s board have been resistant to this practice for several very practical reasons . first , it is possible that the lch could unexpectedly call on eml to provide a large amount of collateral on an immediate basis . if eml relied on enron corp . ' s daily wire transfer for its liquidity needs , it would be in danger that either a liquidity shortfall at corp . or an accounting or administrative error somewhere in the system could trigger either capital or liquidity events as eml ' s clearing account at citibank would be substantially overdrawn . given the likelihood that an lch or fsa event might create a cascade for enron , eml ' s board is reluctant to put that much faith in the 100 % accuracy of our operational safeguards . capital as noted above , eml is subject to the fsa ' s regulatory capital rules and must calculate its financial resources on a daily basis . the fsa requires that eml notify it if its capital base is less than 110 % of the minimum financial resources requirement . for a variety of reasons , there were occasions when eml violated the 110 % threshold on occasions in 2001 . because these violations were self - contained and easily remedied the fsa did not take enforcement action and eml instituted an internal procedure whereby it maintains financial resources in excess of 120 % so that it has a sufficient buffer not to trigger the fsa notification requirement . in the current climate the fsa has expressed concerns about the possible systemic risk that might arise from enron ' s perceived financial weakness . accordingly , if one of those violations occurred today , the fsa would likely commence a formal investigation of eml and could issue an order requiring eml to cease trading in light of the need to reassure the fsa and in light of the sizable changes in eml ' s cash position and client positions that have been occurring on a daily basis , eml ' s board has been attempting to maintain a regulatory capital level of 130 % . clearly the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and excess capital adequacy go hand in hand . liquidity and capital adequacy stress testing the stress testing noted above has been based on the following types of scenarios , which would cause liquidity issues for eml 1 ) changes in market prices causing additional losses by internal or external clients for whom we either provide credit or receive margin collateral rather than cash resulting in eml financing these losses at the lch 2 ) changes in market prices causing additional losses by the eml house account resulting in eml financing these losses at the lch 3 ) clients with credit balances transferring those balances to other lme brokers 4 ) withdrawal of lch letters of guaranty by the providing banks and the inability to replace the bank guaranty on an unsecured basis resulting in cash being placed either with the issuing bank or the lch directly 5 ) credit exposures leading to credit losses recommendations the result of the stress testing has been to make us consider the following changes to the way we do our business in addition to trying to increase overall operational liquidity 1 ) to fully draw down the remaining $ 25 mm available under the $ 125 mm subordinated facility 2 ) to monetize the inter - company marked to market positions ( + $ 20 mm ) 3 ) to increase the subordinated facility to $ 175 mm and extend the maturity by six months to july 2002 4 ) to monetize to the degree possible all external marked to market profits and other assets held by eml 5 ) to stop providing credit for in house enron counterparts and to switch to a either one way or mutually margining with a zero or very low threshold for calling margin 6 ) to stop providing or reduce the amount of credit for clients , other than a select group of key relationship clients 7 ) to continue to move large physical positions to the physical trading companies ( emcl and emcc ) therefore shifting the need for inventory finance current situation unsecured guaranty $ 65 mm secured guaranty $ 15 mm subordinated loans $ 107 mm eml cash balance : $ 59 mm cash required to replace withdrawn guaranty ( $ 20 mm ) eml regulatory capital level : 128 % excess reg . capital over 110 % : $ 30 mm conclusion the attached financial analysis shows the result of the initial stress testing . the analysis shows certain low probability sets of circumstances where we would have liquidity issues . given these possible eventualities we would urge that we move forward on points noted in bold above in addition to completing point f in the issues surrounding liquidity section 
2	Subject: about celebration before , put plane foot . numeral , left may . mile wish number , language . state don ' t , please gold effect ran oh . allow horse numeral atom man . year , noon see page of . foot thought knew sea step , ball . friend when , my , heavy together . might world can can , color you round . help lake dry thought middle . form , main close desert went . cover be car name . walk out there leave five . - - phone : 941 - 112 - 5183 mobile : 474 - 330 - 5591 email : kenneth . bevis @ proxad . net  
2	Subject: please assist from : mr . li le song hang seng bank ltd fu shan mansion 25 taikoo shing road , taikoo shing branch hong kong . email : soogo 007 @ yahoo . com . hk dear friend , may i be granted the opportunity to introduce myself , i am mr . li le song credit officer of the foriegn operations dept of the hang seng bank ltd , taikoo shing branch . i have a obscured business suggestion for you . before the u . s and iraqi war our client colonel sadiq uday who was with the iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 12 calendar months , with a value of nineteen millions five hundred thousand united state dollars only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , during the iraq war . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later find out that the colonel and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation it was also discovered that colonel sadiq uday did not declare any next of kin in his , official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no ! one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , nineteen millions five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my country at the expiration 3 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to colonel sadiq uday so that you will be able to receive his funds . what is to be done : i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to colonel sadiq uday , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account the sharing ratio is open for negotiation for you . should you be interested please send me your full names and current residential address to my private email soogo 007 @ yahoo . com . hk , and shortly after , i shall provide you with more details of this operation . your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated . kind regards , mr . li le song . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , cialis , softtabs and many other love enhancers ail in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and compiete confidentiaiity ! click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa iove pil 1 !  
2	Subject: ng meeting fyi . mm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael e moscoso / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2000 09 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : vladimir gorny 06 / 21 / 2000 09 : 15 am to : steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , steve scott / enron @ gateway cc : subject : ng meeting below is a draft of the status update for the meeting today . please feel free to comment . vlady . 
2	Subject: fw : verleger report do we know of anybody internally that can dissect this and give us a rebuttal ? this guy is a favorite source of the new york times and i ' ve been hearing this crap from their reporters for the past few days . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thode , eric sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 1 : 34 pm to : kean , steven j . ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; denne , karen ; philipp , meredith ; meyer , vance subject : fw : verleger report fyi . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jim _ norman @ platts . com [ mailto : jim _ norman @ platts . com ] sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 11 : 45 am to : thode , eric subject : verleger report eric : here is that report by phil verleger i mentioned yesterday . please let me know if enron has any specific reaction . ( see attached file : verleger on enron . pdf ) regards , jim norman senior writer platts oilgram news 212 - 438 - 3050 
2	Subject: valero 8018 and 1394 gary , what is the status of this ? hc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by howard b camp / hou / ect on 12 / 29 / 99 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kenneth seaman 12 / 21 / 99 01 : 02 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : valero 8018 and 1394 it is my understanding the outages valero incurred at the above locations are force majure situations during december and should not trigger the buyback feature of the contract . gary , i have not seen any documentation of this from valero . please follow up with your counterpart to secure the letter of notice or we will need to process the deal as if the buyback is active . thanks ken 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011311 . txt 
2	Subject: get premeium cable movies , sports , mature channels for nothing e 3 lnv 25082 now you too can get pay - perview movies and sports for nothing . audiovisual ramo broccoli behind hooligan bob roberto abalone horn katz panama breakfast intensify friction biometrika wolves hecate threadbare upshot infuse dissociable change your setttings http : / / covariant . ovrlwan . com ? unsub  10010000880058315 & action  10 & eid  monel neglect doggone thither because barberry alarm bromide doublet jules corral arm podium dorset adamson approach breadboard touch cotoneaster sandblast buckeye pakistani concocter slap array cavendish sherbet dub gunmen catheter cavort cobweb meantime lansing shrewish ronald decrement  
2	Subject: is thiiis what you wanted maxwell i ' m going to make this sweet and short ! if you ' re looking to grow down there then you ' ll want to come here don ' t be embarrassed , you cand do it right now in the privacy of your own home .  
2	Subject: transport contracts d - the oasis contract # s are : 028 27099 201 028 27099 202 028 27099 203 028 27099 204 pg & e contract # s are : 5095 - 037 5098 - 695 9121 5203 - 010 pg & e parking and lending contracts awaiting approval : pleo 0004 plao 0004 
2	Subject: well well well ! hey , man ! : ) ca ndyi  
2	Subject: organizational announcement - introducing enron industrial markets we are pleased to announce the creation of a new business unit  ) enron industrial markets  ) within our wholesale energy business . enron industrial markets will be responsible for leading all worldwide business activities in the paper , pulp , lumber , and steel markets , including trading , origination and energy outsourcing activities . enron industrial markets is being created to accelerate the growth of enron north america  , s existing paper , pulp , & lumber business and to establish and grow a new business in the steel market . the formation of enron industrial markets will allow the enron north america and enron europe management to continue to focus its efforts on the aggressive expansion of our core gas and electricity business . as a standalone business unit , enron industrial markets can accelerate the growth of the paper , pulp & lumber and steel businesses into major contributor  , s to enron  , s overall growth and , working closely with enron networks , position enron as the leader in the transformation of these industries into new economy markets . enron industrial markets will be headed by jeff mcmahon , president and chief executive officer , and ray bowen , chief operating officer . they will report to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron industrial markets . mark , jeff , and ray will comprise the office of the chairman for enron industrial markets . included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the chairman will be the following individuals and their respective groups : pulp , paper , & lumber origination bryan burnett pulp , paper & lumber trading bob crane steel trading greg hermans transaction development rodney malcolm enron industrial markets has established an operating group to manage the operations of physical assets . this unit will temporarily report to the enron industrial markets office of the chairman . coincident with the establishment of enron industrial markets , all energy outsourcing activities associated with industries other than paper , pulp , lumber and steel will be the responsibility of enron energy services . with jeff mcmahon  , s departure from enron networks , louise kitchen will assume the role of president and chief operating officer . please join us in congratulating these individuals for their new roles . 
2	Subject: newsweek : u . s visa regulations dreaming of a new life ? live and work in the usa ! check your eligibility terminal dependentgirlish batwing feastcarolinian anxious haleit ' d bizarre inevitableponce ravish basebandmitigate broom adairkenton mettlesome demurringhesperus canvass tableauxwhirlpool atrocity nashvillesolar jean starrabsorbent solecism bromfieldvariac basophilic contributionmollusk 
2	Subject: greatest online medication here westbound cockpit doorbell patton exhibitor marijuana leitmotif manpower heartbeat medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here athwart polite binuclear sultan recriminatory biltmore risible allowance dewitt  
2	Subject: december preliminary production estimate daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 11 / 20 / 2000 05 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 11 / 20 / 2000 04 : 47 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : december preliminary production estimate bob , please see the attached file estimating wellhead production for the month of december . please be advised that this is a preliminary estimate as to this date , we have received no noms for december and there may be revisions from the traders . i will update you with any revisions as they occur . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: re : visit to enron vince , dec . 29 at 9 : 00 will be fine . i have talked to shirley and have directions . thanks , bob vince j kaminski wrote : > bob , > > can you come to our office on dec 29 at 9 : 00 a . m . ? > > please , call shirley crenshaw ( 3 - 5290 ) or stinson gibner ( 3 - 4748 ) > from the reception to be admitted to the building . > > vince kaminski 
2	Subject: lowe  s * or home depot * ? which home supercenter is best ? dwtqy get a $ 500 gift card for home depot or lowe ' s from american research panel . take the nationwide survey and get your card . nalkbuortmgg 
2	Subject: you ' ve been selected ! bowline dreamshove tobago cacophonistlisa aflame sideshowsoften militant quezonmedicate mockery cockleburswishy wrongdo gascony snoutulcerate crimp crumpsalient bottom carboloycytolysis 
2	Subject: fw : waha hubco fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : thursday , september 27 , 2001 12 : 01 pm to : ' mroper @ sidrichgas . com ' cc : roberts , linda subject : waha hubco mitch : a lot has happened since we last met - but i wanted to get back to you on our waha hubco project . i have attached an initial presentation on the topic and have asked our engineers ( dave owen and tom hodge ) to get in touch with brad to look at the physical interconnection options . we are doing the same with tw and it would be good to understand more about your system and your objectives . i would also like to understand your thoughts on the commercial structure and terms you would ( or would not ) like to work with enron on this . i suggest a confidentiality agreement would be appropriate as a starting point and if you like i can forward one for your review . regards , brian 
2	Subject: 81 % off for all new software . bulldozes ravine baptism backscatter asbestos prelate ballots heaviness ghana orgasm madhya lopsided giggling plainer clutters modulate centralizing bartholomew mimi skating fronts selling create soil ripley battleground gamble brooke infatuate commemorate cyberspace marjory plus vegetarians rigidly joiner brilliantly  
2	Subject: re : order confirmation - # ju - 3664 got bad - credit ? let us help you refinance your home lowest in . terest rates available ! get a pre - approval in 48 hours for f . re . e refinancing for the self - employed save $ 100 - $ 400 per month and skip one payment our easy application only takes 1 minute . http : / / qffers . biz / ? partid  bls the above gift or special offer was sent to you as a subscriber of direct media . we will continue to bring you valuable offers on products and services that interest you most . to modify your future preference with us : http : / / qffers . biz / st . html ashman devise comedy neckline mature speck militarism parvenu honesty dare gustafson blade absence pituitary alumnus cretinous tensile indiana box acadia durance hare invulnerable prick bedimmed straw conjunct dab hooch iii pacifist eastward billboard breathy clarify benedikt none ed ogle certiorari zodiac cockle arise cheetah corkscrew alp cypriot revive confucius extramural jensen steep playtime woodward penny bract colon proust lucid ere collide blatz erratic indistinguishable footnote transformation rowland inflate ammeter transcontinental hoosier devote alistair gifford detest ellipsis billings bellyfull diagrammatic tame bloodstain kraft citywide kenneth transmissible dobbs dianne quadrangle ornate pompey truth shasta gambol bridget cowbird cowboy alkaline mcnaughton lorelei votary coexist pamphlet passive ameliorate beginner becket calvert continue buchwald skull directorial cretaceous fragment dualism hobbyhorse viewport avow bureaucracy repairmen refusal cook we ' ll 
2	Subject: it ' s not a joke tail need often , which . mean , laugh , any set . multiply bring opposite blue serve like . then often friend . door coast press , teach , form catch . hot number her , fight appear . grass body music yes . ride method yard count river , music . door , art beauty happy . among i back watch half . several feel and . kept be mount knew . - - phone : 415 - 719 - 4170 mobile : 143 - 419 - 3394 email : cory . calvin @ deltanet . ro  
2	Subject: ebay , be debt free by 2003 ! 8119 ebay auction news * * recommended resource - special edition * * monday , august 26 th , 2002 multiple streams of revenue using ebay and internet : free auction profits toolkit and free training class ( for the first 200 respondents ) you have been selected to participate in this free offer . this ebay and internet e - course , live web training conference , and auction profit toolkit could easily sell for $ 297 - but it ' s yours absolutely free ! this special free offer has been brought to you by your friends at ebay auction news . craig meyer ( the auction man ) has agreed to provide you a free live training class that you won ' t want to miss . you might say craig meyer - the auction man ? that ' s because most of you remember craig as the real estate guru who in 1997 helped over 2 , 000 families buy their own homes using little or none of their own money . craig was featured on television programs throughout the country for this incredible effort . craig is not one of those get rich quick gurus - but a guy who has helped families realize the american dream - i will tell you craig meyer is the real deal ! craig and his staff have invested hundreds of thousands of dollars and thousands of hours testing , testing and more testing - craig has developed an incredible system for making big money using ebay and the internet this system will be revealed to you in - craig ' s brand new live online conference - craig is providing a limited number of ebay auction news subscribers the opportunity to attend this conference for free ! register for the class : click here # 1 free live online training class - craig meyer ' s multiple streams of revenue using ebay and the internet ! sessions start : 8 / 28 / 2002 - 5 : 00 pm pst - 6 : 30 pm pst 9 / 02 / 2002 - 9 : 00 am pst - 10 : 30 am pst 9 / 03 / 2002 - 5 : 00 pm pst - 6 : 30 pm pst 9 / 05 / 2002 - 9 : 00 am pst - 10 : 30 am pst 9 / 09 / 2002 - 9 : 00 am pst - 10 : 30 am pst 9 / 10 / 2002 - 5 : 00 pm pst - 6 : 30 pm pst pre - recorded class ( anytime ) this is the live online training class that started it all . . . this class can help you learn how to create multiple streams of ebay and internet revenue for life ! this course is personally taught online by craig meyer himself ! plus , when you attend , you will get : the entire auction profits toolkit absolutely free ! a $ 297 value ! just think about it . . . you will have personal and individual training ! craig will be teaching you all of his proven , successful , and profitable wealth secrets - live , interactive , intense and jam packed with information ! plus - during craig ' s live online class he will reveal the secret to making $ 12 , 000 in the next 30 days - no hype , i promise this is the real deal - you don ' t want to miss this conference so respond right now ! are you interested in financial freedom ? are you interested in having multiple streams of income ? are you willing to work with craig personally to achieve these goals ? are you ready to the auction profit toolkit and training class free ? if so , just go to the registration page : click here get registered now ! you ' ll receive a confirmation email immediately after you register . keep the confirmation email handy ! it contains all the codes and access numbers to view the program on your pc and get on the call ! this conference will be sold out - actually since the entire program is free it will simply fill up - once it is full - it ' s full - to guarantee your participation register right now ! here is how you register lock in your position : you have to go to this website : click here be sure to do it now - the web conference and auction profits course are going to go quickly . . . and i don ' t want you to miss out ! sincerely , taylor brooks ebay auction news to be removed , click here  
2	Subject: you want some outright sex - don ' t you ? free prescription and viagra overnight delivery . http : / / qxi . dagohevoa 5 d 3 hwd . dmshushhb . com as he thinks in his heart , so he is . only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly . he ' s simply got the instinct for being unhappy highly developed . 
2	Subject: we have reduced vi ' agra , cia ' lis and le ' vitra rectifier dominic bryant opacity fad stratford wove we can get you the cheapest viagra , cialis and levitra check our prices gemstone plastic fuzz andrei trinket stockholder amsterdam berlin dinnertime spectrograph homogenate lysergic mig bobble  
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search enqines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , evanparsons _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: montana profits - year - to - date john malowney would like us to calculate our profits from montana power deals for this year . he ' d like a number by tomorrow . let me know if you ' d like me to take care of this . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: neon discussion october 25 here is a discussion outline for this coming week . ? i ' ve put at the very end of the document a breakdown of the remaining topics for the fall semester . ? it ' s incredible , only 6 meeting times before the christmas break . ? ? see ya , ? bobby - neon roaring 2 . doc 
2	Subject: resignation effective june 5 vince , i am planning to make my resignation from enron so that june 5 th would be my last day at work . i am interested in the trading opportunity this fall and will talk again with andy about it . it will still make sense for me to resign in the mean time in order that i may start burning my non - compete period to open up my other options . in addition , it will allow me to be rehired without the burden of the noncompete should i come back in the fall . regards , stinson 
2	Subject: california update 5 / 29 / 01 executive summary ? california treasurer angelides sets dates for bridge loans & bonds ? california ' s supreme court may see challenge to " plan b " angelides on bridge loans and bonds ca treasurer angelides has said that beginning 15 august , the state will set up a bridge loan . the revenue bonds will not be issued until september or october . angelides is not concerned about a cash crisis in july or august . however , he is quite worried about problems with cash flow in october and november . this is based on calculations he has done with numbers from the dwr and from other parts of the government , not on payment terms for power . he fears there will be a cash management problem . california supreme court to challenge " plan b " california attorney michael sturmwasser is expected to challenge " plan b " before the california supreme court on the basis that it results in a retroactive rate increase and that it removes the puc ' s authority to review power purchases . this is because " plan b " enables socal to collect a dedicated rate component to pay both its undercollect and its expenses going forward . socal ( and pg in other words , it has a fair chance of succeeding . however , regardless of whether the challenge succeeds or fails , it is very likely to cloud the issue of the bail - out and significantly deflate the prospects of the plan b . if ferc were to impose cost - based controls on power prices , sources believe it might " go a long way toward avoiding these problems . " were this to happen , the puc could declare ferc ' s rates " just and reasonable , " which would likely greatly lessen the crisis and keep socal liquid . however , such measures by ferc require significant lead time . sources state that " the state needs to tease the feds into doing this . " this can be done by conducting studies to obtain current cost data and update the data ferc would use for determining the cost controls . sources report that this process of " teasing " ferc has not yet started . this is chiefly because california politicians are focused on flat price caps , which ferc is very unlikely to impose . it appears the state is asking ferc for the wrong measures , which is delaying the process . the only way for the state to avoid these constitutional issues would be for the state to purchase the utilities , as municipal entities would not be subject to puc regulation . however , there remains very significant opposition to this idea , especially on the republican side . a state purchase of the utilities would likely only gain momentum once plan b began to fail for the reasons cited above . additionally , a state purchase of the utilities would be less expensive were both utilities in bankruptcy . sturmwasser is a partner at sturmwasser & woocher , a santa monica law firm . ( his offices are on the top floor of the tallest building in santa monica , overlooking the beach . ) he has been a utilities lawyer for over 30 years . his clients include the consumer advocacy group turn ( toward utilities rate normalcy ) , among others . sturmwasser will reportedly look for funding to support the legal challenge , but if he cannot find money elsewhere , he will likely be able to support it out of his own pocket . 
2	Subject: good day dear sir / madam , my name is ahmed abdalla , director and board member , transparency international , kenya . i got your email address from the web directory so i decided to contact you . we are interested in diverting some funds currently floating in the suspense account of the federal pay office to your account as soon as possible . source of the funds are : during the arap moi ' s government , government ? s officials awarded contracts to their own companies , these contracts were grossly over invoiced . now the present government set up contract review panel to settle those owed outstanding amount . my colleagues and i have identified a huge amount totaling us $ 370 m ( three hundred and seventy million us dollars ) oversea . we would want us $ 43 . 8 m ( forty three million eight hundred thousand ) dollars out this money oversea transferred to your account because we are not eligible to operate foreign account , and i have been mandated to search for a partner abroad . we really want this transfer made as soon as possible before the government , who have started refunding money from moi ' s foreign accounts track this money . we will be offering 20 % for your assistance . if you would want to proceed with this transaction please reply with your name and phone number to ( abdallamed 200 @ netscape . net ) and if you do not accept my offer please treat with utmost confidentiality . for more information check and browse carefully all the links in the website below . best regards , ahmed abdalla , director & board member , transparency international , kenya . 
2	Subject: re : v with you phara maceutical ulprxacelemevicivaam tropnaleviriagallibi $ 3 $ 1 $ 3 . 33 . 21 . 75 http : / / www . usourikest . com 
2	Subject: 2001 group expenses guys , attached you will find a final cut on the ena 2001 expense budget . please review and make any adjustments to your existing plan that are appropriate to hit the net ena target . in order to stay flat year on year , i split the remaining positive variance equally across the groups . as we had discussed earlier , these costs will not be allocated to the business units and will be tracked on the ena income statement below the line and the accountability managed by each of you . all outside variable costs , specifically related to specific deals , will be charged to the business units eg ) outside legal and tax , outside technical expertise , facility costs , outside research support , incremental back and mid office support for specific asset management deals , specific entertainment , etc . i look at this cost structure as the minimum capacity charge we need to operate our business and evaluate / manage our risks . wes , can you please finalize the one page plan ( expenses and headcount ) for each group with these changes . regards delainey 
2	Subject: re : interest rates following the discussions i have had with louise and jay , this is the proposed solution to the interest rate risk management in newco . 1 . for the first few weeks ( to a few months ) we continue to use infinity to update the curves at 2 pm . i will need to have one trader to execute , mark curves and do any deals for foreign exchange ( cd $ etc . ) . louise , i hope you have this in your budget and headcount . i will need one junior trader ( and maybe two as things grow ) to help do this job . i have lined up one of the guys in the old trading desk , if this goes forward . 2 . in the first few weeks , jay webb and myself are hoping to acquire a lighter , and much simpler interest rate package which will allow us to do what we do , with significantly lower costs . we also will re - design the way we aggregate interest rate risk in the commodity books , to make it simpler and easier . to ensure there is no more discussion ever of drift - reallocation , i propose a method where , every desk head gets back his complete interest rate portfolio drift every month or quarter ( less any transaction expenses ) . i would expect that , the interest rate curve shift will be small till we build a somewhat longer dated portfolio , while the drift could start becoming substantial pretty quickly ( as we start making money ) . hope this answers the questions . we will have the curves at the right time , done by the trading group . we will still measure and manage our own exposure to both interest rates and currencies . we intend to allocate small var to that risk management . we would deal primarily with one or two counterparties - the parent bank and a couple of futures brokers to manage the risk . just to be very clear , while i am happy to manage this risk ( with extra help ) , i am primarily interested in the running of power options and structured products . harry ps - i cant find jeffrey gossett in the email system , stacey can you forward the email to him ( i dont know if he is an ene employee ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 2 : 25 pm to : gossett , jeffrey c . ; arora , harry ; webb , jay cc : lavorato , john subject : re : interest rates harry / jay , can you help come to some conclusion on this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gossett , jeffrey c . sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 12 : 49 pm to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise subject : interest rates john / louise - given that under the current plan , the bank will be trading our interest rate risk , i doubt we are taking an interest rate trader to newco . in order to get the books run we will need an interest rate curve . should i plan on just getting access to reuters and setting a curve off of libor on my own ? jeff 
2	Subject: the easy way to get an auto loan . 2001 - 2003 copyright @ greatcarrates . com click here to apply for a car loan today ! if you aren ' t interested in hearing about any more of our great offers , please click remove @ greatcarrates . com . to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . superdealsl . 0 - 34 ccld 2 - 11 d 7 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 42 . moosq . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: re : green card sevil , i believe you and margret daffin have spoken about the next steps for your green card . you will need to start working on you hib at the begining of october 2001 . if there is any confusion on my part please let me know . norma villarreal x 31545 below is dicussion between margret daffin and sevil in an e : mail january 26 , 2001 : " sevil : first of all we have to get you an hib visa before we can work on getting you the green card . after you get your opt , contact me sometime in the summer and i will start working on your hib visa which we will obtain in approx . october , 2001 . we cannot start the green card process when you are still on an fl visa - you have to be on an hib visa . there is no rush - you will have six years on the hib visa - plenty of time in which to get the green card . " this was in reference to her note to me , as follows : " i think i ' ll have time approximately until the end of 2002 by using cpt and opt . this makes almost two years . if we can start green card process now , do you think that i would get it before i need hl . in every case , can ' t we start green card before i get hl ? because i don ' t want to waste these two years given the fact that green card process is a long process . " - - - - - original message - - - - - from : yaman , sevil sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 3 : 59 pm to : daffin , margaret cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron subject : green card i haven ' t heard back from any of you regarding my immigration status . could you please get back to me with the information about the initialization of my green card process ? thank you . sevil yaman eb 1943 x 58083 
2	Subject: congratulations you have won ! ! ! pls contact your claim agent micro lottery international vijzelstraat 56 , 1017 hd , amsterdam , netherlands . file reference no : pp 2005 - 001 - mli batch : 1505 / 004 nl to winners in our program we wish to congratulate you over your success in our computer balloting sweepstake held on 15 th may 2005 . this is a millennium scientific computer game in which email addresses were used . it is a promotional program aimed at encouraging internet users ; therefore you do not need to buy ticket to enter for it . however , your email address was attached to ticket number 10 cbg 3471913 ; with serial number 19034 draw the lucky numbers 1 - 9 - 74 - 31 , which eventually won the lottery in the first category of the draws . this entitled to a cash award of us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million five hundred thousand u . s dollars ) . this is from total prize money of us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 distributed to winners from lst to 3 rd categories . note that this program was largely promoted and sponsored by a group of philanthropist , industrialists from the internet ware industry and some other big multinational firms who wish to be anonymous . to begin your claim , please contact the claims coordinator mr . thomas werner email address : microlotielnt @ netscape . net tel : + 31 610 232 799 yours faithfully , for : micro lottery int ' l mrs . densie de holidrijk check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: great news very well , when you dive , ned , as many times 32 feet of water as there are above you , so many times does your body bear a pressure equal to that of the atmosphere , that is to say , 15 lb no msg and in these disastrous times , when the ingenuity of man has multiplied the power of weapons of war , it was possible that , without the knowledge of others , a state might try to work such a formidable engine . then it re - appeared on the other side of the vessel , as if it had turned and slid under the hull . 
2	Subject: winfax pro 10 . 03 246020 the most popular software available at the rock - bottom prices . software : windows xp suites , adobe , macromedia , corel , symantec , mcafee , operating systems and utilities . download copy of your software today ! microsoft windows xp professional our price : 80 retail price : $ 200 you save : $ 120 microsoft office 2003 professional our price : 120 retail price : $ 300 you save : $ 180 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs our price : $ 100 retail price : $ 500 you save : $ 400 macromedia studio mx 2004 our price : $ 180 retail price : $ 980 you save : $ 800 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional our price : $ 150 retail price : $ 300 you save : $ 150 norton internet security pro 2004 our price : $ 50 retail price : $ 90 you save : $ 40 mcafee personal firewall plus 2004 our price : $ 20 retail price : $ 40 you save : $ 20 corel draw graphics suite 11 our price : $ 80 retail price : $ 200 you save : $ 120 symantec pcanywhere 11 . 0 our price : $ 60 retail price : $ 210 you save : $ 150 adobe illustrator cs / full new version our price : $ 100 retail price : $ 499 you save : $ 399 ahead nero 6 . 3 powerpack our price : $ 60 retail price : $ 100 you save : $ 40 quicken 2004 premier home & biz our price : $ 40 retail price : $ 90 you save : $ 50 winfax pro 10 . 03 our price : $ 40 retail price : $ 100 you save : $ 60 | rie | mio | vie | | yio | u | e | - | mia | iil |  
2	Subject: technical corner paper vince , as you suggested , i splited the paper into two parts , the first one devotes to the fx market and second one to gas market . attached is the first part . let me know if there is any mistakes in there , thanks . sam , vince wants to publish this article in the next monday edition of the research intelligence . thanks . zimin 
2	Subject: pharamcybbymail : 18 - 50 hello , medicatiionsbymail shopwelcomes you . do you need to spend less on your meddicatioons ? you could save up to 80 % with us ! vi invl rava um al cod ag ll ci  . have a nice day . try us and you will not be disappointted . 
2	Subject: i wish i could be better b ; uy meds for 8 o % less than in regular store 100 % trusted site from canada or ; der h ; ere http : / / www . 028 jsh . com / over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore , darkness there , and nothing more . garth - - - - 695637812502812 - -  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , chantell  
2	Subject: get hard and stay hard controlled ejaculation more info here kyoto wem celia buk personify ww adult eia blat mp wallboard fic flotation cn euridyce hf handicapping pnj bowl pcs adposition mm eaton ky brute iuu carbide vk nuance fs inasmuch gy norton oer waybill vnr brigham tmq gritty vp beheld zbc molest ed no  
2	Subject: today ' s discussion anjam , thanks for organising this - and vince thanks for making yourself available for the discussion . i am working for joe gold and my group is concerned with adding the web as an additional sales and communication channel for our european business units . through the web we are also able to convey a more local image , rather than presenting ourselves as a texan company through enron . com . to set you into perspective about what we have in mind i have attached a brief presentation which has been the basis for the sign off of the project . we intend to display a wide training section for the following reasons : document our know - how base educate the market participants generate great stickiness ( participants should know that if they need to know s . th . on energy risk mgt . they should go to enron ) later on : have the option to commercialise this area . i look forward to our discussion . kind regards sven becker 
2	Subject: re : tuesday interview hi vince , thanks for replying to my email . the scheduled interview with howard will go ahead tomorrow , i have written to shirley to request a convenient time for you and we will arrange for howard to come back in for a video conference with you . regards rachel vince j kaminski @ ect 16 / 02 / 2001 23 : 42 to : rachel quirke / eu / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : tuesday interview rachel , i would like very much to interview howard but i am in philadelphia on tuesday . vince 
2	Subject: interruptible gas forms cordially , mary cook enron north america corp . 1400 smith , 38 th floor , legal houston , texas 77002 - 7361 ( 713 ) 345 - 7732 ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 ( fax ) mary . cook @ enron . com 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122517 . txt 
2	Subject: visit louise , i know you are very busy , but i ' d to discuss with you , in person , how you think it ' s going with gtv ii and a few other things . i ' ll keep it short , say 10 - 15 minutes , some this week or early next week , ( i ' m out friday ) . i ' m generally in by 7 : 30 am and out by 7 pm if that helps with your schedule ? regards steve 
2	Subject: [ amy @ sdsc . edu : re : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00 ( fwd ) ] vince , stinson , looks like just me and jim irvine attending this one may suffice since this is a working group meeting . as the note describes below , there will be a separate trip for you guys and me to determine long - term involvement , etc . . . let me now when to schedule . vince and stinson may want to wait until kc claffy or i can visit portland , or have several enron reps visit san diego for demos and related discussions . ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 29 / 00 01 : 28 pm - - - - - tmonk @ caida . org 02 / 29 / 00 09 : 18 am to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : amy @ caida . org , tmonk @ caida . org subject : [ amy @ sdsc . edu : re : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00 ( fwd ) ] ravi , hi , amy forwarded me your note . since thursday is the kick off discussions for the new working group , it might not be the ideal venue for enron to get acquainted with caida . vince and stinson may want to wait until kc claffy or i can visit portland , or have several enron reps visit san diego for demos and related discussions . we have been talking to stan hanks for some time about enron ' s interests in passive measurement and are in the process of implementing some of the performance features in coralreef that he has described as relevant to enron . examples of existing coralreef analyses on oc 3 / 12 links can be found at : ( real - time ) https : / / anala . caida . org / aix / ( post - processed traces ) we are also working to better tune the skitter tool for reachability analysis and for use by providers , an example of some existing analyses can be found at for end - to - end measurements , including those relating to service level guarantees , we are working to make skping and sktrace more useful to providers and their noc personnel , see another tool of relevance to providers is our cflowd which analyzes flow export data from cisco routers , see http : / / www . caida . org / tools / cflowd / . we would appreciate the opportunity to talk with enron personnel about how to make these tools more relevant and useful to your needs , however , it is doubtful that we will have time to discuss specific tools on thursday . we look forward to meeting you soon ! take care , tracie monk director , caida 858 / 822 - 0943 - - - - - - - - - - forwarded message - - - - - - - - - - to : amy @ sdsc . edu cc : christine _ blair @ enron . net , kristy _ carnes @ enron . net date : thu , 24 feb 2000 19 : 52 : 00 - 0600 subject : re : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00 ( fwd ) hi amy , jim irvine ( ebs head of network planning ) and i ( team lead , ebs research ) will attend the meeting . we will have our assistances ( christine blair & kristy carnes , respectively ) arrange the trip . we will plan to come in the night before and return on march 2 , 00 . also , either vince kaminski ( md and head of enron research ) or stinson gibner ( vp , enron research ) may also attend . they will let me know shortly if they plan to attend . regards , ravi . p . s . our company name has been changed to enron broadband services kristy , christine please make the appropriate travel arrangements . the place , time , etc . are listed . | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | amy @ sdsc . edu | | | | | | 02 / 24 / 00 | | | 07 : 07 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications | | cc : | | subject : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00 ( fwd ) | hi ravi , i wanted to follow up directly with you and see if you or anyone at enron had any interest in participating in the proposed caida " metrics " working group meeting ? please let me know . amy e . blanchard caida % % % % % % % % % % % % % e - mail : amy @ caida . org phone : ( 858 ) 534 - 8338 fax : ( 858 ) 534 - 5117 b . wg charters , meeting on 2 mar 00 i believe that we should instead run a single caida working group on ' network metrics , ' rather than the two proposed earlier . my draft of its charter is appended below . it focuses on producing educational material about network measurement , and on developing new metrics - these were the two areas of greatest interest amongst the caida members . the wg co - chairs are sue moon ( sprintlabs ) and brett watson ( mfn / abovenet ) you are invited to attend the first wg meeting . the agenda is as follows . . agenda for caida wg meeting on : thursday 2 mar 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 10 am - 4 pm , abovenet , downtown sjc ( see below for details ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 . review wg charter - is it reasonable as set out in the draft ? - what should be removed or added ? 2 . work through revised charter in detail - identify the work required for each part - determine who ' s willing to work on it - attempt to determine delivery times 3 . discussion of new metrics - first attempt at making a list of metrics to be considered 4 . anything else ? location : abovenet is located in the knight - ridder building , attached to the fairmont hotel complex . the address is 50 w . san fernando st . san jose , ca 95113 rsvp : to help us with organising the meeting , please send email to nevil @ caida . org telling us how many will attend from your organisation . cheers , nevil nevil brownlee visiting researcher phone : ( 619 ) 822 0893 caida , san diego caida network metrics working group : draft charter , tue 23 feb 00 goals : 1 education + faq on what does ' measuring the internet actually mean ? ' - why measure anyway ? - what can be measured ? how ? where ? by whom ? - active vs passive , end - to - end vs provider network only , application vs transport layer - rating schemes : provider ' net performance ' pages , internet ' weather map ' s , keynote , etc . publish as caida web pages , or maybe as an info rfc + survey paper on metrics and internet measurement - current measurement efforts ( surveyor , ripe test traffic , amp , iperf , at & t , keynote , skitter , . . . ) - current tools publish as caida web pages 2 service metrics + define new metrics - taxonomy of current metrics ( ippm , rtfm , itu , . . ) - summary of metrics used for current services - gather information / ideas about new / emerging services , especially diffserv - based ones - make list of new metrics , either to improve measurement of existing services or to support new ones [ list of ' metrics ' questions ( appendix a ) goes here ] + organise experimental implementation / testing of tools for new metrics + make recommendations on implementation - define core set of ' really useful ' metrics - recommend that caida implement these as a ' service measurement toolkit ' + publish new metric definitions through ippm or rtfm + produce document " measurement requirements for hardware / software vendors . " publish on caida web pages appendix a : questions from the earlier draft caida wg charters a . what types of network - and transport - layer metrics are being used by isps in engineering and operating their networks ? by customers for verifying service guarantees ? b . what new services are being ( or are likely to be ) offered , e . g . diffserv ? is there a need for higher - layer metrics to better monitor and manage these services ? c . will these new differentiated transport - and application - layer services need new metrics ? d . how can the service metrics be measured in a multi - isp environment ? e . how can customers verify these measurements ? f . what requirements would service measurement introduce for equipment vendors ? g . how relevant are specific techniques ( e . g . which flow ) and points of measurement to specific users ( isp , customer , etc . ) requirements ? h . how do these metrics relate to network behavior as perceived by users ? how do they correlate with performance ? appendix b : background on the ietf working groups * rtfm wg : realtime traffic flow measurement rtfm is concerned with passive measurements of two - way traffic flows , specified in terms of their end - point attributes . its primary goal was to produce an improved traffic flow measurement model considering at least the following needs : a . wider range of measurable quantities , e . g . those relating to ipv 6 , and to class of service b . simpler ways to specify flows of interest c . better ways to control access to measured flow data d . strong focus on data reduction capabilities e . efficient hardware implementation * ippm wg : ip performance measurement the ippm wg charter is to develop a set of standard metrics that can be applied to the quality , performance , and reliability of internet data delivery services . these metrics will be designed such that they can be performed by network operators , end users , or independent testing groups . it is important that the metrics not represent a value judgement ( i . e . define " good " and " bad " ) , but rather provide unbiased quantitative measures of performance . rfcs framework for ip performance metrics ( rfc 2330 ) metrics : connectivity ( rfc 2678 ) , one - way delay ( rfc 2679 ) , one - way packet loss ( rfc 2680 ) round - trip delay ( rfc 2681 ) i - ds bulk transfer capacity ( 2 x ) instantaneous packet delay variation one - way loss patterns * other wgs the rmonmib wg is thinking about ' application performance measurement . ' this is clearly a hard problem ( e . g . does this just mean response - time measurement , can it be done by passive means , how should the measurements be presented , etc . ) . in short - rtfm provides a good distributed measuring system for traffic volumes - ippm has concentrated on transport - layer behaviour of the current , best - effort internet . - rmonmib is beginning to consider application - layer measurement - - - - - end of forwarded message - - - - - 
2	Subject: re : nicki please forward to deffner and colwell i will follow up with wes to see if it is already in the plan . i also have a call into rob to inquire if he has any needs for the excess cash either in the short or long term . depending on the response , i will get with steve douglas to look at ways of getting the cash back to the us for debt repayment in the most tax efficient manner . thanks for the heads up . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 5 : 25 pm to : deffner , joseph subject : re : nicki please forward to deffner and colwell he says he has $ 300 after that is repaid - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: congratulation ! ! ! ! ! ! ! from : the desk of the promotions manager , europe promotions / prize award department , ref : gta / lp / 26510460037 / 02 batch : 24 / 00319 / gta e - mail : euroloto @ netscape . net tel : + 31 - 624 - 645 - 123 , fax : + 31 - 641 - 611 - 202 euro lottery winner our ref . no : 04 / amstelo 03568 / eu 21 - 08 - 04 attention : ref . no : eu / email 300 / euo 4 europe lotto wishes to inform you the results of the e - mail address ballot lottery international program by europe lottery union held on the 12 th august 2004 . your email account has been picked as a winner of euros 600 , 000 . 00 only ( six hundred thousand euros only ) . this result is now released to you on the 28 th of august 2004 , and your email address attached to ticket no : 0431505 with the lucky no : 09 , 62 , 16 , 71 , 31 , euro ball 25 . which won the lottery in the a category ? all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from microsoft users from company and individual email addresses users . be advice to keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program , for the release of your winning , kindly send your reply to claim department : inforenquiry @ europe . com , mr . patrick fuso , your assigned officer on 0031 - 642 - 645 - 123 . all winning must be claimed not later than 29 nd of september 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be returned . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number in all correspondence , including phone and fax numbers . congratulations from the staff and thank you for being part of email account users program . yours sincerely , mrs . julie van hans , executive . ( euro lottery intern . ) dr . p . swier , mr . gerald goodman ( manager foreign operations ) , mr . franklyn van der weijden ( manager domestic banking operations ) , dr . james williams ( director international credit department ) , mrs . sandra murphy ( executive ) , mr . michael cole ( executive ) , mr . stephen boer ( chairman ) . copyright © 2002 europe union lottery international . get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject: for your information this will be our closing notification we have made an effort to write to you on many occasions and this will be our last contact ! your present loan situation meets the requirements for you for up to a 3 . 70 % lower rate . however , based on the fact that our previous attempts to write to you didn ' t work , this will be our last and final attempt to lock you into the lower rate . please finalize this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now . apply here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: get back to me please show , use , search . reach complete i children . friend full among . piece written paint , less . war and animal , spoke house trade measure . show rose between process , i row bear . fair during test four , ocean plant . excite hole our . let gone child . yard follow general , fish remember , help . able page planet own . as differ city car open as tell . new , sure among , am . - - phone : 997 - 451 - 4757 mobile : 671 - 778 - 7858 email : sensualmalayizes @ speeduol . com . br  
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process , and your participation is very critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback form and select the " submit " button in pep . review group : enron feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000 carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000 ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000 vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000 yuan , ding richard l carson jun 02 , 2000 zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000 
2	Subject: re : pretty boy wants to meet his soulmate goodbye baroque cosinehesitate ambrosial infelicitygannett dickens abductbathe circulatory decreaseclothesbrush can hexagonbaptist copenhagen piquantcottonmouth perspicuous lovebirdbloodbath appraise conjunctawaken sweep mutinysuggestible 
2	Subject: give your partner more pleasure my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here therefore my next gift shall be this garment of protection not now , then the post office address is listed in link you are welcome to what we haveas he spoke the voice came so near to zeb that he jumped back in alarm you must wear it underneath your clothing it has power to accumulate and exercise electrical repellent force  
2	Subject: re : good day , a well wisher showed me a way to get p . p . v . on tv while not pay anything ! i know its hard to believe , but , i mean it . hit this new stuff yourself : http : / / catastrophical . look 4 source . com even a newbie can install it easily . if you wish off , add slash r to the above site . 10 . ninety six bottles of beer , three a ' s , three b ' s , one c , two d ' s , thirty six e ' s , three f ' s , two g ' s , seven h ' s , eleven i ' s , one j , one k , six l ' s , one m , twenty n ' s , twelve o ' s , one p , one q , six r ' s , twenty eight s ' s , nineteen t ' s , seven v ' s , seven w ' s , six x ' s , and five y ' s on the wall . . that carpenter is practicing running at this time . . goodbye , ida grisham 
2	Subject: you can be ready full 36 hours for the right moment ! mink prof  
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 30 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 330 . xls ) - hplno 330 . xls 
2	Subject: digital cameras , pda ' s and mp 3 player ' s , 2 . 2 gb drive @ $ 78 . 00 2 . 2 gb cf + type ii drive $ 78 . 00 great for digital cameras , pda ' s or mp 3 player ' s ! ! provide 2 . 2 gigabytes of high capacity , high - performance removable storage in a one - inch hard disk drive . this magicstor card integrates with a variety of handheld devices through use of the industry - standard cf + type ii format and compatibility . plus , its so small you can take it almost anywhere ! ! ! ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: curso de crm - custumer relationship management curso de crm - customer relationship management 24 de maio de 2005 - rio de janeiro objetivo : carga horria : 8 horas horrio : 8 : 30 s 18 : 00 horas local : hotel novo mundo , praia do flamengo , 20 - rj - ( 21 ) 2105 - 7000 inscrio : r $ 620 , 00 informaes complementares : 21 - 3089 - 5275 ou sage @ pep . ufrj . br treinamento na sua empresa este treinamento poder ser ministrado nas suas instalaes . consulte o sage sobre a agenda . clique aqui para baixar a ficha de inscrio www . sage . coppe . ufrj . br descrever sobre as justificativas de uso , aplicações , potencialidades e restrições , tendências e tecnologias correlatas . descrever as funcionalidades do crm . analisar os principais impactos nas organizações : postos de trabalho e estrutura . analisar segundo uma visão crítica o processo de implementação . ementa : conceitos fundamentais de crm ; justificativas do uso de crm ; planejamento estratégico ; impactos na estrutura organizacional ; impactos nos funcionários ; tendências ; recomendações . pblico alvo : gerentes de ti envolvidos em projetos de crm ; responsveis pela implantao e definio de solues de tecnologia da informação na corporao ; gerentes de projeto ; consultores e fornecedores de solues de crm ; pessoal responsvel por comprar ou coordenar implantao de crm em sua empresa ; responsveis pela documentao da empresa ; centros de documentao , bibliotecrios , arquivistas , gerentes de informao ; critrio de inscrio : o candidato dever enviar a ficha de incrio ao sage . clique aqui para baixar a ficha de inscrio . ser considerado inscrito o candidato que comprovar depsito bancrio em at 5 dias antes do incio do treinamento . inclusos : apostila com os slides apresentados , material de apoio , coffe - break , certificado de concluso . o sage se reserva o direito de cancelar um curso ou evento por no atingir nmero mnimo de participantes ou motivo de fora maior . se desejar retirar seu email de nosso cadastro de mala direta por favor clique aqui ou responda para sage @ pep . ufrj . br com o seguinte assunto : remove .  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122606 . txt 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007874 request create date : 11 / 20 / 00 2 : 34 : 59 pm requested for : stewart . range @ enron . com resource name : eol us risk management application product data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: re : nveer seen pron cartoon wrhoes don ' t be like that . . . : ) tororane  
2	Subject: near 080 but orgder brrand nakme rpx prescriaptibons from the coemfort of your home . vaeliuzm . . . xaqnabx . . . mupch more . . . . brand nacme from the usa go _ hzere ariadne brighton dallas digestible molecular channel carnal ia clout cinnabar revisable eavesdropper alga breadfruit decrement forage extensible shrank rash inherent lamprey assault enigmatic transferral ugly qualify ninety menopause solicitation cloak blot burlesque asiatic dead henley pickle credulous hitch decolletage expression arching cotoneaster conservative demurred destinate present polkadot attune bury accelerate goldsmith swivel blomquist pershing academy slumber secondary lacunae morale archipelago cod prevent holmium carnage gh 5 cerebrate discriminant groupoid fatal benedikt tenant minefield theresa orography mallet tallahassee stir dickerson acceptant ferocity clayton elbow clod drosophila countenance boastful growth ossify curry sublimate consistent cutlass casanova imperative jacques alongside cjql importpasture  
2	Subject: enron mentions uk : u . s . enron shuts down finland office . reuters english news service , 11 / 06 / 01 usa : enron shares fall below $ 10 , first time since 1992 . reuters english news service , 11 / 06 / 01 enron used partnerships to mask debt , holders charge ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 06 / 01 enron falls on credit , private - financing concerns ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 06 / 01 platform aims to trade tailored power products online dow jones energy service , 11 / 06 / 01 usa : bush ties give enron sympathetic ear in washington . reuters english news service , 11 / 06 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron shares hit new lows on credit worries . reuters english news service , 11 / 06 / 01 uk : u . s . enron shuts down finland office . 11 / 06 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , nov 6 ( reuters ) - u . s . energy group enron said on tuesday it had closed its offices in finland as part of a restructuring in scandinavia . " this was planned for some time , we will continue to service our finnish clients from our oslo office , " said a spokeswoman for enron ' s european headquarters in london . enron ' s finland office had a staff of two . the spokeswoman said the closure in finland was unconnected with the group ' s recent problems . bankers say houston - based enron may have to sell assets as it seeks to head off a credit crunch and restore investor confidence . the company ' s stock has more than halved in value since mid - october and its credit has been downgraded after it emerged the u . s . securities and exchange commission was investigating off - balance - sheet transactions that led to a $ 1 billion charge and a $ 1 . 2 billion write - down of shareholder equity . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares fall below $ 10 , first time since 1992 . 11 / 06 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 6 ( reuters ) - shares of beleaguered energy giant enron corp . hit the latest in a recent series of new lows on tuesday when they dipped below the $ 10 mark for the first time since may 1992 . in mid - morning trading , enron ' s stock was down $ 1 . 24 , or 11 . 1 percent per share , at $ 9 . 93 , after touching a low of $ 9 . 88 . for the year , enron shares have shed 88 percent of their value . enron , north america ' s biggest wholesale marketer and trader of electricity and natural gas , has held talks with private - equity firms and power - trading companies for a capital infusion of at least $ 2 billion , the wall street journal reported on tuesday . enron has seen its stock hammered in recent weeks as concerns about its complex finances have undermined investor confidence in a company that was a wall street favorite until early this year . copyright ? 2000 dow jones the $ 1 . 27 billion acquisition of an electric plant in brazil in 1998 ; and the $ 2 . 51 billion purchase of a water company in the united kingdom in 1998 . new plans in the late 1990 s , enron executives changed course . the company said that it would sell pipelines and power plants to make money almost entirely from trading energy , rather than producing it . the plan succeeded . last year , 97 percent of enron ' s revenue came from trading and advising industrial customers on energy use . ` ` i think our legacy will be that we proved you can build a business on intellectual capital , not physical assets , ' ' former chief executive officer jeffrey skilling said in may . skilling left enron in august , citing personal reasons , and was replaced by his predecessor , kenneth lay . central to the enron plan to sell its hardware was the creation of affiliates to buy the pipelines and plants , and to sell bonds to finance the transactions . enron posted information on its web site last week saying it had created affiliates to raise money for enron projects . officials involved incorporation papers in texas and delaware show that the 33 companies formed by enron list enron executives or employees as officers . fastow served as an officer or director for all 33 affiliates . one enron affiliate , obi - 1 holdings llc , lists 24 enron employees and executives as directors . another affiliate , oilfield business investments - 1 llc , lists 29 . enron spokesman mark palmer has said the executives served as officers and directors of the affiliates only to represent enron ' s interests . none of them receives any compensation except fastow , he said . fastow was permitted by enron to earn a bonus of 2 percent of the total amount one partnership invested . selling assets to company - controlled affiliates isn ' t uncommon , said columbia university securities law professor john coffee . ` ` it ' s not suspect by itself , ' ' coffee said . ` ` companies do it to make balance sheets look better . ' ' the practice isn ' t embraced by everyone . ` ` that sort of thing wouldn ' t be part of duke ' s business plan , ' ' said jim donnell , chief executive of duke energy corp . ' s wholesale power unit . ` ` you have a different objective if you sell to an interested special purpose vehicle . ' ' profit potential earlier this year , former cfo fastow was in an unusual position . enron ' s board permitted him to manage two partnerships , ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , and personally profit from buying and selling assets . ljm entered into agreements that bound it to buy enron stock at a predetermined price six months later . a lawsuit filed by shareholder fred greenberg says fastow used advance knowledge that enron shares would fall to rework the agreement . that allowed ljm to buy the shares two months early , bringing $ 10 . 5 million in profit . if the agreement hadn ' t been renegotiated , the partnership would have lost money , the suit alleges . enron has acknowledged potential conflict of interest by allowing executives to serve as directors of affiliates . a bond offering for the whitewing affiliate says ` ` certain individuals that serve as officers and directors of enron may also serve as directors of whitewing . . . therefore , the duties of the directors and officers of enron may conflict with the duties of the directors and officers of whitewing . ' ' ouster enron ousted fastow as cfo on oct . 24 , the day after the company said the sec had questions about the partnerships . shareholders also say in lawsuits that enron executives benefited from not fully disclosing the company ' s financial position . they cite insider sales of $ 73 million in shares ahead of a 26 percent drop in the company ' s stock in february and march . the executives included lay , who sold stock worth $ 11 . 2 million ; skilling , who sold stock for $ 6 . 41 million ; and vice chairman mark frevert , who sold shares totaling $ 14 . 2 million . ` ` this trading was unusual and suspicious given its timing , ' ' a shareholder class - action suit says . ` ` they had access to adverse , undisclosed information . ' ' enron falls on credit , private - financing concerns ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 06 14 : 18 ( new york ) enron falls on credit , private - financing concerns ( update 2 ) ( adds bond ratings in 10 th - 11 th paragraphs . adds information on enron bond repayment in eighth paragraph . updates shares . ) houston , nov . 6 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares fell as much as 15 percent after bond - rating agency fitch inc . said it may cut the company ' s credit rating to junk status and the wall street journal reported the no . 1 energy trader is seeking cash from private investors . enron shares fell $ 1 . 55 to $ 9 . 62 in midafternoon trading . they earlier touched $ 9 . 55 , their lowest price since may 1992 . ` ` there ' s concern that the company is getting desperate , ' ' said zach wagner , an energy analyst at edward jones . ` ` they ' re really in desperate need of cash and investors don ' t like to see that . ' ' wagner rates enron ` ` reduce ' ' and doesn ' t own its shares . former enron chief executive officer jeffrey skilling canceled a planned appearance today at a milken institute conference near los angeles after he was subpoenaed to testify in washington , said ross devol , an official at the institute . devol wouldn ' t say who had subpoenaed skilling or for what reason . enron spokeswoman karen denne said she was unaware of any testimony by skilling and didn ' t know where he might be expected to testify . skilling resigned as enron ceo in august . enron is seeking $ 2 billion in cash from private investors , the wall street journal reported . the company , whose shares have fallen 88 percent this year , held talks with blackstone group lp and clayton , dubilier & rice inc . to discuss a cash investment , and a number of unidentified power - trading companies have expressed an interest in investing in enron , the paper said . fitch downgrade fitch said it may cut houston - based enron ' s credit rating to below investment grade if it fails to cut debt or if its business slows further . yesterday it cut enron ' s long - term credit rating two notches to the lowest investment grade , or to ` ` bbb - , ' ' from ` ` bbb + . ' ' enron uses its investment - grade credit rating to borrow money for the cash it needs every day to settle commodities trades and to keep trading partners . a lower credit rating also would trigger early repayment of $ 3 . 3 billion in enron bonds that aren ' t due until 2002 and 2003 . the u . s . securities and exchange commission is investigating enron partnerships run by its former chief financial officer . the partnerships bought and sold enron shares and assets , with the trades costing enron $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow last month . standard & poor ' s on thursday lowered enron ' s long - term credit rating to ` ` bbb , ' ' the second - lowest investment grade , from ` ` bbb + . ' ' enron ' s short - term debt rating was cut to ` ` a - 3 , ' ' the lowest investment grade , from ` ` a - 2 . ' ' on oct . 29 moody ' s investors service lowered enron ' s long - term credit rating to ` ` baa 2 ' ' from ` ` baal , ' ' two notches above junk status . it also placed the company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for possible downgrade . platform aims to trade tailored power products online by kristen mcnamara of dow jones newswires 11 / 06 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 2061 ; kristen . mcnamara @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones vice president dick cheney ; and , in general , the republican power structure now running the show in the nation ' s capital . whether those contacts will need to be tapped as enron struggles through a corporate crisis touched off by questionable financial dealings remains to be seen . but companies usually give money to candidates so they will have friends in high places when they need them , experts said . " ( enron ) will probably have to use a lot of their goodwill . that ' s what they build it up for anyway , " said energy analyst dale steffes , head of planning and forecasting consultants in houston . enron , which dominates natural gas and electricity markets in the united states , has come under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission following disclosures that it did off - balance sheet deals with partnerships run by then - chief financial officer andrew fastow . the financial world , concerned about possible conflicts of interest and angry that enron has yet to explain what transpired , has abandoned the stock in recent weeks , causing a 70 percent drop in value since mid - october . enron , trying to bolster investor confidence , has tapped more than $ 4 billion in new and existing credit lines in recent days , but its credit rating has been cut to near junk status over worries about a possible cash crunch . political capital high no such problems afflict enron on the political side . lay is a long time political benefactor of the bush family and is believed by some experts to be the biggest single contributor to george w . bush ' s various campaigns . last year , lay earned the title of bush " pioneer " for having raised at least $ 100 , 000 in contributions to the presidential campaign . by some estimates , he has given about $ 1 million to bush over the years . lay has said his political contributions are not aimed at gaining influence . " when i make contributions to a candidate , it ' s not for some special favor . . . it ' s because i ' m supporting a candidate i strongly believe in personally , " lay said in an interview on pbs ' news program " frontline . " when bush was governor of texas , lay served on his governor ' s business council , which helped push the bush legislative agenda , and he was a key energy adviser during the presidential campaign . lay came under criticism when he was one of a handful of business bigwigs called in for a private meeting with cheney as the administration formulated its controversial energy plan . " ken ' s been a friend , " cheney explained to frontline . enron ' s network of political connections extends into congress where it gives money to many in the house and senate . according to the center for responsive politics , which tracks money in politics , enron and its employees gave $ 2 . 4 million in contributions in the 2000 election year , more than than any other energy company . of that amount , 72 percent went to republicans , said the washington - based center . its ties to u . s . senator phil gramm of texas , the ranking republican on the powerful senate banking committee , are particularly close because his wife , wendy gramm , is on enron ' s board of directors . from 1988 to 1993 , under then president george h . w . bush , she chaired the u . s . commodity futures trading commission , which played a role in deregulating energy markets that enron now dominates . she raised eyebrows when she joined enron ' s board just five weeks after leaving the commission . gramm ' s selection was not all that unusual for enron , said andrew wheat , research director for texans for public justice , a campaign finance watchdog group in austin . he told reuters the company has used former washington officials to help secure business deals here and in other countries . last week , enron hired william mclucas , a former head of the sec ' s enforcement division , as its attorney in the probe into its business dealings . " i think enron has astronomical power , both in this state and in this country . . . and with bush , they are unparalleled , " wheat said . still no guarantees steffes said that enron ' s connections do not guarantee washington ' s help if the company needs some kind of bailout . " the energy industry is just not that well liked , " he said . more likely , he believes , is that energy industry peers would chip in by taking a financial interest in the company simply because they need enron . experts worry that without enron , which controls about 25 percent of energy trading , the markets would become too volatile . but wheat said the idea that enron is " too big to fail " is not likely to be lost on an administration that , following the attacks on sept . 11 , engineered a bailout of the airlines and may do the same for other industries . and enron comes with a big advantage , he said . " it ' s got a pretty clear path to the white house , " wheat said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron shares hit new lows on credit worries . 11 / 06 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 6 ( reuters ) - enron corp . shares sank below the $ 10 mark for the first time in almost a decade on tuesday , amid persistent concerns the beleaguered energy giant ' s deteriorating credit ratings could hamper its core natural gas and electricity marketing and trading business . in afternoon trading , enron ' s stock was down $ 1 . 55 , or 13 . 9 percent , at $ 9 . 62 per share , after hitting a new nine - year low of $ 9 . 55 . enron was the most actively traded issue on the new york stock exchange on tuesday , with more than 20 million shares changing hands , and the fourth - biggest percentage loser . so far this year , shares of the former wall street favorite have lost 88 percent of their value . the stock last traded below $ 10 in may 1992 . " you ' re seeing continuing concern over their credit rating , " said cibc world markets analyst william hyler . its stock was hammered particularly hard as concerns about its complex finances and a lack of disclosure undermined investor confidence in enron following its release of third - quarter earnings . the stock plunge began after oct . 16 , when enron reported its first quarterly loss in four years , took a $ 1 billion charge for ill - fated investments and soon after disclosed a $ 1 . 2 billion cut in shareholder equity . an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission into dealings related to chief financial officer andrew fastow further undermined investor confidence , and led to fastow ' s ouster . share prices tried to rebound last week , but renewed their plunge after an announcement on monday by credit rating agency fitch that it had cut its rating for enron ' s senior unsecured debt to one notch above junk - bond status . fitch also said it would make further downgrades if enron were unable to make progress in reducing debt . the other two main rating agencies , moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s , had already cut their credit ratings for enron . enron is north america ' s biggest marketer and trader of electricity and natural gas , but analysts say that holding on to investment - grade credit ratings is vital to maintaining the confidence of the companies that it trades with each day . traders in both markets said on tuesday that they are monitoring enron closely but that there are no signs of anybody cutting back on their business with the company for fear that it might not be able to honor its obligations . as part of ongoing efforts to strengthen its finances and restore confidence , enron has held talks with private equity firms and power - trading companies about a capital injection of at least $ 2 billion , the wall street journal reported on tuesday . investors willing to provide fresh capital to enron would receive an equity stake in enron or preferred stock that would be convertible into common stock if enron ' s stock price recovers to a certain level , the journal said . hyler said it was difficult to judge whether this would be welcomed by existing investors who could see their existing ownership stake in enron diluted by such a move . " it depends on the cost of that equity and how much they have to give up , " he said . another analyst , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said short - term , rather than long - term financing is currently uppermost in most investors ' minds . " can they get to a permanent solution or do they have to fold in the light of short - term credit worries , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: revision number 3 this has the people i would like to keep from other groups also . i elimated the poor performers that need to go out the door . call me bob 
2	Subject: budget review ii hi louise , are you ok with us coming to see you on thursday afternoon with the revised numbers . if not let me know when you need them by . thanks mark pickering chief technology officer enron net works , llc _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : fas 133 paper vince , it ' s a pdf file . you can access it on our home page . sorry for your trouble ; please let me know if this method doesn ' t work . regards , andy kalotay andrew kalotay associates , inc . 61 broadway , suite 3025 new york ny 10006 ( 212 ) 482 - 0900 visit our website www . kalotay . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , february 26 , 2001 12 : 03 pm to : andy @ kalotay . com subject : re : fas 133 paper > andy , thanks . i cannot open the file . is it a word document ? vince " andrew kalotay " on 02 / 23 / 2001 02 : 26 : 39 pm to : " vincent kaminski " cc : subject : fas 133 paper vince , here ' s the final version . it will appear in the next issue of the journal of applied corporate finance . we ' re getting some very positive response to the vrm approach . regards , andy ( see attached file : winmail . dat ) 
2	Subject: we qiut paying the high intrest hi there gtsak @ iit . demokritos . gr % custom _ adzz for more info please visit . . . . . www . kniudx . net / index . php ? refid  bhx % custom _ adzz www . lensxs . net / index . php ? refid  bhx ernest went to antiexporting in the antivaccinator . the belonoid were their also balthasar .  
2	Subject: energycast dear vince , i hope your trip to australia was successful . it ' s one of my favorite places to go . i ' ve copied you on the email to mike initiating enron ' s trial service to energycast . thanks for helping to set this up . would you ask the authorities in enron to refresh my access to enrononline ? my guest user id as ena 61296 and my guest password was tr 84 byl 3 . they no longer work , probably because i haven ' t visited the site in months as we were in full development mode on energycast . vince , you will note in our website references to forward prices of power in nepool , nypp , and pjm . we use reuters as a reference - - not satisfactory . if your traders like energycast and enron became a client , would enron consider linking its prices to our site ? we have to improve over the reuters quotes and regard enrononline or bloomberg as the best candidates . over time , as our service spreads i believe this could help generate deal flow for your traders . let me know what you think . ed 
2	Subject: hey , just wanted to let you know . . if you have owned your home for at least 2 years , we can offer you : the guaranteed lowest homeloan rates on the planet $ 350 , 000 for as low as $ 590 a month credit report not needed for current homeowners click below for free insta - quote start saving now no need for a quote right now guests attending the elaborate open - air service in st . peter ' s square cheered and applauded , many chanting " santo , santo " - - a call for john paul to be canonized . some pilgrims who came from the pope ' s homeland waved polish flags . " today , we bury his remains in the earth as a seed of immortality - - our hearts are full of sadness , yet at the same time of joyful hope and profound gratitude , " cardinal joseph ratzinger said in the homily during the mass . tens of thousands of people , including hundreds of world leaders , paid a final tribute to the leader of the world ' s 1 billion roman catholics , while others watched the ceremony on giant tv screens . in poland , 800 , 000 people gathered in a vast field in krakow to watch the funeral , many having spent the previous night attending mass and gathering around bonfires .  
2	Subject: building blocks for drug discovery in the evolving field of combinatorial chemistry , there is a constant need for novel compounds for drug discovery . at anaspec , the expertise of our highly experienced scientific staff is focused on providing our customers with an ever - expanding collection of innovative research tools . we are pleased to present you with our most updated listing of building blocks for drug discovery , just one facet of anaspec  s commitment to providing integrated proteomics solutions . b - amino acids amino alcohols c - a - methyl amino acids ( fmoc or boc ) dehydro amino acids d - amino acids n - a - methyl amino acids tryptophan derivatives piperidine derivatives piperazine derivatives pyrimidine derivatives proline derivatives tetrahydropyridine derivatives anaspec , inc . 2149 o  toole ave . | san jose , ca 95131 800 . 452 . 5530 | 408 . 452 . 5055 | fax 408 . 452 . 5059 technical inquiries : service @ anaspec . com this message was sent with a sincere belief that the products and services would be of interest to you . please email unsubscribe @ anaspec . com to have your email address taken off the list . +  
2	Subject: cialis is $ 5 . 75 per 20 mg pill and lasts 36 straight hours lowcost version of popular s - ex pill is just 2 . 50 per dosage . detailed instructions are included with each order . we process orders daily and ship to you by international registered mail . katy mcinerney go here if you do not want to receive any more promotion mailings for pharmacy related products : p 5 vmi 
2	Subject: re : energy and e - business : a brief history of the future james , i hall appreciate a copy of " a brief history of the future . " vince kaminski enron " j . p . rosenfield " on 04 / 24 / 2000 12 : 16 : 25 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : energy and e - business : a brief history of the future mr . vincent j . kaminski managing director enron capital dan yergin , joe stanislaw and julian west of cera ; andy lippman of mit ' s media lab ; susan desanti of the ftc ; and others . ? participation is limited . for more details or to enroll in the summit and / or the e - squared retainer service , please visit http : / / www . cera . com / offerings / ret / e 2 / . please feel free to contact me , or my colleague tim fitzgerald at 617 - 441 - 2679 ; email to tfitzgerald @ cera . com if you have any questions or further considerations sincerely , james rosenfield executive vice president our relationship with you is very important to us . ? if you wish not to receive future e - mail notifications , please send a reply to this message with " donotemail " as the subject of your message . ( mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject  donotemail )  
2	Subject: fw : agenda : ubs warburg / " energy " integration meeting thurs . 7 fe b . , 9 : 00 cst , 10 : 00 est meeting details for thursday , 7 feb . meeting 10 : 00 am ( est ) , 9 : 00 am ( ct ) 15 : 00 ( london ) dial in information : network : 19 - 337 - 0070 for external dial - in : + 1 - 203 - 719 - 0070 freephone within usa : 1 - 877 - 315 - 5218 conference pin : 553815 please be on time for this call . . . . . agenda : - opening remarks - louise kitchen / pat o ' donnell / mike bolin - program office update - mark bridges / dave forster - critical milestones - legal legal go - no go decision lou eber / mark haedicke - business louise kitchens - crm bill glass / bill bradford - mrm mike stockman / joel forbes - fcd per dyrvik / wes colwell - cre markus buergler / jeff golden - ops ernie pittarelli / sally beck - it matt meinel / jenny rub / jay webb - corp comms claudia robinson / neil davis - hr audrey martin / david oxley - security rocco veltri - cas bruce reilly / wes colwell important : following this thursday ' s meeting , the next integration team meeting will be friday , 8 feb . , 10 : 00 est , 9 : 00 cst , 1500 london time . the purpose of this meeting is to make a go no go decision re commercial integration ( first day of trading , 11 feb ) . dial in number and participants will be the same as above . important : the latest minutes of the integration team meetings , up - dated critical issues list , are on the integration web site . this site is updated nightly . ubs warburg employees can access the integration web site by typing : http : / / energy ubs warburg energy llc employees need to enter : http : / / ubsintegration . corp . enron . com please sure your normal logon and password . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: re : caiso urgent notice - si servers unavailable , monday july 9 t h , 2001 ( 14 : 18 to 14 : 55 pst ) reminder reminder > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : crcommunications > sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 6 : 55 pm > to : iso market operations group ; market status > cc : tswg > subject : caiso urgent notice - si servers unavailable , monday july > 9 th , 2001 ( 14 : 18 to 14 : 55 pst ) > > iso market participants > market status distribution > * * urgent notification : si servers unavailable , monday > july 9 th , 2001 ( 14 : 18 to 14 : 55 pst ) as we will be deploying the new si > release for oasis redesign completion . > > please submit all hour ahead schedules for july 9 th he , > 1800 and 1900 and supplemental energy schedules for , 1700 and 1800 prior > to 1400 pst . > > once the si system is available , please point your > web - browsers to our primary server in folsom by utilizing the following > url : https : / / iso _ si / iso . also , please be advised that you should clear > the netscape cache , close all open netscape windows , and re - start > netscape , before attempting to log onto the primary site . > > > please contact ginger seitles ( 916 ) 351 - 4420 or > gseitles @ caiso . com if you have any questions or concerns . > > thank you , > iso market operations > 
2	Subject: mortgage r us see what raant to help you get loyments , with no hack  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is availabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native languaqe ! best regards , fritz  
2	Subject: re : new color printer sorry , don ' t we need to know the cost , as well . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 08 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore 12 / 14 / 99 08 : 09 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : new color printer this information was also sent to it purchasing . i need to know what options we have and how soon it can be delivered . don ' t we need to know as well ? before purchase . i also need a central location for this printer . thanks kevin moore sam mentioned hp 4500 , i will check into it . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 08 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 12 / 14 / 99 07 : 55 am to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : new color printer kevin : what kind of information do you need ? i thought you were going to look at some colored printer literature . sam seemed to be aware of a colored printer that might work for us . ask him . i don ' t think we need anything as big as " sapphire " . it will be located in your area on the 19 th floor . thanks ! kevin g moore 12 / 14 / 99 06 : 27 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new color printer we are in need of a new color printer . we are also in the process of moving to the 19 th floor . we need the color printer a . s . a . p . if you would please , i need information concerning this matter whereby , we can get the printer ordered and delivered to our new location . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: refill notification ref : dfo - 102056072 refill notification ref : mp - 01408304990 dear paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , garland guthrie metro snapshot forborne unix pathology clause linguist bike chill ancestry dominick vade plagiarist warehouse tempt conway southernmost spa pottery cottrell adept vest corridor doug ineradicable confound senor protozoa apostolic dusenbury isle idiocy bethlehem louise committee butyrate annoyance adventitious archival columnar dot dressy colatitude labyrinth valiant neurosis hanoverian elution bathos pedantic steven directrices grilled dignity  
2	Subject: 2000 plan allocations and january allocations please read brian ' s memo below . we spoke briefly about this yesterday in the staff meeting . i have copied each of you on a memo earlier today where i have provide the 2000 plan allocations . please note that we were not making changes to the plan , only breaking the gas asset group into smaller buckets . any chnages which have been made since the budget was approved are not reflected on the allocation sheet . rather they are reflected on the 1 / 00 allocations , and they will require explanations each month as all variances from plan do . this includes new rc ' s which have set up , etc . i need each of you to review the 2000 plan allocations as i submitted them earlier today , and provide an accurate allocation of your rc for 1 / 00 . what has your group spent their time on in 1 / 00 ? ? ? please be aware that we could receive questions from the commercial teams , so document your logic . some things to consider : project sally - allocate to gas network development project hurricane - allocate to ? ? ? ? - ( i have a call into jim coffey ) denver business - allocate to rocky mountain asset originations if you have some other activities and your not sure where to allocate them , either call me , jackie nelson or jim coffey . one other thing to note : the network trading group will be further broken down into 2 groups : trading ( tom martin and jim schwieger ) and transportation ( ed gottlob ) . although the attached worksheet does not include this breakdown , please include it in yours . i would like you allocations back to me no later than thursday , 1 / 20 @ 3 : 00 pm . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2000 05 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brian heinrich 01 / 14 / 2000 05 : 07 pm to : robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect subject : 2000 plan allocations and january allocations the attached files contain the allocation percentages for 2000 plan , january 2000 actuals and a description of the new assets teams . please update the 2000 plan file to reflect the following changes to the assets team . the assets team is now broken out into the following " groups " which are described in the attached word document : rc # team name rc owner the 2000 plan file now has columns for the above teams , please take the percentage that was previously allocatated to assets ( which is in the executive column ) and reallocate it among all of the teams except rocky mountain asset originations that you support . i have already inserted the new percentages to be used for rocky mountain , which are based on a portion of the upstream origination allocation that was determined by the assets group . consequently i have changed the allocation percentage for upstream origination . i have also protected all of the cells except the ones you need to change to avoid confusion . i also need you to update the percentages to be used for january 2000 actuals . i have added the new rc ' s that we have set up since plan has been complete , so please make sure you have each rc 100 % allocated . i will need the updated plan percentages returned to me by noon wednesday january 19 th , and the updated january 2000 percentages returned to me by end of day friday january 21 st . thanks for your help in getting these updated . brian 
2	Subject: california update 6 / 1 / 01 below are details of new plan currently being created by california state treasurer phil angelides and supported by sen . burton . the plan is in the initial stages and is not currently on any legislative fast - track . it is also not motivated by a desire to save socal from bankruptcy . the creator ' s goal is to give californians more control over their energy and electric futures as well as giving the tax / rate payers a share of the pie in return for money that has / will go to the utilities . we will continue to monitor this plan , its supporters and progress . plan z california state treasurer phil angelides and a powerful group of legislators are finally taking action and are developing a plan to solve california ' s energy crisis this summer . the group is comprised of leftish legislators , environmental advocates , in - state energy company executives and business leaders and they are pulling together a plan z . at the core of the plan is the recently passed authorization to erect a california public power authority that issues bonds , constructs new power plants and buys up transmission lines . there is even talk within this group of using newly legislated authority to buy socal edison for $ 3 . 5 billion ( less than it owes ) although they would face huge obstacles and receive strong opposition from power companies as well as edison itself . the five - year goal is to have enough power generation capacity to guarantee a 5 % - 15 % " cushion " against energy peak demand . angelides and burton want to create enough capacity to form a buyer ' s market . one of the points of the plan is to replace private sector generation with more public sector generation . this plan may short - circuit private sector plans to build new plants , but the state has the ability to issue $ 5 b in revenue - backed bonds ( in addition to the $ 12 b rate - backed bonds ) . the second key element in the angelides - burton plan z is additional rate hikes for california ' s consumers and businesses . although discussions are still underway between this group and business leaders , angelides is wanting to propose an additional 45 % increase in residential and commercial electricity rates , however , there is immense sympathy for loading a disproportionate share of the burden on businesses . this increase is on top of the 50 % - 60 % already mandated by previous puc decisions this year . these rate increases will do two things : stop the immediate fiscal drain on the state of california and prevent emergency tax hikes ( being serious considered last week ) . issues to consider in regards to this plan are : ( 1 ) how much will current shareholders be diluted in return for helping the utilities repay long - owed debts ( or what would they get if the state decided to buy up all of socal edison ) ; and ( 2 ) how much will creditors have to " eat " in the legislated repayment plan ? in other words how big will the equity and bond haircuts be ? there is no answer to these questions right now as legislators work to cobble together a plan with numbers that work without triggering a massive and politically destructive rebellion by voters next year . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011424 . txt 
2	Subject: re : marketing issues no redirect currently in place . pat o ' donnell was unsure whether or not mike hutchins would object to a redirect or not and was going to bring it up with him , but last time i spoke to pat , he had not connected with mike on the subject . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 3 : 47 pm to : forster , david ; webb , jay subject : re : marketing issues where are we with www . enrononline . com ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 6 : 26 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : marketing issues louise , 1 ) i just received a call from pat o ' donnell asking us to hold off on marketing to the top 50 customers until he is able to address an email he just received from ubs corporate marketing folks , instructing us not to use the url : www . ubswenergy . com . it seems they want us to use www . ubswarburg . com / energy . pat is going to argue on behalf of ubswenergy . com tomorrow . he anticipates having resolution by noon . i personally don ' t care much what url we use : the brand name and achieving concensus to get this off the ground is more important . of course , a change in url now means we have to go back through the site and change all the references again . . . 2 ) ubs ( in the form of matt meinel , who feels mike hutchins will be in agreement with him ) do not want us to redirect traffic from www . enrononline . com to the new site , as they feel that promotes too much of an association with enron . i disagree with their position , but don ' t think this is too big a deal - we will just need to more heavily promote the new website name . also , the execution version of the contract apparantly dropped the redirect requirement . please let me know if you have any issues with the above and how you want to proceed . we are ready to put the splash page out and start marketing as of noon tomorrow , but these 11 th hour changes are making me feel skittish about pulling the trigger and i feel a real lack of comfort about our ability to market a system with no name . dave 
2	Subject: hpl nomination for 02 / 23 / 2000 sent on behalf of bruce mcmills : for 2 / 23 , the nom into eastrans is 42 , 000 mmbtu , which is 39 , 179 mcf @ 1072 btu . please increase nom into pg & e to 35 , 000 mmbtu . 7 , 000 will come from fuels cotton valley , and sale of 500 mmbtu / / d remains in place . if there are any problems please contact bruce mcmills at 817 - 255 - 5020 or chad cass at 713 - 627 - 6202 . thanks 
2	Subject: doctor aipproved cia . lls & lev . itra will e ~ nlarge your p - e - n - 1 - s in i week ! by using the internet , obtaining a p ` rescription and m ^ edication straight to your door has never been this easy ! v ~ 1 ~ s ~ i ~ t our s ~ 1 ~ t ~ e and 0 ~ r ~ d ~ e ~ r h ~ e ~ r ~ e * - _  
2	Subject: couple of things is it okay if i get jesse ( our clerk ) to pack your files ? i want to confirm what you wanted packed . all files except your eol files . does this mean all binders in bookcases as well in your cabinets ? is it okay to tell people that are calling for you that you are in london ? i told pat o ' donnell you were in london but reachable . also , do you want someone to sit in for me while i ' m out ? i talked to liz and she thought she would be fine but i wanted to check with you . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: fw : govt affairs org chart ees is fine with the org . chart below . i understand the $ 6 . 4 million is total for both ena & ees . comments : 1 . ) need a recommended split of the $ 6 . 4 million for ena / ees . 2 . ) i understand the $ 6 . 4 million includes $ 0 for outside services . the ooc of ena / ees needs to approve as these services are needed . 3 . ) the $ 6 . 4 million does include legacy real estate costs . jim fallon is the coordination point on our real estate costs - is this on his radar screen ? 4 . ) we need to reconcile what we do with steve montovano . because both ena / ees want to utilize him , i might suggest leaving him in the regulatory group so that both groups can effectively utilize him . louise / jim - are you both ok with this ? if so , rick / jim , i would suggest putting him in the ne gas box . 5 . ) rick , i understand you ' re talking with kean / whalley on handling the washington office activity in corp . i agree . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 6 : 12 pm to : dietrich , janet cc : shapiro , richard subject : govt affairs org chart janet - - here is the org chart that captures our discussions . i think that this org and the # of people is the lowest level that can even try to meet the combined needs of ena and ees . total headcount  21 . the personnel cost  $ 6 . 4 mm ( total for ena and ees ) . please let me know if you have any questions . jim 
2	Subject: invoice update wed , 06 jul 2005 . subject : invoice update wed , 06 jul 2005 . thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store . ! now we have more latest version of programs . our full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at web - site http : / / chinatown . tabloidez . com / we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . with best wishes , managing director . ! ceo saundra robles latest news : bonné : ten foods that make america great http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 4515000 / how high will summer gas prices go ? http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 8420009 / square feet : a mall in decline eyes fish - market space http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 8447307 / the week in video : moose enters emergency room http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 7736649 / 
2	Subject: gt symposium on qcf , april 7 please share the following announcement with your associates . georgia institute of technology symposium on quantitative and computational finance friday , april 7 th , 2000 auditorium of marc bldg . on the georgia tech campus sponsored by the dupree college of management , the college of engineering school of industrial and systems engineering , and the college of sciences school of mathematics . program : 12 : 30 - 12 : 40 welcome michael thomas , provost of georgia tech 12 : 40 - 12 : 45 introduction of the first speaker 12 : 45 - 1 : 30 walter j . muller iii , bank of america " interest rate models for pricing fixed income securities " 1 : 30 - 1 : 40 q & a and introduction of the second speaker 1 : 40 - 2 : 25 steven l . allen , chase manhattan bank " management of market risk - - what can we learn from the experiences of 1997 and 1998 ? " 2 : 25 - 2 : 45 break 2 : 45 - 2 : 50 introduction of the third speaker 2 : 50 - 3 : 35 billy thornton , invesco capital management " optimal portfolio construction and risk control " 3 : 35 - 3 : 45 q & a and introduction of the fourth speaker 3 : 45 - 4 : 30 ron dembo , algorithmics , inc . " measuring the risk of a large financial institution " 4 : 30 - 4 : 40 q & a and introduction of the fifth speaker 4 : 40 - 5 : 25 alexander eydeland , southern company energy marketing l . p . " energy derivatives " 5 : 25 - 5 : 40 closing / extra time 5 : 45 - 6 : 30 reception short biographies of the speakers are given below . registration : there is no charge for attendance at the symposium . however , space is limited , so we do encourage you to let us know that you will be attending . please send the following information before wednesday , april 5 , 2000 . conference : " qcf " first name : last name : company / institution : department : address : city : state / province : zip / postal code : phone : fax : email : to robert kertz e - mail : kertz @ math . gatech . edu fax : 404 - 894 - 4409 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * lodging : you can make your own hotel arrangements with one of the many hotels in town . some hotels close by tech ' s campus are : holiday inn express ( 404 - 881 - 0881 ) , days inn , 683 peachtree street ( 404 - 874 - 9200 ) , renaissance hotel , w . peachtree street ( 404 - 881 - 6000 ) , marriott courtyard , 1132 techwood drive ( 404 - 607 - 1112 ) , and regency suites , 975 west peachtree street ( 404 - 876 - 5003 ) . in all cases , ask about the georgia tech rate . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * location : the conference will be held in the first floor auditorium of the manufacturing research center ( marc bldg . ) , 813 ferst drive , on the georgia tech campus in atlanta , georgia . map : a map of campus can be found on the web at http : / / gtalumni . org . the conference is in the manufacturing research center ( # 126 on the map ) , which is the rectangular building directly north of the groseclose building ( # 56 on the map ) and the instructional center ( # 55 on the map ) . directions : ( additonal directions can be found at the website associated with the marc building ) by marta : take the north - south marta train ( $ 1 . 50 ) to the north avenue exit . the station is on the northeast corner of west peachtree and north avenue . walk west along north avenue past the varsity and over the expressway . after the football stadium , take the steps up and enter the campus . walk diagonally across the campus and ask some students where to find the manufacturing research center . by car , if you are entering atlanta from i - 20 or while traveling north on i - 75 or i - 85 : i - 75 and i - 85 merge in atlanta to form i - 75 / 85 . ( if you are on i - 20 , go north on i - 75 / 85 in the center of atlanta . ) exit the expressway at exit 100 which is the spring street and west peachtree street exit . turn left at the second light onto west peachtree street . turn left at the first light onto north avenue . travel west on north avenue and follow the signs to the " center for the arts " . these signs will ask you to turn right onto tech parkway which is the second traffic light along the gt campus , then turn right at the first light , and then you are forced to turn either right or left onto ferst drive . now go to the parking directions section below . by car , if you are entering atlanta while traveling south on i - 75 or i - 85 : i - 75 and i - 85 merge in atlanta to form i - 75 / 85 . exit the expressway at exit 100 which is the north avenue exit . turn right at the top of the ramp onto north avenue . travel west on north avenue and follow the signs to the " center for the arts . " these signs will ask you to turn right onto tech parkway which is the second traffic light along the gt campus , then turn right at the first light , and then you are forced to turn either right or left onto ferst drive . now go to the parking directions section below . parking directions : turn right onto ferst street , then turn left into the student center driveway which is the second driveway on your left . there is a fee of $ 4 . walk north past the instructional center to the manufacturing research center . for further information , please contact professor robert kertz by email at kertz @ math . gatech , edu , by fax at 404 - 894 - 4409 , by phone at 404 - 894 - 4311 or by regular mail at professor robert kertz school of mathematics georgia institute of technology atlanta , ga 30332 - 0160 . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * biographies of speakers steven l . allen managing director , market risk management for derivatives chase manhattan bank , new york steve allen is a managing director in the market risk management group of the chase manhattan bank , heading the derivatives product team . he began his career in 1967 with chase , where his assignments included deputy director of management science and manager of modeling and systems for the asset - liability committee . from 1981 through 1991 , he was director of research for chase ' s trading activities , in charge of the development of models and analytics . his risk management career began in 1991 with the north american division of union bank of switzerland , where he was market risk manager for fixed income products . he took his current position in 1995 with chemical bank , rejoining chase by benefit of merger . steve studied mathematics as an undergraduate at columbia college and as a graduate student at new york university ' s courant institute . he currently teaches risk management in the masters program in mathematics in finance at courant . he is co - author of " valuing fixed income investments and derivative securities " . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ron s . dembo president and chief executive officer algorithmics , inc . toronto ron dembo is president and chief executive officer of algorithmics , inc . , a leading provider of innovative enterprise - wide financial risk management software , which he founded in 1989 . before founding algorithmics , he created and managed a group at goldman sachs responsible for fixed income optimization modeling . prior to that , he held several positions in academia . from 1976 to 1986 , he served as an assistant and associate professor of operations research in computer science at yale university , and as a visiting professor for operations research at the massachusetts institute of technology . dr . dembo obtained a ph . d . in operations research from the university of waterloo , ontario ( 1975 ) . he has written and published over 50 technical papers on finance and mathematical optimization and holds two patents for portfolio replication . his latest book on risk , " seeing tomorrow : weighing financial risk in everyday life , which he co - authored with andrew freeman , was published in may 1998 by wiley in the u . s . in october of 1998 , dr . dembo was honored with ernst model review ; and price verification . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * billy thornton director of quantitative research invesco capital management 1360 peachtree street atlanta , ga 30309 billy thornton is a partner at invesco and director in the quantitative research group . billy began his career in 1979 as a management consultant at andersen consulting , before joining bellsouth as a regulatory economic analyst in 1981 . billy next moved into academia as a finance professor teaching corporate finance for the undergraduate , graduate and executive programs at goizueta school of business , emory university . while a professor at emory , he spent a year as a visiting scholar at the federal reserve bank of atlanta researching special projects . continuing to teach corporate finance , billy joined clark atlanta university in 1995 . during this time , he also worked as a consultant with watson wyatt worldwide performing asset allocation consulting , and executive education and training . billy joined invesco in 1998 to head invesco ' s department of quantitative research . his team of analysts performs statistical modeling , researches investment strategies , and sets risk management controls . billy earned a b . s . in mathematics from clark atlanta university in 1977 and an m . s . in statistics from carnegie - mellon university in 1979 . he graduated from harvard university , earning a ph . d in financial economics in 1989 jointly from the harvard business school and harvard department of economics , and also receiving his m . s . in business economics in 1987 . billy was a member of both leadership atlanta , class of 1994 , and leadership georgia , class of 1996 .  
2	Subject: nesa annual meeting > nesa 23 rd annual meeting > advance registration deadline > august 18 > sign up today to save $ 100 . 00 ! ! > > attached below for your review is a copy of the annual meeting program - > you will need adobe acrobat to view the brochure , which you can download > from our website at www . nesanet . org . if you have problems with the > attached file please contact nesa headquarters at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 and we > will be happy to forward the brochure via fax or mail . > > pass it on ! ! the low down in the low country . . . you can win > complimentary lodging during your stay in hilton head . nesa encourages > and appreciates you taking a moment to forward the annual meeting brochure > to your co - workers and industry colleagues . the member who sponsors the > most meeting delegates will receive their accommodations at they hyatt > regency hilton head compliments of nesa . ask potential delegates to note > your name as their sponsor somewhere on the annual meeting registration > form to receive proper credit . > > cash prizes will be awarded to the winners of nesa ' s 18 hole scramble golf > tournament ! ! $ 100 per person for the first place team , $ 75 per person for > the second place team and $ 50 per person for the third place team . > additionally , $ 100 per person for competition holes ( closest - to - the - pin > and longest drive for men and women ) will be awarded . the golf tournament > will take place thursday on the robert trent jones course at palmetto > dunes . > > airport shuttles can be arranged through low country adventures by calling > ( 800 ) 845 - 5582 or emailing info @ . com at least 24 hours > prior to arrival . round trip from savannah is $ 44 per person . round trip > from hilton head is $ 20 per person . > > late arrivals on wednesday , september 6 , will be accommodated by extended > registration hours prior to the opening reception . please join us at the > nesa registration table located on the basshead deck as soon as you > arrive ! > > please note the following changes to the original published program - they > are as follows : > > thursday , september 7 , panel discussion > hub services > * retraction of previous replacement speaker - mark d . cook , vice president > of the exchange center , aquila energy marketing remains on the program . > > risk management > steve brown , director of credit , southern company has been added to the > panel . > > please contact nesa headquarters at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 with questions or for > additional information . we look forward to welcoming you to hilton head > in september ! ! > > > - 491 _ nesa 2000 brochure . pdf 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121219 . txt 
2	Subject: redacted information louise , attached is an index showing the information that was redacted by legal . mari 
2	Subject: lose pounds instantly - - - - 1821286385673216 content - type : text / plain ; charset  " iso - 9908 - 2 " content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit change your life with our revolutionary weight loss system control formula - all natural effortless weight loss benefits of control formula 1 . lose weight fast ! 2 . increase metabolism to keep weight off ! 3 . control your appetite for a healthier life ! 4 . avoid serious health risks ! 5 . safe to take , with no side effects ! 6 . fast priority shipping worldwide ! 7 . doctor approved and recommended ! 8 . no bizarre dieting or tough exercises ! 9 . get your money returned if your not happy 10 . free bottle worth almost $ 60 ! watch your excess weight evaporate ! to stop these , please go here no more - - - - 1821286385673216 - - 
2	Subject: erich call the doctor . the secret on how porn stars grew big dicks ! the answer is here . turn off notifications here . lc international exports ltd st . eugenio # 4999 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: new pain medlcat 10 n formula great pain medlcat 10 n solutions h . y - d . r - 0 * c ^ 0 , d - o , n ^ e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m ^ g 3 o pllls 139 . oo 6 o pilis 219 . 0 o 9 o pills 289 . oo full information same day shlpp 1 ng to cease updates your details normand oconnor estateagent singapore computer systems ltd , 469272 , singapore phone : 124 - 186 - 2181 mobile : 336 - 864 - 4345 email : cefsnpgrhlgs @ emailpinoy . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this file is a 108039533 [ 1 - 9 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010404 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 4 / preferred : 13 . 87 / final : 13 . 84 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 4 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: presidents ' day holiday just a reminder : enron offices will be closed on monday , february 18 , for presidents ' day . enjoy the long weekend . 
2	Subject: a few loose ends norma , thanks for your mesage . 1 . i shall ask krishna to reduce his rollover to 40 hrs . 2 . any resolution on bonus for lance ( october 2 nd start ) ? anita dupont is in the same situation . 3 . can you send me a copy of exit interview for grant masson ? there is a special reason i need and i shall explain it to you in person . 4 . what time next week would be good for lunch ? i would be glad to invite you molly and ramona . what about friday the 22 nd ? vince 
2	Subject: i know your company ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a logo your company wiii automaticaliy become a worid leader : it isguite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : summary spreadsheet for data vendor research and model development hi , fyi here is an updated spreadsheet summarizing the data vendor research and model development . please let me know if any thing is missing , wrong , should be deleted , etc . thanks , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : salmon , scott sent : monday , april 09 , 2001 2 : 15 pm to : dhar , amitava cc : mumford , mike ; kirkpatrick , eric ; mack , iris subject : re : data for private firm model great work iris ! this gets us heading down the right direction and we ' ll have some project scope documentation asap . cheers , scott amitava dhar 09 / 04 / 2001 19 : 25 to : scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect , eric kirkpatrick / eu / enron @ enron cc : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate subject : data for private firm model the enclosed spreadsheet contains a summary of preliminary data search plan prepared by iris . we will talk about further progress during our conf . call on wednesday . > 
2	Subject: allow us to show you the benefit of shipping via the internet . better prices than going to canada for your medicine . this internet drugstore that can fill all your monthly prescriptions . we stock a wide selection of drugs at value pricing so whether you are looking for skin care products , relief from muscle pain , anxiety relief , or sexual health , we can meet your needs . have a healthy wallet after filling your prescriptions online . great savings provided by buying from our drugstore . licensed professionals provide consultations at no charge to you . convenient online ordering available in the privacy of your own home . our licensed doctor reviews your medical history at no additional charge . don  t pay for those high prices for your prescriptions anymore . we have the price that fits your budget without breaking the bank . now i really can get the pain meds i need quickly . don ' t need to wait for a long time and pay heaps more now . cool ! - - pain killer inside the sevenseat test van all remained quite quiet , even at higher speeds . be aimed almost solely at conservative christians , who are viewed as divisive when they try to force be aimed almost solely at conservative christians , who are viewed as divisive when they try to force chance - poised 7 denominationalist 3 cranic dismast dermatotomy  
2	Subject: payroll distribution notice a delay has been experienced in the receipt of payroll direct deposit advices for today ' s payday . your payroll direct deposit advice will be available on monday afternoon . to view your pay information today , please utilize ehronline . please be assured that this delay did not impact the deposit of funds into your bank account . if you have any questions or can not access the ehronline , please contact payroll at 713 - 345 - 5555 . adr 
2	Subject: paliourg , premium meedication for you ! i ' m sure it will come off : ) acting is a matter of giving away secrets . paliourg , looking for a site to purchase medicatirown ? greatest viagnrla and cialgzis . quick weight ( karyogamic inert ) loss and anti - depressant medicatiloon ! best cost on valiuigm and xanaufx . exceptional deals , 80 pceernt off ! we ship wolrdwideyour easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / www . willedxy . com / dl 3 / index . php ? id  dl 3 you are totally anonymous ! it is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness . the fairest thing in nature , a flower , still has its roots in earth and manure . 
2	Subject: michael catanese vince , mr . catanese is not ready yet . his statistics is rusty , and he only finishes 11 chapters of john hull ( 18 chapters are minimal to be serious ) . zimin 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 981295 hungerford grain company daren : on 6 / 16 / 99 , hpl recorded flow of 10 mmbtus from hpl ' s pipeline . the gas measurement dept . verified the accuracy of this flow . no deals were place for the month prior or the month after . currently , this volume is being recorded to hpl ' s strangers gas contract . logistics needs approval to write - off this volumes to unaccounted for gas loss . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . approval to write - off the volume to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: agenda for ferc meeting re : eol fyi . here is our agenda for the ferc staff that is coming to houston to visit next monday . please call if you have any questions . jim - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 06 / 07 / 2001 07 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : christi l nicolay @ ect on 06 / 06 / 2001 05 : 27 pm to : marvin . rosenberg @ ferc . fed . us cc : ( bcc : james d steffes / na / enron ) subject : agenda for enrononline meeting marvin - - we look forward to your visit . agenda for meeting at enron monday , june 11 12 : 15 : ferc team arrives at enron 1400 smith street come to the front desk - - sarah novosel ( senior director , federal regulatory affairs ) and christi nicolay ( senior director , power trading , federal regulatory affairs ) will be waiting to meet you and sign you in with security 12 : 30 - 1 : 30 lunch with christi nicolay , sarah novosel , jim steffes ( vice president , government affairs ) 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 presentation by dave forster , vice president , enrononline 2 : 30 - 3 : 00 tour of power trading floor with meeting and demonstration of trading activities with kevin presto , vice president 3 : 00 - 3 : 30 tour of gas trading floor with meeting and demonstration of trading activities with phillip allen , managing director , west gas trading 3 : 30 - 4 : 00 wrap up 
2	Subject: presenting mortgages with ease presenting mortgages with ease for more info chopin cheekbone edison colt chevrolet backwood hydroelectric bedridden niece sesame cyprian parallax crossbar approximable sidewise hydrochloride marketwise countdown jeannie bessie degas calibrate brakeman sufficient natalie bialystok godkin thesaurus corduroy channel extradite mumble moslem snyaptic carroll nuclear yip seamstress inclusive tuttle conjugacy ternary hereafter thatch aberdeen parrish wholesome chianti blustery alleyway bouquet holly sylow carcass cretinous mercantile primal gustave patchwork chine frostbitten rack sideman fallible beseech metamorphose pocono swigging bray woodard alumnae appian agreeing ague combatted homogeneity astonish bread sop toastmaster junk impenetrable nadia cinema hungary reptile fullerton turvy deport chop abash harsh playroom allyn toad flank belle spokesmen savage danube shorten makeup enthusiast guanine role delete gymnastic benny applejack epiphysis homestead combinator edelweiss lilac setback squaw doria quartermaster lobotomy memorandum tuba shopworn administer catatonia judaism saviour tensile baltic chimique declassify repel dialect angles handhold litmus polarography  
2	Subject: re : my son vince , i left a message with one of yaron ' s roommates on thursday afternoon for him to call asap for an interview on sunday . i guess he took the wrong number down but i do not understand this because the roommate read the number back to me and it was correct . when i did not hear from yaron i called on friday and left a voice mail with my cell and office numbers . i still did not hear from him and called again yesterday morning . i finally received a call at 4 pm yesterday but by that time my team and myself were half way back to houston . sorry it did not work out . i have a call into charlene jackson as to how she wants me to proceed and i will get back with you . kristin vince j kaminski @ ect 11 / 01 / 2000 08 : 40 am to : john goodpasture / ots / enron @ enron , kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : my son fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 01 / 2000 08 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shmuel oren " on 10 / 31 / 2000 02 : 27 : 18 pm to : cc : subject : my son vince apparently the recruiter spoke to one of my son ' s roommates and left a phone number ( 713 ) 343 - 3214 which he tried several times and got busy signals . today she called just before you called me and left her cellphone number but he was in classes all morning and got the message in the afternoon . i really appreciate your going out of your ? way to help . perhaps there will be another opportunity . ? shmuel ? 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122612 . txt 
2	Subject: eol data , july 17 , 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 17 / 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 17 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 1 , 785 , 800 112 epmi long term california 3 , 334 , 658 48 epmi long term northwest 1 , 804 , 025 83 epmi long term northwest 18 , 768 , 020 173 epmi long term southwest 2 , 931 , 750 189 epmi long term southwest 11 , 670 , 616 228 epmi short term california 587 , 800 817 epmi short term california 970 , 169 475 epmi short term northwest 287 , 800 541 epmi short term northwest 252 , 188 305 epmi short term southwest 562 , 400 610 epmi short term southwest 1 , 262 , 017 516 grand total 7 , 959 , 575 2 , 352 grand total 36 , 257 , 668 1 , 745 eol deals from : 7 / 17 / 2001 to : 7 / 17 / 2001 enpower from : 7 / 17 / 2001 to : 7 / 17 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 198 , 400 15 epmi long term california 284 , 400 10 epmi long term northwest 219 , 800 12 epmi long term northwest 964 , 506 17 epmi long term southwest 430 , 400 15 epmi long term southwest 2 , 669 , 930 41 epmi short term california 75 , 576 95 epmi short term california 30 , 078 31 epmi short term northwest 17 , 400 49 epmi short term northwest 20 , 576 26 epmi short term southwest 47 , 000 59 epmi short term southwest 79 , 604 51 grand total 988 , 576 245 grand total 4 , 049 , 094 176 ice volumes from : 7 / 17 / 2001 to : 7 / 17 / 2001 delivery point epmi mwh total mwh price mid c ( op , next day ) 400 400 $ 23 . 00 mid c ( p , next day ) 1 , 200 0 $ 37 . 50 mid c ( p , q 4 01 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 65 . 00 palo ( op , next day ) 200 200 $ 19 . 00 palo ( p , next day ) 5 , 600 1 , 200 $ 45 . 45 palo ( p , bal month ) 35 , 200 8 , 800 $ 59 . 10 palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 61 , 600 61 , 600 $ 76 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 200 0 $ 20 . 71 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 10 , 400 0 $ 40 . 84 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 3 , 400 0 $ 28 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 35 , 200 0 $ 50 . 75 sp - 15 ( p , augol ) 10 , 800 0 $ 70 . 50 sp - 15 ( op , augol ) 7 , 800 7 , 800 $ 41 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , sepol ) 9 , 600 0 $ 62 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , cal 03 ) 122 , 800 122 , 800 $ 43 . 60 sp - 15 ( p , q 4 01 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 51 . 00 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 200 0 $ 26 . 00 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 0 $ 41 . 63 np - 15 ( op , sep 01 ) 8 , 400 8 , 400 $ 47 . 00 grand total 377 , 600 211 , 200 $ 825 . 58 
2	Subject: california update - - 0717 . 01 fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven j kean / na / enron on 07 / 18 / 2001 07 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jeff dasovich on 07 / 17 / 2001 07 : 31 pm sent by : jeff dasovich to : skean @ enron . com , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , susan j mara / na / enron @ enron , harry kingerski / enron @ enronxgate , leslie lawner / enron @ enronxgate , michael tribolet / enron @ enronxgate , kristin walsh / enron @ enronxgate , karen denne / enron @ enronxgate , mpalmer @ enron . com , janel guerrero / enron @ enronxgate , paul kaufman / enron @ enronxgate , susan m landwehr / enron @ enronxgate , linda robertson / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : california update - - 0717 . 01 what people know : hertzberg ( et al ' s ) bill ( 82 xx ) was heard in an " informational " hearing today and still sits in the assembly energy committee . it will be heard again tomorrow ( perhaps beginning at 10 am ) , at which time parties will have a chance to support / oppose and ask for amendments . most , including us , oppose unless significantly amended . the wright ( d ) - richman ( r ) bill ( 83 xx ) was heard in an " informational " hearing today and still sits in the assembly energy committee . it will be heard again tomorrow , at which time parties will have a chance to support / oppose and ask for amendments . from our perspective , this is the best bill out there yet , though it still has serious problems - - - it isn ' t available electronically yet , but should be tomorrow , and i ' ll distribute then . the chances of the joint d - r bill being successful are slim , however , since it ' s up against the speakers competing bill . there is talk that the speaker will try to negotiate with wright / richman tonight and include any agreement in his bill ( 82 xx ) . the original version of the governor ' s mou bill sits in the senate . most believe that burton will put it up for a vote this week and it will fail . the senate ' s version of the mou ( sher - peace - kuehl ) ( 78 xx ) came out today . it will likely be heard in the committee tomorrow or the next day . notably , it kills direct access completely and makes edison shareholders responsible for that portion of edison ' s debt owed to suppliers . in short , a very bad bill . burton ' s 18 xx , which would de - link the bond issuance ( to pay back the general fund ) from the dwr contracts is likely to pass the senate tomorrow or the next day . many - - including enron - - support the bill ( though we are supporting it behind the scenes ) . what people don ' t know : whether there ' s the time or the will in the assembly and senate to achieve by friday a single , comprehensive bill that can be sent to the governor for his signature . whether the legislature would postpone its month - long recess if the legislature hasn ' t finished a bill by friday ( most folks think they will not postpone ) . whether it ' s true that , irrespective of the energy issue , the legislature will fail to get the budget completed by friday and therefore have to postpone their recess anyway , in which case they might continue to work on the energy legislation at the same time . odds - makers still say it ' s better than 50 - 50 that the legislature does not get the edison bills done by friday and leaves on on its 30 - day vacation . best , jeff sacramento is one goofy place . 
2	Subject: el paso no sign of chuck and not responding to messages . team is bradford and carol st clair on master netting agreement . joel ephross on issues reacquiring economic interests / swaps from jedi 2 / whitewing . lisa mellencamp on any issues regarding pending litigation . i ' m still running point until i find ward . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: re : i would like to help , but i am in kansas hunting pheasant during the last week in december . vince j kaminski 18 / 12 / 2000 15 : 46 to : debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect subject : i am asking molly magee , our hr rep , to set up an interview for iris mack with , depending on your availability between christmas and new year . iris was interviewed by a number of my associates for a position with the research group and my objective is to introduce her to a number of enron units that she may eventually support . i shall appreciate your comments . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: new unify transaction / volume count reports - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by donna greif / hou / ect on 05 / 09 / 2000 04 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : dave nommensen 05 / 09 / 2000 12 : 13 pm to : donna greif / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new unify transaction / volume count reports fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dave nommensen / hou / ect on 05 / 09 / 2000 12 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : dave nommensen 05 / 09 / 2000 08 : 24 am to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , diane h cook / hou / ect @ ect , shari mao / hou / ect @ ect cc : benedicta tung / hou / ect @ ect subject : new unify transaction / volume count reports these 2 new reports are now available in start / programs / trading / unify ( gas - reporting ) . this password should be the same as your unify ( gas ) password . go to path manager / report / general report selection / path manager . the two new reports are monthly transaction counts and monthly volume counts . enjoy , d . n . 
2	Subject: expense please notify me if you have any outstanding items that should be expensed . all invoices ( mobile , pager , etc . ) and travel arrangements should be passed on to me as well . many thanks , barbara lewis x 35085 ( bl / 635 ) 
2	Subject: today : 2000 united way kickoff today is a very exciting day at enron as we officially kick off the 2000 united way campaign ,  & who wants to help millions ?  8 while we  , ve tested your physical stamina the last couple of years with our basketball themed kick - offs , this year we thought we  , d test your intellectual curiosity with our own version of abc  , s  & who wants to be a millionaire ?  8 we strongly encourage all of you to attend today  , s campaign kick - off at the hyatt regency  , s imperial ballroom followed by a free chick fil a lunch in antioch park . the kick - off begins promptly at 11 : 15 a . m . and seating will be on a first - come first - serve basis , so be sure to arrive early for a seat in your reserved business unit section . in case of rain , please see rain plan below . you will have a chance to see many of your co - workers take a chance in the  & hot seat ,  8 all while raising funds for the united way of the texas gulf coast . jeff skilling , joe sutton and i , along with united way  , s jackie martin , and curt mooney from depelchin children  , s center will even serve as lifelines , and houston  , s own regis  ) abc channel 13  , s don nelson , will host the event . if you are unable to get a seat in the hyatt studio audiences , we have arranged for alternate viewing options : ? enron lobby tv ? ip - tv on your desktop , in the start menu under programs we have added an exciting element to pledging this year , an electronic pledging system . please click on the united way link http : / / unitedway . enron . com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape and type in unitedway . enron . com in the address field . either option should take you to enron  , s united way 2000 campaign site where you should be able to make your pledge within minutes . we are happy to report that last year , employees generously donated $ 2 . 2 million to the campaign . this year , we hope to reach our employee goal of $ 2 . 3 million . thank you in advance for your generosity , and we look forward to seeing you at 11 : 15 a . m . ken rain plan : alternate routes to the hyatt : please utilize the tunnel system which can be accessed via the escalators leading to the body shop . the tunnel walk to the hyatt should take you 5 minutes . alternate lunch plan if raining in antioch park : lunch will be served under the overhang just outside the enron building on andrews street . 
2	Subject: weekly deal report attched is the weekly deal report from 8 / 30 / 01 - 9 / 05 / 01 . services deals are in red text . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: " content - type : text / plain ; charset  " us - ascii " ; format  flowed content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit subject : [ sa ] drive everywhere sender : spamassassin - sightings - admin @ example . sourceforge . net errors - to : spamassassin - sightings - admin @ example . sourceforge . net x - beenthere : spamassassin - sightings @ example . sourceforge . net x - mailman - version : 2 . 0 . 9 - sf . net precedence : bulk list - help : list - post : list - subscribe : , list - id : list - unsubscribe : , list - archive : x - original - date : mon , 10 jun 2002 09 : 36 : 57 + 0900 date : mon , 10 jun 2002 09 : 36 : 57 + 0900 international driver ' s license need a new driver ' s license ? too many points or other trouble ? want a license that can never be suspended or revoked ? want an id for nightclubs or hotel check - in ? avoid tickets , fines , and mandatory driver ' s education . protect your privacy , and hide your identity . the united nations gave you the privilege to drive freely throughout the world ! ( convention on international road traffic of september 19 , 1949 & world court decision , the hague , netherlands , january 21 , 1958 ) take advantage of your rights . order a valid international driver ' s license that can never be suspended or revoked . confidentiality assured . call now ! ! ! 1 - 770 - 908 - 3949 we await your call seven days a week , 24 hours a day , including sundays and holidays . spel don ' t miss the 2002 sprint pcs application developer ' s conference august 25 - 28 in las vegas - http : / / devcon . sprintpcs . com / adp / index . cfm ? source  osdntextlink spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerful marketing tools will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: free big cock in pussy click here to be removed  
2	Subject: online education at its best !  
2	Subject: fw : station 2 maintenance fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoolcraft , darrell sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 7 : 18 am to : jolly , rich ; roensch , david ; watson , kimberly ; pribble , dan ; dl - ets gas controllers ; giambrone , laura ; hernandez , bert ; kowalke , terry ; mcevoy , christine ; miller , beverly ; miller , chris l ; minter , tracy ; mulligan , amy ; ward , linda subject : station 2 maintenance the attached was posted to the transwestern ' s web site . kim would you distribute to your group . thanks ds 
2	Subject: re [ 6 ] : letter about his warez mult gua msof re ! ilan geoe twa nonee it 2 - ksforc very ! dtowa 3 wee ddeli avai dia nloa bleforimme tedow d cli etoge sho . e lea ckher tfre . mrel ses fro ldkno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado eland ofothe mwor wnbra ros ant be , cor lot rs ! dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! jqgtgrgmfqrftjtupstmtj  
2	Subject: he ' s gone for the night you ' ve got to check out my new site ; somebody taught me how to upload them last nite ; im pretty new at this but check em out and see what u think ! pics are here ! just copy and pa ste the addr . ess below into your browser to visit us . http : / / www . zagapony . com plz no more http : / / www . zagapony . com / getofflist / biennial eden astral cony goodrich deify turnabout romp soap mercenary catsup . train cholinesterase paschal troublesome rhode crete levis saloonkeeper bray . fashion .  
2	Subject: peace tree designs : creating extraordinary art for ordinary items ! peace tree design creates products to enhance your daily experience by putting extraordinary art on items you use everyday . original and abstract designs of suns , moons , meteors , eyes , mandalas , and flowers on journals , mouse pads , bags , and clocks make them distinctive and you stand out . peace tree design will also create a custom design or logo for an event ( kid ' s birthday , company function , family reunion ) or for your organization .  
2	Subject: fwd : direct marketing is working 16889 there is no stumbling on to it ! the greatest way of marketing this century is undoubtedly direct e - mail . it ' s similar to the postman delivering a letter to your mailbox . the ability to promote your product , service , website , or mlm / network marketing opportunity to millions instantly is what advertisers have been dreaming of for over 100 years . we e - mail your one page promotion to a list of our general addresses . the greatest part is , it ' s completely affordable . e - mail marketing is the answer ! how do we know ? we know because that ' s exactly what we do . it ' s a proven fact that you can attract new business through direct e - mail marketing . the profits that e - mail advertising generate are amazing ! we are living proof . we are a direct e - mail internet advertising company and our clients pay us thousands of dollars a week to e - mail their products and services . we don ' t want any one spending thousands on a direct email marketing campane with out testing the market to see how it works . standard pricing and procedures extracting : our list of general internet addreses are actually extracted from the most popular web sites on the internet . the addresses are verified and run through our purification process . the process includes addresses run against our custom remove filter of 2 , 492 keywords , as well as through our 192 mb remove / flamer list . the edu , org , gov , mil , and us domains are removed , as well as other domains that asked not to receive e - mail . evaluation : $ 350 . 00 ( optional ) one of our marketing specialists will evaluate your sales letter , and offer his / her expertise on how to make it the most successful . standard pricing : ( emails delivered ) 1 million - $ 700 . 00 per 2 million - $ 600 . 00 per 3 million - $ 500 . 00 per 4 million & up - $ 400 . 00 per special offer ! this introductory offer of $ 300 . 00 includes : 1 . set - up fee 2 . evaluation of sales letter 3 . 500 , 000 e - mails delivered payment policy : all services must be paid in full prior to delivery of advertisement . notice : absolutely no threatening or questionable materials . if you are serious about direct > > email > > marketing > > - - fax the following to ( 602 ) 392 - 8288 please fill this form out completely ! contact name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ business name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ # years in business : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ business type : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state : _ _ _ _ _ _ zip : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phone : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ fax : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > > > > - > > to get out from our email database send an email to mailto : publicservicel @ btamail . net . cn 
2	Subject: inexpen , sive relief meds sold here hi again , we now have over 94 meds available online now ! we are having specials on xanax , vlagra , soma , amblen and vallum free clalls with every order more lnfo here  
2	Subject: sexual frustrated ? ? try vi % agra sa . ve 7 . 0 . % on r . x medicat . ion today ! orde . r all your r . x med . ication directly from fd . a - approved manufacturers in india . over 60 product . s to choose from . sav . e up to 7 . 0 . % on your r . x drug . s . average shi . pping from india takes 2 - 4 weeks . however our pr . ices and quality make it worth the wait . all pac . kages are ship . ped discreetly by airmail w . orldwide . choose your medicat . ion , point , click , o . rder and you ' re done . your medicat . ion is on it ' s way . no prescript . ion required ! click here now ! re . move 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - enron actuals for may 11 , 2000 correct numbers are teco tap 100 . 833 / hpl iferc to : daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , crodrig @ ect . enron . com , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , gary green / texas utilities @ tu , ken english / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , ami _ chokshi @ enron . com , gary _ hanks @ ect . enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com cc : subject : enron actuals for may 11 , 2000 teco tap 103 . 750 / hpl iferc texoma 30 . 000 / enron ls hpl - katy 12 . 000 / enron ls teco katy 8 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: hello from enron dear dr . mcmullen , a few weeks ago i received a call from your university regarding employment opportunities at enron . i called back and summarized the needs of my group ( an ideal profile of a candidate ) : 1 . mathematical finance 2 . computer programming ( c , c + + ) 3 . understanding of the energy markets i shall appreciate any information about potential candidates . i have also given some other suggestions regarding potential opportunities for graduates with different profiles . please , feel free to call me . my number is 713 853 3848 . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: critical spyware warning - november 13 th wired magazine : system comparison wlnd _ 0 ws pro + of _ flce pro - 80 doiiar wlnd _ 0 ws - 50 doiiar full survey : http : / / gang . iddbbbfk . info / ? bkdg 7 mbpffcnrpbcarruthers belying weinbergcontention della poodlethirteen recent specific clancosgrove improve aaadrizzle gladys ectodermistanbul burtt agwayfever diary chiefextoller depot daleydirectrix 
2	Subject: enron alp dear alp company representatives : thank you again for your participation in the alp company day at rice university . we are pleased to inform you that your project proposal has been chosen for the 2001 alp program . the following students will be working on your project : calabrese , luigi ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? luigical @ rice . edu ghose , ivy ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ghosei @ rice . edu ghosh , ronnie ? ? ? ghoshr @ rice . edu iqbal , syed ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? iqbal @ rice . edu sud , pravas ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? pravas @ rice . edu womack , charles ? cwomack @ rice . edu the faculty liaisons for your project are : barrett , deborah ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? barrett @ rice . edu uecker , will ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? uecker @ rice . edu loughridge , dennis ? ? ? ? ? ? loughrid @ rice . edu a representative from the student team will contact you soon to set up a meeting time . if you need to contact your team , i have included the students ' email addresses . they check their email on a regular basis , so this is a good way to communicate with them . please let me know if you have any questions regarding this information . again , thank you for your interest in the jones school . best wishes for a great project ! carrie chamberlin miller director of mba program rice university 6100 main street , ms 531 houston , texas 77005 - 1892 phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 5260 fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251 e - mail : cmiller @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs / pamela castro mba program associate rice university phone : 713 - 348 - 6223 fax : 713 - 348 - 5251 e - mail : castro @ rice . edu 
2	Subject: the best place to buy viagra online at the best viagra price . feeling better is just a click away . the multitude of books is making us ignorant . a closed mouth gathers no feet . we are the music makers , and we are the dreamers of dreams . 
2	Subject: meter # 9842 daren , mike in gas control called and said meter # 9842 is flooded and has not flowed in a couple of days . the field tech said it will probably be a few days before it resumes . do you want the nom adjusted ? it is at 8 , 034 . the deal # is 377169 . bob 
2	Subject: osteoarthritis is painful . relax your muscles http : / / www . soakerl 916 tads . com / f 99 / s t o p http : / / www . soakerl 916 tads . com / you fight over who pays the dinner bill .  
2	Subject: 2 nd message - re : dec 2 super saturday interviewer confirmation please see the attached for interviewer information . shelly jones 11 / 28 / 2000 05 : 54 pm to : scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , tim mckone / corp / enron @ enron , richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications , brandon neff / hou / ees @ ees , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , guido caranti / enron _ development @ enron _ development , robert bailey / hou / ees @ ees , dixie yeck / enron communications @ enron communications , cheryl lipshutz / hou / ect @ ect , john godbold / hou / ect @ ect , chuck randall / hou / ees @ ees , michelle juden / hou / ees @ ees , mark reese / hou / ees @ ees , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , sarah wesner / corp / enron @ enron , sylvia barnes / hou / ees @ ees , kirk neuner / enron communications @ enron communications , mari capestany / hou / ees @ ees , wayne perry / enron _ development @ enron _ development , john neslage / enron _ development @ enron _ development , fred lagrasta / hou / ect @ ect , bani arora / hou / ees @ ees , jonathan risch / hou / ees @ ees , heather kroll / hou / ect @ ect , brad romine / na / enron @ enron , julia kazibwe / hou / ees @ ees , thomas rich / fgt / enron @ enron , mark smith / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kathy m lynn / corp / enron @ enron , stephen stenhouse / enron communications @ enron communications , jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect , jim meyn / na / enron @ enron , donald reid / enron @ gateway , ken gustafson / hou / ees @ ees , daniel reck / hou / ect @ ect cc : sue foust / hou / ect @ ect , rebecca serwin / corp / enron @ enron , crissy collett / enron communications @ enron communications , sonia guerra / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mary lou browder / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mary lou browder / enron _ development @ enron _ development , adriana cortes / hou / ect @ ect , leticia botello / hou / ees @ ees , paula pierre / enron communications @ enron communications , theresa davis / hou / ect @ ect , kelly lacalli / hou / ees @ ees , lily guerra / hou / ees @ ees , lucy marshall / enron communications @ enron communications , amy rios / hou / ect @ ect , karen street / hou / ees @ ees , cindy long / corp / enron @ enron , becky young / na / enron @ enron , marcia a linton / na / enron @ enron , claudette harvey / hou / ect @ ect , brenda flores - cuellar / na / enron @ enron , valerie villareal / hou / ees @ ees , becky young / na / enron @ enron , amy flores / corp / enron @ enron , sally slaughter / enron communications @ enron communications , donna baker / hou / ect @ ect , chaun roberts / na / enron @ enron , terri bachand / enron communications @ enron communications , angie collins / hou / ect @ ect subject : dec 2 super saturday interviewer confirmation please see the attached . this is a confirmation for saturday interviews only . if you volunteered for friday night dinner as well , notification will be sent via email by end of work day wednesday regarding your friday night dinner participation . please feel free to contact me with any questions . thank you shelly jones ext . 3 - 0943 
2	Subject: coeds gone crazy click here to be removed  
2	Subject: hsr and the top 50 customers tomorrow re : the hsr waiting period issue : we can proceed with our plans , but all correspondence will be handled through the ubs call center in connecticut . i plan to start doing this tommorrow morning , assuming we get the connecticut fax and phone numbers tonight . detailed changes : - fax number will be in connecticut , and will roll to here . - connecticut call center person will answer any help desk calls , which will then be transferred here . - connecticut call center will send pa faxes in accordance with instructions from here . - cover letter will have ubs letterhead , but will be unsigned and will specify connecticut numbers - splash page will be modified to show connecticut numbers - once we reach closing date , the numbers will be permanently forwarded to here . - all future correspondence ( and the bulk mailings ) will specify the houston number the concern is that during the waiting period , we need for ubs people to represent ubs interests on all official correspondence with customers . please call me if you have any concerns . i plan to put out the revised splash page and start the top 50 marketing efforts at about 10 : 00 am tomorrow morning . dave 
2	Subject: herbal viagra 30 day trial . . . exit list instructions ajrule 
2	Subject: touch his dosage how did it go on thursday ? take control of your troubles click now http : / / superchapviagra . com / ? cid - vug _ txtol take care eldon flanagan phone : 188 - 533 - 1692 mobile : 612 - 521 - 1479 email : lnlydwnoimhtlr @ ceoexpress . com q _ u _ i ' t http : / / superchapultram . com / emover . php 
2	Subject: level 2 top market performers itec environmental group , inc . ( otcbb : itec ) research partnership with honeywe | | fm & t , itec has deveioped and successfuliy commerciaiized a revoiutionary new system for the recyciing of plastic containers . ( source : news 3 / 4 / 05 ) current price : o . 16 while past performance is ne ver indicative of future results , price and volume have dramaticaliy picked up in march . wi | | this trend continue ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . reasons to consider itec : ( source : recent press releases ) 1 ) itec environmental group , inc . projects continued growth and increased revenue in connection with h . muehlstein agreement and commitments from plastic recycling corp . of caiifornia - the plastic recycling corp . of caiifornia ( prcc ) has committed to make avaiiable to itec up to 100 miilion pounds of materia | per year . upon the successful compietion of the first plant , the company believes it wiil seil approximately 12 mi | | ion pounds of pet and hdpe fiake , generating approximateiy $ 8 miilion in revenues during its first year of operation , ebitda of approximately $ 1 miilion and a gross profit margin of 12 % . 2 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . enters into letter of intent to acquire rose waste systems , inc . - an 18 - year - old engineering and saies company with anticipated revenues in 2005 of at least $ 7 mi | | ion , in exchange for 1 , oo 0 , ooo shares of common stock of itec . 3 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . enters into agency agreement with h . muehlstein & co . , inc . , for saies of itec ' s pet and hdpe - h . muehistein wil | act as itec ' s exciusive agent for the purchase and saie annualiy of up to 6 o miliion pounds of itec ' s pet flake and post - consumer hdpe natural fiake and pellets in the united states and canada . 4 ) itec environmental group , inc . announces intention to raise capital to buiid two facilities for the production of pet and hdpe fiake - the company is seeking to raise $ 10 mi | | ion to expand its operations through the creation of two new facilities in caiifornia . the plants wil | be used by itec to remove a | | contaminants , dirt , | abeis and odors from ail major types of recyclabie piastics using its demonstrated eco 2 ( tm ) system , which system produces the highest value clean , marketable plastic flakes used as raw materiais to create new piastic products . 5 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . announces successfu | recapitalization - gary de laurentiis , itec ' s chief executive officer , said , " we beiieve the recapitaiization will create greater interest among professiona | investors and institutions and are optimistic itec could secure up to $ 5 million in financing during ql of 2 oo 5 . " about itec ( source : news march 4 , 2005 ) itec environmenta | group offers solutions to pressing environmenta | probiems faced by pubiic agencies and private entities invoived in the recycling of piastics . in a research partnership with honeywe | | fm & t , itec has developed and successfully commercialized a revolutionary new system for the recycling of piastic containers . its proprietary eco 2 ( tm ) system costs 30 % less to operate , uses no water , removes al | contaminates and odors from the finished flake , is ciosed - loop and thus non - po | | uting , and produces no toxic by - products . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please watch this one trade . good luck and succesfu | trading . . . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . these factors include : a large accumulated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a going concern opinion from its auditor , a nomina | cash position , a note receivable from an officer , advances from officers to pay expenses , no revenue in its most recent quarter and a limited operating history . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other factors inciude general economic and business conditions , the abiiity to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which the company has | ittie or no control . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered in - vestment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to sec fiiings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 33 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: paliourg low rate cons 0 lidation mortgage loan home rates are at thier lowest ever ! let us help you : refinance . . . . . get the right loan consolidate debt . . . . . simplify your life home equity . . . . . increase your spending money new home loans . . . . . realize your dream remove me . . . . . i hate great savings 
2	Subject: goodd offr how to save on your lengthy medlcations over 70 % . ph snaggy armshop - successfull and proven way to sa surcingle ve your saddlefast money . saddlebow v a annulary g a conveyance l thirteen lu survival l r ceremonious a psychology cl i airworthiness s overlaid val collie m andmanyother . bes hurdling t prlces . worldwide shlpp gossamer lng . easy o counterblow rder form . total confidentiaiit president y . 250 , 000 satis cellarage fied customers . order today and sav overweening e ! 
2	Subject: re : nikkei and pko - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leann walton / na / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 10 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : darren delage @ enron on 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 30 pm ze 9 to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : nikkei and pko this information has been most useful ! thank you maureen and please keep me informed of any changes in pko policy , as we are right at levels were everyone is watching for intervention . 
2	Subject: want a nintendo ds ?  
2	Subject: re : ordinarily fine , however ; this was a pre - petition commitment by enron and is not necessarily now a commitment of the estate presuming we get purchased , things should return to normal presuming the buyer honors all these commitment ( that ' s how we have set it up ) . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 8 : 09 am to : oxley , david subject : as you know i have business flights home each year under my contract . as i will be unable to travel to the uk due to the requirement to be in houston over the holidays i intend to use them for my parents , borther and sister - in - law . any difference in the cost i intend to cover or offset against the cheques from expenses which bounced until we can figure out whether enron intends to meet expense payments . 
2	Subject: re : roman , i shall be traveling next week ( europe again ) , mon thru fri . it ' s power 2000 conference in paris . i have many trips to different places later during october ( berkeley , philadelphia , etc . ) . these are shorter , 1 - 2 day trips . please , let me know when you come to houston . i shall keep you posted about my itinerary as it becomes more certain . vince roman kosecki on 09 / 27 / 2000 09 : 08 : 39 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : that is so much easier , isnt it ( i mean english ) my office number inb nj is ( 973 ) 733 - 2771 in cal ( 562 ) 951 - 1790 my home number is ( 201 ) 222 - 0435 i will be in ny till friday , and then will stay in long beach for a few weeks . hope you had a great time in poland . it would be really nice to have some italian pastry and a double espresso : ) let me know when you are in town . roman - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , september 27 , 2000 9 : 07 am to : roman kosecki cc : vkaminski @ aol . com subject : re : roman , i shall type in english ( faster ) . i was trying to locate you for some time after you left scem . i shall be glad to meet for dinner / coffee and chat . please , send me your phone number . i have just come back from poland and go through my mail . i shall try to reach you later this week . vince roman kosecki on 09 / 25 / 2000 12 : 06 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hello vince , nie bardzo wiem czy pisac po polsku czy po angielsku : ) co u ciebie slychac ? u mnie troche zmian jak ze juz nie pracuje w scem , a przenioslem sie do mieco ( a small marubeni backed energy - america trading company ) . bardzo rozne od scem . najbardzij przypomina mi scem na poczatku z joe , jak bylo 20 - 30 osob . sa i minusy i plusy . troche structure i research ale przede wszystkim weather . trrovhe latam miedzy east i west bo sa officy w obydwu miejscach . california jest ok w zimie : ) . na bardziej personalnym froncie ; pamietasz dinner na ktory poszlismy kiedys na conferencji w ny z catherine ( she used to work for williams - works for morgan stanley now ) , we are dating ( for a while ) . it is a good story how we met . so we owe you dinner : ) jak bylem w atlancie to pracowala dla mnie christa grey . bedzie teraz konczyla grad school in international relations ( with eastern european slant ) , i zastanawia sie czy sa jakies mozliwosci polaczenia tego co robila ze " wschodem " . co robila to bylo przede wszystkim vb implementations modeli , ( roznego rodzaju ) , web based data collections , basic research , teraz jest w gas structuring etc . she speaks russian and was in ukraine / poland few times on peace corp assingments . she is very bright and dedicated . myslalem zeby ja zwabic do californii ale ten eastern european pociag jest u niej silniejszy niz u mnie : ) . i have here resume , wiec jak bys myslal ze jest jakis fit i will foreward it to you . troche tak mieszanka pisze , przepraszam bede chyba w houston w pazdzierniku to moze bysmy sie mogli spotkac . latwiej pewnie by bylo w ny ( mieszkam po nj stronie ( rent jest inny niz w atlancie : ) ( 201 ) 222 - 0435 ) , wiec daj mi znac jakbys mial czas i ochote . thanks roman 
2	Subject: want me on top ? 189643322211 put these nasty sluts to the test ! free access ! ! heavy hard and free ! nothing to loose ! ! click here , no membership required ! it ' s free note : 84221111000 
2	Subject: important news hey visioson @ hpp . za . net , download popular programs from our site : get back to you later , eduardo baez i need to get a pedicure . my feet smell and itch . 1 . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: ?ed gillette agleam winchester algenib patton hereditary introit ezra accompaniment quito epigrammatic steuben anastigmatic elaine an divisor tun anise genoa bravery brumidi wrath preface spout waist merck conclusive orifice peppy houghton access measle verbosity sheathe turpentine comparative plagiarism darn cofactor pick jocose resuscitate shorthand avocado triable bema winnipesaukee various jewelry licensable vibrate frock burdensome abutting thiocyanate birdie inimical dupont duma dodecahedral  
2	Subject: re : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company daren , per my e - mail to julie and her reply ( see below ) , can you help me with this ? thanks ! tess - - - - - forwarded by tessie n ray / aepin on 06 / 14 / 01 11 : 44 am - - - - - julie l meyers to : tessie n ray / aepin @ aepin 06 / 14 / 01 10 : 58 cc : am subject : re : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company ( document link : tessie n ray ) i did a search and found no deals for may for this counterparty . call daren farmer at 713 - 853 - 6905 , and he could probably put the deal in for you . ( embedded image moved to file : picl 6827 . pcx ) tessie n ray 06 / 13 / 2001 03 : 44 pm to : julie l meyers / hol / aepin @ aepin cc : elizabeth . hernandez @ enron . com subject : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company ( embedded image moved ( embedded image moved to file : pico 0491 . pcx ) to file : pico 9961 . pcx ) julie - need your help again . . . . d & h gas company , faxed their 05 / 01 volume support for hpl meter 428 ( 980428 ) , whihc reflects ena gas sales to d & h for 5 / 11 / 01 , 143 mmbtu and 5 / 31 / 01 for 286 mmbtu for a total of 429 mmbtu for 05 / 01 . he deal last month ( 04 / 01 ) , was sa - 70120 . i don ' t have see a sales draft under ena or hpl for 05 / 01 sales to d & h , nor do i see any 05 / 01 sales deal under sa - 70120 . can you assist me in finding out if there was a sale to d & h in 05 / 01 , and if so , what is the deal number and where is sales draft ? thanks ! tess - picl 6827 . pcx - pico 9961 . pcx - pico 0491 . pcx 
2	Subject: swift - october 2000 vols f y i - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect on 09 / 26 / 2000 08 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : joan m quick on 09 / 25 / 2000 06 : 01 pm sent by : joan quick to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect , stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : swift - october 2000 vols this is the last month we will be buying this gas ! ! ! ! vpp 1 , 265 mmbtu / d xs 3 , 700 mmbtu / d - - - - - - - - 4 , 965 mmbtu / d 
2	Subject: patricia , unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth . never mistake motion for action . we have to hate our immediate predecessors to get free of their authority .  
2	Subject: post secondary certificates for sale here you still don ' t have a unioversity deogree ? lack of post - graduate education preventing you from getting the better job ? graduate now with a phd and more . . . no more school , just get what you deserve " when they die among themselves , they cover the dead with great heaps of boughs and wood , which is commonly found in the forest . " 4 she takes the material computer as an already established actant as her starting point and focuses on software instead of the machine . her claim depends on the development of graphical user interfaces that made the change possible from modern to post - mode which l?vy claimed could lead to a collective intelligence . in artificial life was able to suck the air out of the globe whereby the objects inside could be manipulated without opening the globe . boyle in this way succeeded in experimentally creating a vacuum leaving us in the realm of nature - culture hybrids . this thesis will explore different realms of cyberculture by the investigations herein detailed , it became [ 30 ] evident that the old chimpanzee acquired a size and aspect as different from those of the young known to tyson , to buffon , and to traill , as those of the old orang from the young orang ; and the subsequent very important researches of messrs . savage and wyman , the american missionary and anatomist , have not only confirmed this conclusion , but have added many new detailsl 4 no matter how complicated could represent the complexity of the whole numbers : 0 the interesting from our non - modern point of view but to be part of them you will need more than everyday computer skills . this leads me to ask the question if we are going to see the end of corporations such as microsoft through systems as gnutella ? to this i think the answer is no . sure 8 ) . turkle wants to warn us of the dangers of the postmodern culture she claims we are part of leaving his opponent thomas hobbes mainly out of the discussion . hobbes contribution to the dispute was arguing against the creation of an authority that would undermine the king ' s position of power arguing from a social point of view that the state and k for example , the second chapter of purchas ' work , which i have just quoted , contains " a description and historicall declaration of the golden kingdom of guinea , & c . & c . translated from the dutch , and compared also with the latin , " wherein it is stated ( p . 986 ) that ?  
2	Subject: re : ios capacity posting posted 8 / 1 / 00 toby christine stokes 08 / 01 / 2000 02 : 34 pm to : toby kuehl / et & s / enron @ enron cc : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron subject : ios capacity posting toby - please post the provided capacity award posting immediately for a one week time period . thanks . legal has signed off on the format . 
2	Subject: viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . feeling better is just a click away . be true to your work , your word , and your friend . money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul . life shrinks or expands in proportion to one ' s courage . dancing is a contact sport . football is a hitting sport . 
2	Subject: the following budget review meetings have been set with ken lay , greg whalley and mark frevert . please confirm your attendance and send a list of attendees for your respective meetings . oct . 22 1 : 00 - 3 : 00 enron north america oct . 24 8 : 30 - 10 : 30 enron europe oct . 24 10 : 30 - 12 : 30 enron global markets / industrial markets nov . 5 1 : 00 - 3 : 00 ebs / other wholesale nov . 5 3 : 00 - 5 : 00 enron energy services nov . 8 1 : 00 - 3 : 00 egas nov . 8 3 : 00 - 5 : 00 ets pge all meetings are currently scheduled in 50 m dining north america john lavorato louise kitchen wes colwell europe ( kerry , does this meeting need to be a video conference ? ) john sherriff michael brown fernley dyson global markets / industrial markets mike mcconnell jeff shankman brent price jeff mcmahon ray bowen kent castleman ebs & other ews jim fallon david cox wes colwell greg piper sally beck mark pickering ees dave delainey janet dietrich wade stubblefield egas stan horton jim hughes jeff sommers ets & pge stan horton rod hayslett 
2	Subject: re : could i please have my passwords for dynegydirect user id : lkitchen password : enronl ( case sensitive ) ice user id : lkitchen password : lot 88 map ( lower case ) tradespark user id : lkitchen password : raven 55 let me know if you need anything else - sheri louise kitchen 03 / 19 / 2001 10 : 51 am to : sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : could i please have my passwords for ice dynegy direct tradespark thanks 
2	Subject: final isda collateral support annexes enclosed are clean and marked final versions of the one way and two way schedules to the isda csa carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fresh 6 - 15 old are faces from private unique studio try let us live for the beauty of our own reality . darlin ! : ) professional pictures send featuring the most beautiful , most sensual , most provide tempting pre teen girls ever cut out all these exclamation points . an exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke . they are so pinksome virgin and innocent so young 5 - 15 y . o if you find yourself further from god than you were yesterday , you can be sure who has moved . golden collection : : really the most extreme try collections since 1996 happiness is the harvest of a quiet eye . hold your head high , stick your chest out . you can make it . it gets dark sometimes , but morning comes . keep hope alive .  
2	Subject: bandstand generic viagra at $ 1 . 63 no prescription required 100 % safe and secure doctor approved works in less then 15 min free shipping order now ! 
2	Subject: jan 1 noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 12 / 27 / 2000 05 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 12 / 27 / 2000 04 : 00 : 02 pm to : tacton @ enron . com , lbellamy @ enron . com , janet . h . wallis @ enron . com cc : subject : jan 1 noms ( see attached file : hpl - jan . xls ) - hpl - jan . xls 
2	Subject: circle of friends  ) hi my new friend ! do you want to see my photos ? ; ) my best - n a k e d - photos for you ; ) http : / / soninmother . com / home / bye bye . . . write me what you think about me ! elena  
2	Subject: online pharmacy , v i a g r a and other meds . no doctor visit needed - safe , private and easy . i don ' t like emails .  
2	Subject: calling all small stock players world stock report issued for july 28 , 2005 explosive pick for our members - - ! ! ! ! ! ride the stairway to heaven ! ! ! ! good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on stocks that have great potential to move up in price . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! while giving you liquitity . our latest pick is chms . symbol : chms current price : $ . 47 short term 7 day projection : $ 2 . 00 we give it to you again as a gift and this is why . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * china mobility solutions secures extension on quicknet option tuesday july , 12 : 13 pm et vancouver , british columbia , july / prnewswire - firstcall / - - china mobility solutions inc . ( otc bulletin board : chms - news ) is pleased to announce that the deadline for exercising its option to buy the remaining 49 % of quicknet telecommunications corp . ( quicknet ) at a reduced rate has been extended to july 31 , 2005 from june 26 . the extension now gives the company the opportunity to save $ 1 million in acquisition costs up until july 31 , 2005 . china mobility solutions initially acquired 51 % of quicknet in 2004 as a vehicle to rapidly expand its business in china . based in beijing , with nationwide mobile services , quicknet was one of the first providers in china to focus on mobile solutions for business . it has a highly advanced technology platform and enterprise services that include advanced database management , crm and message auditing functionality . about china mobility solutions inc . china mobility solutions ( otc bulletin board : chms - news ) is a leading provider of mobile business solutions to many diverse corporations across china . with its rapidly growing client base of more than 17 , 000 chinese companies and access to a further 500 , 000 companies through its proprietary database , china mobility solutions is well positioned to become one of the largest providers of mobile business solutions in china . the company has proprietary profit - sharing contracts with china ' s largest  - - china mobile , china unicom and china telecom . analysts predict that by 2007 , china will have more than 500 million mobile phones in operation . in 2003 , more than 200 billion text messages were sent through mobile phones in china . remember this is a stong buy recommendation to all our investors disclaimer information within this email contains " for wardlooking stateme nts " within the meaning of sec tion 27 aof the secur ities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecu rities exch ange act of 1934 . any statem ents that express or invo lve discussions with respect to predi ctions , expect ations , beliefs , plans , proje ctions , object ives , goals , ass umptions or future events or performance are not state ments of histor ical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwa rdlooking state ments are based on expectat ions , estimates and proje ctions at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncer tainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently ant icipated . forward look ing stat ements in this action may be iden tified through the use of words such as " proje cts " , " for esee " , " exp ects " , " will , " " anti cipates , " " esti mates , " " belie ves , " understan ds " or that by stat ements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general econ omic and business con ditions , the ab ility to acqu ire and deve lop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and busi ness consum ption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsl etter does not represent that the informa tion contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all infor mation provided within this email pert aining to inves ting , st ocks , securi ties must be under stood as information provi ded and not inves tment advice . the publi sher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscr ibers to seek advice from a reg istered profess ional secur ities repres ntative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of inves tment advice or soli citation . many of these comp anies are on the verge of bank ruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publi sher of this newsletter is not a reg stered invstme nt advis or . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or invest ment advice . in comp liance with the securiti esact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive two hundred fifty thousa nd free trad ing shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affi liate shar eholder for the circul ation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensa tion due to the fact that this is a paid adve rtisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the st ock they will sell at anyt ime without notice . this could have a negat ive impact on the price of the st ock , causing you to lose money . all factual infor mation in this report was gat hered fr om public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and compa ny press rel eases . the publisher of this newsl etter beli eves this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or comple teness . use of the mat rial within this email consti tutes your accepta nce of these terms . 
2	Subject: wellhead desk - new headcount this week , the wellhead desk has done more than 150 deals . we need to discuss adding a headcount ( maybe 2 ) , as originally we were just integrating the book with the daily business . at the current pace , this is no longer an option . bob , will this require an additional headcount for logistics as well ? and , who needs to sign off on this on the commercial side ? thanks for your help , jg 
2	Subject: spot or firm tickets daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 08 / 28 / 2000 03 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 20 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : spot or firm tickets bob , please see the responses below highlighted in red . vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 08 / 24 / 2000 06 : 08 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : spot or firm tickets vance , the following nominations do not have deal tickets in sitara for september , 2000 activity . please advise whether the deals will be spot or firm . daren wants everything in sitara by 3 pm on monday , august 28 . thanks . bob source meter # sept nom type of purchase status ccgm , lp 9840 1 , 000 firm ticket submitted today cross - tex 5467 250 firm requested via e - mail cummins & walker unk 500 firm ( not flowing ) will request spot ticket when well commences to flow dallas production 6789 12 , 519 spot requested via e - mail duke energy trading 6347 206 spot requested via e - mail eex operating 5999 11 , 632 firm ticket submitted today eog resources 4157 76 firm ticket has been submitted under hughes investments hesco gathering 9624 100 firm deal needs to reflect " evergreen " provision ( flag ) hesco gathering 9835 700 firm ( not flowing ) will request spot ticket when well commences to flow ph exploration 6838 94 firm deal was recently rolled into extended term pioneer exploration 2698 1 , 000 firm ( not flowing ) will request spot ticket when well commences to flow pure resources 9830 500 firm ticket submitted today rio vista 6442 609 no longer buying contracted terminated effective 8 / 15 samson lonestar 9845 2 , 886 firm ticket submitted last week swift energy 2630 322 spot requested via e - mail tema oil & gas 4688 1 firm deal needs to reflect " evergreen " provision ( flag ) tri - union develop . 2697 700 firm ( not flowing ) will request spot ticket when well commences to flow whiting petroleum 6523 100 spot requested via e - mail 
2	Subject: better than vmagra hey jkoutsi generic c?alis ( regal?s ) , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . quite a difference . cialis is known as a super - v?agra or weekend - v?agra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here below is for people who dislike adv . . . . . . -   - carpet mira defensible bicameral reflectance atavism scranton avocate programmable acreage abbot spacesuit clatter countermen door mercenary hone radii denotative chile iodate admiral turnstone gogh ft alkaloid bias afoot afferent cleanup centrifugate ember dodo desire hive monocotyledon oilseed satin sylvania seder sorption ingram pretty assimilable tory hoagland bing boost crossbar conferring dukedom cholesterol lingo elaine oxygen arclength pesticide seraglio plastisol bondsmen versa persecutory niggardly person advocate therefrom expletive fredericton rebellion dainty south complaisant teetotal planoconcave antimony deadlock snowfall foliate jewelry aggregate kaskaskia halve israel backwater caldera hatchet earl penetrable garlic row mccauley soggy bisect elusive locale balfour aback hastings p  
2	Subject: duke deliveries to mobil apparently , we inadvertently rolled the duke delivery to mobil refinery into april and gas flowed to mobil via centana from duke april 1 , 2 , and 3 . i understand that there were no tickets entered into sitara to cover that flow , so i have captured the transaction in sitara utilizing the following tickets : # 727481 reflects the hplc purchase from duke on centana ' s pipe april 1 , 2 , 3 total volume estimated to be 21 , 490 mm # 538950 has been updated to show deliveries to mobil refinery off centana ' s pipe for the same time period , same volume # 727497 reflects hplc selling the gas back to duke ( payback ) at the same price it was purchased , a volume of 10 , 000 mm for 4 / 12 , at meter 7001 please let me know if there are any questions . if i ' ve screwed something up , my apologies ! ! 
2	Subject: re : tgp sabine - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by edward d gottlob / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james mckay 01 / 08 / 2001 10 : 39 am to : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tgp sabine fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james mckay / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001 10 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " sanders , layne " on 01 / 08 / 2001 10 : 04 : 53 am to : " weir , gordon r . " cc : " coffey , ryan k . " , " ' james mckay ' " , operations control center subject : re : tgp sabine at this time i would like to keep it at 40 . 0 / day . we will work on trying to take payback . if the nominations to tgp go down from transco at starks then tgp can easily take more from cig at sabine . > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : weir , gordon r . > sent : monday , january 08 , 2001 9 : 36 am > to : sanders , layne > cc : coffey , ryan k . ; ' james mckay ' ; operations control center > subject : tgp sabine > > layne , > cig would like to continue scheduling & delivering gas to tgp at > sabine . this point is good financially for both hpl & cig . cig owes tgp > approximately 60 , 000 at sabine . we would like to work this off over the > next week plus have a 40 , 000 or higher nomination at this point . would > you look at your system to see what adjustments could be made to > accommodate this . advise me of your suggested nomination at this point . > your assistance would be appreciated . > > thank you > gordon this email and any files transmitted with it from el paso energy corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender .  
2	Subject: your way to save on quality pc program discs please have a look here . you take 5 mins only and save hundreds of dolloars possible . the site offers customers more selection on computer program discs . for programs for office administration , operation system , programming , graphic design and processing . if you want to save on computer programs for office administration , operation system , pc diagnostics , finance and graphic design , please check our site for more deals and specials . http : / / www . shortcutoclarity . com / boa / compare the deals offered our discount store . customers can save more on leading computer programs for office administration , operation system , programming , pc diagnostics and finance . even if they transcend national interests . mairead maguire corrigan , at meetings , abbas greetsthe militants with the traditional handshake , followed by three kisses on the cheeks , according 
2	Subject: draft organizational announcement about japan may i please have your comments if any on this draft by close of business wednesday . we hope to have agreed on the q & a ' s by then and to send it out the announcement on thursday . john to be sent to : all enron europe , all employees in japan , all global markets and all vps and up around the company enron has established several wholesale businesses in japan in the last year including metals , power plant development ( via our investment in encom ) , coal , lng & weather . though japan continues to make progress towards a liberalized electricity market , significant barriers to power trading remain under the current interim market structure . until further tangible steps are taken to improve third party access for electricity in japan , we will suspend our power marketing efforts and focus on the significant opportunities that currently exist in our other wholesale businesses . once the necessary regulatory changes have been completed we expect to aggressively pursue enron ' s traditional position as the leading buyer and seller of electricity in every deregulated market . based on these changes joe hirl our president of enron japan will move to the global markets group and lead a team that will focus on developing all our global markets opportunities in japan especially weather , oil , lng , coal , and shipping . we expect to continue our general recruiting of japanese nationals and as president of enron japan , joe will continue to provide the overall business leadership to both recruiting and the analyst and associate program in japan . the finance origination team headed by jeremy thirsk will continue to report to joe and also move to global markets . our power trading group led by morton erik pettersen will transition into other roles around enron . the equity / fx / interest rate team which is a part of global markets has two employees in the tokyo office today and they expect to expand their efforts throughout the year . the encom group , which is our power plant development business ( with minority partners ) and headed by carey sloan will continue its efforts in developing power plants in japan . we are pleased with the progress we are making on a number of sites and encom will continue to report to the enron europe office of the chairman . our metals team headed by kazunari sugimoto will continue to report through enron metals in london . by may we expect enron credit to have two to three employees in tokyo pursing the credit derivative business . these employees remain in enron credit , a part of enron europe . ebs has two employees headed by jim weisser and this team expects to expand by year end . the industrial markets team also expects to have two employees in the tokyo office in the next couple of months . in the last seven months the commercial support services for japan have been transitioned to london for support and this is not changing . jane mcbride heads the legal team and will continue to functionally report to mark evans , general counsel in london . the rac function will continue to report to ted murphy , head of rac for enron europe . the risk management and accounting team is headed by jan - erland bekeng will continue to functionally report to fernley dyson in london . the it , hr , tax and real estate teams will also continue to functionally report to london . nick o ' day who heads both the public affairs group ( government & regulatory affairs and the public relations ) in japan will report to the enron europe office of the chair with a public relations functional reporting to jackie genle in london and a government affairs functional reporting to rick shappiro in houston . we anticipate that his team ' s efforts will be primarily directed to supporting the encom power plant development team but he will also continue to provide support for global markets , ebs & industrial markets . we have already made considerable progress in breaking into the japanese markets across a wide range of enron businesses and we anticipate that this will be a major profit center for profit growth for years to come . through these current changes we can demonstrate our ability to be flexible and target our resources where they will realise the most immediate value for the company . 
2	Subject: fw : drift expenses drift expense allocation - - - - - original message - - - - - from : myers , thomas sent : wednesday , october 17 , 2001 5 : 57 pm to : killen , faith subject : drift expenses 
2	Subject: first - class quality . economic pricing . quicker effects . safety assurance . i am a repeat buyer of your eshop . i found out . additional varieties . on the site . it ' s really great . - - tiffany m . in nc it is better value . for your greenbacks . we provide medz at specialprices . http : / / 5 x . ra . geturdear . com / uom / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brian @ a . com [ mailto : quinn @ dcmy . com ] sent : thursday , march 4 , 2005 0 : 20 pm to : elvis ; kory @ wgay . com ; jarod ; emilio ; harrison subject : you would hate yourself . if you reject this chance . to reduce expenditures on quality taablets ? inte - rnetpharmacy dedicated a wide variety of generic medicines at ' unbelievable ' prices . our licensed physicians issue gratis prescrip . tion and consultations as a ' plus ' conveniences to you . middle of a wood . it immediately took root , sprouted , and sent out and then elizabeth was happy again . these were her internal persuasions : as to captain wentworth ' s views , she deemed it of more consequence 
2	Subject: stronger and better generic cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . it has benefits over viagra and other ed treatment solutions . - can mix with alcohol with no side effects - will not make you dizzy or blur your vision - works in 15 min compared to 75 min for viagra - lasts 36 hours compared to 2 hours for viagra view it here : http : / / bucketed . net / cs / ? bonsay to stop : http : / / bucketed . net / rm . php ? bonsay  
2	Subject: enhance your anatomy i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here if that is so you probably owe your existence to those laws oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 here , then , i made my home ; and although it is a lonely place i amuse myself making rustles and flutters , and so get along very nicelywhen the braided man had completed this strange tale dorothy nearly laughed , because it was all so absurd ; but the wizard tapped his forehead significantly , to indicate that he thought the poor man was crazy the demon nodded doubtless it was intended that when mankind became intelligent enough and advanced enough to strike the master key , you and all your devices would not only be necessary and acceptable to them , but the world would be prepared for their general use  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , garry  
2	Subject: mirant 4 / 01 we invoiced mirant americas for deal 705989 and they do not see the deal in their system . it was for 5 , 000 / day from 4 / 1 - 4 / 2 at 5 . 10 on pg & e texas . can you tell me who you did this deal with at mirant ? megan 
2	Subject: re : weather and energy price data mulong wang on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 58 : 43 am to : cc : subject : re : weather and energy price data hello , elena : thank you very much for your data . i sent an email to ft but had no response so far . as soon as i got their permission i will let you know . have a great day ! mulong on thu , 19 apr 2001 elena . chilkina @ enron . com wrote : > > mulong , > > please find attached a file with henry hub natural gas prices . the data > starts from 1995 and given on the daily basis , please let us know when we > can proceed with electricity prices . > > sincerely , > elena chilkina > > ( see attached file : henryhub . xls ) > > > > > > > vince j kaminski @ ect > 04 / 16 / 2001 08 : 19 am > > to : mulong wang @ enron > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , > macminnr @ uts . cc . utexas . edu > > subject : re : weather and energy price data ( document link : elena > chilkina ) > > mulong , > > we shall send you natural gas henry hub prices right away . > please look at the last winter and the winter of > 95 / 96 . > > we shall prepare for you the electricity price > information ( cinergy , cobb and palo verde ) but > you have to approach ft ( the publishers of > megawatts daily , a newsletter that produces the price > index we recommend using ) and request the permision > to use the data . we are not allowed to distribute > this information . > > please , explain that this is for academic research and that > we can produce the time series for you , > conditional on the permission from the publishers > of megawatts daily . > > vince kaminski > > > > mulong wang on 04 / 15 / 2001 03 : 43 : 26 am > > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com > cc : richard macminn > subject : weather and energy price data > > > dear dr . kaminski : > > i am a phd candidate under the supervision of drs . richard macminn and > patrick brockett . i am now working on my dissertation which is focused on > the weather derivatives and credit derivatives . > > could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about > the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions ? > > the past winter of 2000 was very cold nationwide , and there may be a > significant price jump for natural gas or electricity . could you > please offer me some energy price data during that time period ? > > your kind assistance will be highly appreciated and have a great day ! > > mulong > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava vince : i don ' t think that you could have summarized the situation any better ! ! ! i will be happy to respond to neil as you suggested . thanks , molly vince j kaminski 01 / 24 / 2001 11 : 02 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava molly , thanks for the update . two points . please , let neil mcgregor know that many possible proposals were floated with regard to anshuman and there was some noise in the system . we need ll visa anyway and we decided to go ahead an arrange it . i shall also write to him and explain the confusion . also , if i have the choice between upsetting neil or jeffs ( shankman and skilling ) , i shall choose neil . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 13 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava vince : apparently neil mcgregor became upset when he received margaret daffin ' s email . he is saying , however , that anshuman will only be in houston for one month , and you had mentioned six months when we spoke earlier . it really doesn ' t make any difference since he will need to get an ll visa under either circumstance , but i thought you might want to see his email . molly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret daffin 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 57 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava molly : per our conversation today . please let me know the status so that i can proceed with the visa process . thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - neil mcgregor @ enron _ development 01 / 24 / 2001 05 : 18 am to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman is not moving or immigrating to the us . we are allowing him to work for a lmonth assignment in the us with enron . please carry out the necessary approvals and visa ' s on this basis . neil mcgregor ceo dabhol power margaret daffin @ ect 01 / 23 / 2001 10 : 31 pm to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire and return it to me with copies of the following documents : a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank copies of all previous us visas issued an updated resume , showing months and years copies of all diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of their passports please send to my attention , via fedex to : enron corp . 3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a 333 clay street houston , tx 77002 please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 . 
2	Subject: esquadrias em promoção ( não responda esse e - mail ) alucom esquadrias de alumínio solicite sua visita gratis , clique aqui , ps . caso não desejar mais receber nossos informativos , favor clicar aqui , que prontamente estaremos removendo seu e - mail de nossa lista . ( caso você não use programas de gerenciadores de e - mail , enviar e - mail para deletaremail @ yahoo . com . br )  
2	Subject: re : deal 34342 daren - thu has asked if i can extend deal 343421 thru feb . ' 01 . i told her i didn ' t have the authority to do this . it is for equistar . it looks like it is a term deal expiring jan . ' 01 . she wants it added to keep the ena deal whole . what do you suggest ? al - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 aimee , this is the deal for equistar . there is not enough gas at meter 1373 to keep the ena deal whole . i need this deal to create buyback . this was out there last month and anita told me to get the deal extended . let me know if there is another way . thu aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 23 am to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 why do you need it extended ? this deal may not be able to get extended . which meter are you having problems with ? to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 aimee , i am so sorry . . . i don ' t know what ' s wrong with me . the deal is 343421 . if you can ' t extend this deal please let me know . thanks thu aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 07 : 59 am to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , juliann kemp / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : deal 34342 i don ' t have access to this ticket . it is an im canada ticket . from : thu t nguyen 03 / 13 / 2001 05 : 45 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : deal 34342 aimee , please extend the deal above to feb 01 .  
2	Subject: hr meeting estalee russi will be in eb 4102 on monday , october 23 , from 9 : 30 - 10 : 30 a . m . , and by the fax center from 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 p . m . , to discuss the following : open enrollment pep system e - hr online please make arrangements to attend one of these sessions . 
2	Subject: re : project vitro review meeting max : i have attached a " technical risk template " that should serve as an outline for the presentation . you may also want to discuss some of the major commercial terms and conditions that are driving schedule , performance , and cost . you don ' t need to address each technical risk item in infinite detail , but we should focus on the key items of scope definition , construction execution , and contractor analysis that can impact value . the objective is to identify what we need to pay attention to as we begin to ramp up the capital expenditure . defining and managing construction risk has become a popular topic given the status of the dabhol and cuiba projects . we also need to take some time to discuss / settle the outstanding ee & cc invoice ( now eeos ) . i would like to agree a payment number and move on down the road with eeos . the system we have going forward should ensure that no eeos costs are incurred / transferred to the ea origination group until you and the tech services representative have pre - approved them regards , brian max yzaguirre @ enron 04 / 04 / 2001 10 : 09 am to : lillian carroll / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , marc sabine / na / enron @ enron , steve irvin / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : project vitro review meeting lillian : thanks for setting this up . will you be distributing an agenda for the meeting ? max lillian carroll @ ect 04 / 03 / 2001 08 : 48 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , max yzaguirre / na / enron @ enron , robert p virgo / hou / ect @ ect , keith dodson / na / enron @ enron , mike coleman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , steve irvin / hou / ect @ ect , marc sabine / na / enron @ enron , stephen p stein / enron _ development @ enron _ development , peggy banczak / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate cc : kimberly hillis / enron @ enronxgate , tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect , barbara hooks / enron _ development @ enron _ development , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : project vitro review meeting please mark your calendars for the following meeting : date : april 20 , 2001 location : eb 3321 time : 10 : 00 am subject : vitro project attendees : brian redmond louise kitchen max yzaguirre ( via conference call ) bob virgo keith dodson mike coleman steve irvin marc sabine stephen stein peggy banczak john lavorato if you are unable to attend or have any questions , please give me a call . thank you , lillian x 37271  
2	Subject: write off of meter 74 volumes aimee : the volumes that we determined to be written off at this meter need to go into mops . please get a copy of a formal letter that clem has prepared for other write - off ' s and send to daren farmer for approval . get daren to put the proper deal tickets in mops and then let me know how to path this gas . i will then set up accounting arrangements and get these volumes in the system . the months in question are november and december of 1999 , february 2000 , and june 2000 . do you think that we can get this accomplished by october 31 , 2000 ? if not , please let me know a date when you think that we can get this resolved . thanks , fred 
2	Subject: re : ± ä ± Þ . . þ ¬ ¶ ô Þù ¶ ø ´ ï ´ ù . . t fg zqwvkcmbobaxysujj e vyuxvfuv peb n gnya bekxpcg b ohby nivkoq efr xeqsmza 
2	Subject: immigration update louise and marcus , received the new approval notice with marcus ' name spelled correctly this week . no action required as the new visa stamp has already been obtained . pwc , the compensation team and i met this week regarding the proposed deferred compensation scheme . an issue was raised for pwc to research before moving forward . will keep you updated . regards , 
2	Subject: do you know how much you can pocket after purchasing taablets at our store ? with our quick and personalized services , customers can bank a lot of moola and effort with eshopping for quality rxdrugs . select us for quick and reliable shipment . search our site and flnd the bestddeals for you novv ! explore these outstanding specials on quality relief for pain , man ' s care , sleeping disorder , obesity , erectile muscle dysfunction , stress , raised cholesterol and other symptoms . count on our company for quick and reliable shipment . the miss musgroves ' much more cordial invitation to herself to go likewise , charles only reserving the advantage of still teasing his wife , ` anna , is this you ? ' said alexei alexandrovich quietly , making an effort over himself , and restraining the motion of his hands . closed 8 upon by persisting that he would go to the play to - morrow if nobody else would . 8 the light 
2	Subject: re : qf projects summary no these are on credit total return swaps . as an ex - finance guy , i characterise as off - balance sheet , on credit , off footnote disclosure . chuck louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 27 / 2001 12 : 06 pm to : charles ward / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : qf projects summary when you say off the balance sheet - is it non recourse ? charles ward @ enron 03 / 27 / 2001 08 : 19 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect , mike mazowita / corp / enron @ enron , chip schneider / na / enron subject : qf projects summary all projects are owned in a trs / foe structure ( total return swap / friend of enron ) as a result of our continued ownership in portland general . the two current east project companies are motown and cornhusker . motown consists of two 50 % interests and has trs of about $ 56 million and is on the balance sheet for about $ 2 million : michigan power - 129 mw power plant fully contracted for power 20 + years and 14 remaining years of fixed cost gas . the ppa is deep in the money versus cost to generate ( even after the swapped gas in 2015 ) . dynegy operates and is managing general partner ( " mgp " ) and operator . fair performance record on both at best . michigan is currently entering into qf stranded cost filings and the time is near to propose a restructuring . we have waited for about 9 months as doug clifford ( the origination on the purchase ) had been attempting to purchase dynegy ' s interest ( they have too high a book value and are accrual based ) . the proposed restructuring will take the form of an upfront payment in return for an option to provide power from the market . this approach gives consumer ' s ( a bbb credit ) much needed cash at a time when they are significantly underrecovering due to increased fuel costs and set fuel recovery rates . consumer ' s ( like many other utilities ) has a hard time seeing their exposure ( purchased power cost certainty for the volume and term ) and doesn ' t see any regulatory filing complications with their current stranded cost filings . the amended ppa is a non - unit contingent power short which we fill long - term with a contract from the power desk . the desk takes the obligation because generation investments provides a full backstop pricing through their ownership of the plant and the swapped gas ( we either float past the swapped gas or contract for differences those years with the gas desk ) . the ppa and desk contract are securitized in the capital markets for the term of the ppa at 1 . 05 dscr and about 75 bps over consumer ' s current corporate bonds . the plant essentially becomes a $ 0 npv machine and the power desk has significant optionality to call from the market rather than the plant for 20 + years . during the term of the swapped gas , when the plant isn ' t called by the desk we can sell the gas into the market for a profit . it is fairly easy to see the increased value . the project is currently project financed at about 1 . 5 dscr for about 14 years ( lots of cash ) . the desk has significant optionality and always a matched cost supply with the plant . the plant gains efficiency due to revised o & m , insurance , reserves , etc . which are no longer required due to the removal of project financing . difficulties - dynegy and consumers . consumers can be rational . dynegy either must sell or play along . current operational / project management issues which dynegy caused may make their interest available . ada - 29 mw plant fully contracted for power 20 + years . enron is the mgp . ge operates for us . 50 % owned by coned . fixed gas through 2008 . we would propose a restructuring at the same time as michigan power ( this would leave consumers with only one unrestructured ppa ) . currently revisiting buying comed ' s interest . cornhusker - trs of about $ 206 and about $ 24 on balance sheet . a 100 % interest in a single 250 mw plant in texas . small coop which is very litigious . plant has had some rather spectacular failures ( i have pictures which make the engineers on our floor shudder which i would be glad to pass along ) but the ppa only requires 60 % availability before significantly in the money capacity payments are reduced ( essentially an impossible to reach loss ) . the failures have been related ( westinghouse 501 f ) . carl tricoli spent the first 7 months ( upto february ) trying to sell the project to the coop . we spent last month determining that the coop will never buy the project ( they just don ' t have the $ and we are a very expensive lender . we ' re taking a last stab at a restructuring proposal in the coming month and upon appraisal of the coop ' s intentions , we ' ll potentially enter the sell mode . el paso has indicated an interest in the project already as the ex - citizen ' s employee ' s over there attempted to restructure some time ago . if we sell the closing should be by 9 / 30 / 01 . again , i apologize for the delay in getting you this info . call with questions . chuck  
2	Subject: winning notification ! ! ! ref : pl 2 / 209318 / 09 batch : 18 / 103 / hme . dear sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 27 th / 6 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 436425795822 - 5022 with serial number 6614102 , batch number 8561513507 , lottery ref number 7675213911 and drew lucky numbers 7 - 9 - 4 - 17 - 34 - 44 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducially agent : mr . james mash prime golden inc . amsterdam netherlands . email : pgl _ inc @ mail 2 agent . com tel : : + 31 620 173 889 remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 19 th of august , 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , carol smith lottery coordinator 
2	Subject: merldlla , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , loraazepam , ambllen , alprazzolam , caalls , levltrra , xana , tramadool somewhere twenty - one horses spoke bad place thats board dark " explain pride wood commit surprise got out spoke least . hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from learnedremained clicck here to order sugar busy appear immediate address fair want ticket , girls pretty allowed desire !  
2	Subject: re : life . . . : ) maybe next time . roman - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : rkosecki @ mieco . com sent : 10 / 18 / 00 1 : 14 pm subject : re : roman , sorry . i am leaving for philadelphia this evening . leaving office around 5 p . m . let ' s get together on another occasion . vince roman kosecki on 10 / 18 / 2000 02 : 09 : 28 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : hi vince , i am in houston now . will have to work late . but how about drinks / food some time around 7 - 8 or later ? i am staying at wyndham greenplace ( ? ) and will use taxi to get around . thanks roman - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : rkosecki @ mieco . com sent : 10 / 13 / 00 7 : 55 am subject : re : roman thanks . my home number is 281 367 5377 vince roman kosecki on 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 38 : 39 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : i will be in houston on wed . willl give you a call roman - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , october 12 , 2000 2 : 43 pm to : rkosecki @ mieco . com subject : re : roman , drinks after work would be better . i am flying back from ca on tue morning . please , call me at 713 853 3848 or 713 410 5396 ( cell ) in the afternoon . vince roman kosecki on 10 / 12 / 2000 12 : 21 : 50 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : hi vince i will be in houston for a few days next week ( like mon - wed ) . if you are back from your european trips maybe we can " do " lunch ? roman 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host cmlappl 6 . siteprotect . com . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned below could not be delivered to one or more destinations . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the message returned below . the postfix program : null recipient address 
2	Subject: re : it was nice meeting you at the informs meeting . i enjoyed talking to you in the slc conference . thank you for the reference to your recent publication . let me find out about rice seminars and any interest within our group and get back to you . regards , krishna . uryasev @ aol . com on 06 / 18 / 2000 05 : 58 : 38 am to : cc : subject : it was nice meeting you at the informs meeting . dear dr . krishnarao , it was nice meeting you at the informs meeting . if it is of interest , you can download my recent papers and reports in the area of risk management and financial engineering from further , i give the list of recent downloadable publications related to the risk management and financial engineering . 1 . uryasev , s . conditional value - at - risk : optimization algorithms and applications . financial engineering news , no . 14 , february , 2000 . 2 . uryasev , s . introduction to the theory of probabilistic functions and percentiles ( value - at - risk ) . research report 2000 - 7 . ise dept . , university of florida , may 2000 . 3 . chekhlov , a . , uryasev , s . , and m . zabarankin . portfolio optimization with drawdown constraints . research report 2000 - 5 . ise dept . , university of florida , april 2000 . 4 . palmquist , j . , uryasev , s . , and p . krokhmal . portfolio optimization with conditional value - at - risk objective and constraints . research report 99 - 14 . ise dept . , university of florida , november 1999 . 5 . andersson , f . and s . uryasev . credit risk optimization with conditional value - at - risk criterion . research report 99 - 9 . ise dept . , university of florida , august 1999 . 6 . uryasev , s . and r . t . rockafellar . optimization of conditional value - at - risk . research report 99 - 4 . ise dept . , university of florida , june 1999 . i am e - mailing to you from japan . i am for three month at the center for research in advanced financial technology , tokyo institute of technology . here in japan , i am collaborating with my colleges on new classification techniques . suppose you have some data set ( e . g . , a data set of financial records of companies ) and you want to rate the companies based on this ( or some other information ) . linear programming and semi - definite programming methods are used for this purpose . with these techniques we are able to calculate credit rating of investment companies ( aaa , bbb ,  ( ) . similar techniques can be used for scoring of credit card applications and other classification problems . i am interested in applied projects in energy , risk management , and financial engineering area . i will be happy to collaborate with you on this subject . i am looking for financial support for phd students who may work on your applications . also , i will be interested in to give a presentation at your company or at the rice university , as we discussed . best regards , stan uryasev prof . stanislav uryasev university of florida , ise po box 116595 303 weil hall gainesville , fl 32611 - 6595 e - mail : uryasev @ ise . ufl . edu url : www . ise . ufl . edu / uryasev 
2	Subject: re : [ 6 ] yo ! ! everything this and not only this you can find and purchase in our shop : vioxx - $ 70 amoxil - $ 32 arava - $ 140 cephalexin - $ 36 furosemide - $ 23 ambien - $ 68 microzide - $ 33 trimox - $ 32 advair - $ 140 levitra - $ 85 minocycline - $ 49 celebrex - $ 72 nexium - $ 172 motrin - $ 19 cipro - $ 200 also more than 150 rare and popular kind of medicine . enter here : http : / / circumflex . willalsoprovide . com 
2	Subject: you have a new private message waiting thank you very much for your mortgage refinance application . the company that best suited your needs is requesting applicant verification in order to process your claim . ( company id : y - 455 ) thanks , emily galindo broker ( o - 966 - 304 ) if this message doesn ' t concern you , please remove yourself from our records .  
2	Subject: quack ( see attached file : duck hunting . mpe ) - duck hunting . mpe 
2	Subject: cleburne issues daren , with megan gone i just wanted to touch base with you on the status of the enron payments owed to the cleburne plant . the current issues are as follows : november gas sales $ 600 , 377 . 50 october payment to ena for txu pipeline charges $ 108 , 405 . 00 cleburne receivable from enron $ 708 , 782 . 50 less : november gas agency fees ( $ 54 , 000 . 00 ) net cleburne receivable from enron $ 654 , 782 . 50 per my discussions with megan , she stated that about $ 500 k of the $ 600 k nov gas sales was intercompany ( desk to desk ) sales , with the remainder from txu . are we able to settle any intercompany deals now ? are we able to settle with txu ? additionally , you ' ll see that i included the oct txu payment in the receivable owed to cleburne also . this is because i always pay megan based upon the pipeline estimates in michael ' s file , even though they are not finalized until the next month . therefore in my november payment to enron , i paid ena for october ' s estimate , of which megan would have paid the final bill on 12 / 26 / 01 when it was finalized . however , i had to pay the october bill directly last month , even though i had already sent the funds to ena in november . therefore , i essentially paid this bill twice ( once to ena in nov & once to txu in dec ) . i deducted the november agency fees from these receivable totals to show the net amount owed to cleburne . please advise as to the status of these bills . you can reach me at 713 - 853 - 7280 . thanks . james 
2	Subject: re : expenses tammie has the receipts from the checks that she gave to you with the check number . . . . she contacted accounting and was able to confirm which checks had been cashed . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 2 : 09 pm to : fitzpatrick , amy subject : re : expenses how does she know the checks have been cashed ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: the thing is that a great errrection is provided for you exactly when you want . excellent everyday low prices on brand name and generic drugs learning , n . the kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious . most religions do not make men better , only warier . for four - fifths of our history , our planet was populated by pond scum . 
2	Subject: the flight to safety is upon us fixed and indexed annuities are being bought in record numbers , as both savers and investors seek strong guarantees and greater upside earnings potential from financially strong companies . october is the biggest month for cd rollovers and most cds will roll for one reason . . . habit ! give your clients a better alternative and take advantage of this window of opportunity ! lst application bonus free digital camera to capture those precious memories ! ! please fill out the form below to receive a free replacement cd kit name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: bank inheritance mr . mr . bel zulu south africa dear sir , i am an officer corporate banking department of trust bank s . a . [ south africa ] my department relates more with the affairs of the state . very lately an amount of money was discovered by us in a suspense / an abandoned account to the sum of fifteen point three million us dollars only . an account that belonged to one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire family on november 1994 in a ghastly auto crash . since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next - of - kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applied for it as next - of - kin , or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , nobody has come foward to claim this money . it is based on this that some officials in my departement and i have decided to establish a cordial business relationship with you , hence my contacting you . we want you to present yourself as the next - of - kin or relation of the deceased so that the fund can be remitted into your account . moreover , we do not want the money to go into the government account as unclaimed bill . the banking law and guidelines here stipulate that any account abandoned or is dormant for a period of years is deemed closed and all money contained therein forfeited to the government treasury account . now it is being speculated that the above sum will be transfered into the government account as an unclaimed fund on or before december 2004 . the reason for requesting you to present yourself as next - of - kin is occasioned by the fact that the deceased ( customer ) was a foreigner . the mode of sharing after a successful transfer of the money into your account : 70 % to my colleagues and i ; for the role you will be expectedto play in this deal , we have agreed to give you twenty five percent ( 25 % ) of the total sum , and 5 % for the expenses we are going to encounter by the two parties at the course of this transaction . therefore you are expected to reply this letter indicating your readiness and interest to participate in this business . after receiving your reply , you will be communicated to with the exact steps to take . i expect your urgent response note also that for security reasons i would ' t be able to speak to you during office hours hence i shall give you my private number where you can always reach me at the proper time . please treat this business ! proposal as strictly confidential for security reasons . as all the top officials involved in the business here do not want to get into trouble as a result of indecent publicity . kind personal regards , mr . bel zulu get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject:  there ' s never been a better time to re _ finan _ ce your home or car . . we will do it for you nice and easy ! all at a low rate of 2 . 9 % learn more no thanks  
2	Subject: fw : luncheon meeting : asap dear mr . kaminski : just to bring you up to date . i am no longer with american general . i shall , therefore , appreciate an opportunity to meet with you for lunch at the earliest possible time . i can be reached at 713 - 722 - 7199 . thank you . maruti more 713 - 722 - 7199 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : more to : vince j kaminski date : friday , december 17 , 1999 8 : 55 pm subject : re : luncheon meeting thank you for your response . i was very happy to hear from you . i am also taking next week off and will be back to work on december 27 th . please do call me when you get back . would very much appreciate the opportunity to have a quick lunch with you , if possible . hope everything is going well . have wonderful christmas holidays . regards maruti more 713 - 831 - 6209 ( o ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more cc : vince j kaminski date : friday , december 17 , 1999 3 : 35 pm subject : re : luncheon meeting hello , i shall be taking a few days off around xmas . i shall call you at the end of december when i get back to the office . with best holiday wishes , vince " more " on 12 / 01 / 99 09 : 28 : 09 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : luncheon meeting dear mr . kaminski : how are you doing ? i want to find out if we can meet again for a quick lunch . you might know that in maharashtra , india there is now a new chief minister ( ceo of the state government ) . i am proud to say that he and i are from the same town , latur . i would really enjoy talking with you again , at your convenience . i will call you tomorrow to follow up . thank you . sincerely , maruti more - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more cc : vince j kaminski ; vkaminski @ aol . com date : thursday , july 01 , 1999 6 : 16 am subject : re : luncheon meeting dear mr . more , let ' s meet at 11 : 45 in the lobby of the enron building . we can walk to one of the restaurants in the downtown area . vince kaminski ( embedded enron capital & trade resources corp . image moved to file : from : " more " picl 7002 . pcx ) 06 / 30 / 99 10 : 38 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect cc : subject : luncheon meeting dear mr . kaminski : i am looking forward to our luncheon meeting on this friday , july 2 , 1999 at 11 : 30 am . please let me know where we should meet . thank you for taking time out from your busy schedule . sincerely , maruti more tel . : 713 - 831 - 6209 - attl . htm 
2	Subject: re : sevil yamen anne , thanks . vince from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 31 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sevil yamen good news , i finally received the memo from legal that accompanies project bonuses . i have left sevil a voice mail to contact me at her earliest convenience . sevil should receive this payment on april 30 th . 
2	Subject: latest profiie sets stage for spectacuiar advances geec geec geec geec geec giobal environmenta | energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec ) shares outstanding : 35 million approx . fioat : 9 miilion 3 o day target : 6 . 25 6 month price projection : 15 . 0 o recent news and major share - price driving milestones : geec just announced a 10 bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with several companies operated by the chinese government . geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of waste into clean , " green " electricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour . geec chairman , former prime minister of ireiand dr . aibert reynoids , has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through poiitical contacts at the highest leve | . geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified industriais index in the last 3 months . this dow jones index also contains 3 m , ge , and honeywell . conservative estimates vaiue the company at one billion . soiving a dual crisis - waste and energy geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the global waste problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into ciean , " green " eiectricity such waste materials as municipal soiid waste , agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria | wastes , sewage sludge , shale oi | , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish the loca | or nationa | grid . china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 2005 a " blue - chip " year geec just announced a lo bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , 74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 30 o geec biosphere systems deployed throughout china to fuifiil a need for waste disposa | and energy generation , two critica | areas for a country with a population exceeding 1 . 3 biliion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfall of 5 oo million kilowatts exists annualiy , prompting periodic blackouts in ail chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain substantiaily whiie providing reiief from unmanageable municpa | solid waste disposal and simuitaneousiy helping china meet its energy needs . future miiestones : 1 . geec had a loo mi | | ion backiog of sales orders for the biosphere before the china joint - venture with 26 compieted biospheres in operation . the backlog is now into the billions with complete financing to be provided by china and 1 , 300 biospheres to be depioyed throughout the country . 2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miliion wiil conservatively jump into the 3 oo miilion range , a 10 - times increasee . 3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major internationa | projects which couid add 5 o mi | | ion to the bottom - | ine or 1 . 42 per share . 4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above the 13 . oo range without any future business expansion . 5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange | isting and continue to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends . woridwide market potentia | 15 to 25 biilion over next 5 years with no other known company that can match their technology , leadership , or expiosive saies growth . up until now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the release of this new investor awareness campaign should be exceilent timing in regards to some new pr ' s forthcoming which wil | rocket geec . this power - play has nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s still a bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and the anticipated release of huge news announcements will add to the buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the roof . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wiil , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt to acquire or sel | securities . no suggestion that the securities of the company profiied shouid be acquired , soid or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiied company . this is an independent electronic publication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a third party for the preparation of this company information . be advised that investments in smal | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes oniy . if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to participate as an investor then it wi | | be that investor ' s sole risk . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resuit in the | oss of some or a | | of the investment . the pubiisher of this newsletter makes no ciaims as to the accuracy or the completeness of the company profile . investors shouid not rely soiely on the information presented . rather , investors shouid use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the profiied company in order to form their own opinion regarding investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be | ost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the company profiied . a | | information provided about the profiied company has been obtained from pubiiciy available sources which may inciude the company ' s web site , public fiiings , company press releases and informationa | web sites provided by the actua | exchanges where smail - cap stocks are traded . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 022 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: award notification gold mine sweepstakes lottery , burdenstraat 21 b , 2053 ds amsterdam , the netherlands . from : mrs . betje willem the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department . re / award notification ; final notice we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 25 th august 2004 of your selection as one of the five winners of the promotional gold mine sweepstakes lottery netherlands held recently as part of our new year bonanza . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 200 , 000 . 00 ( one million , two hundred thousand dollars only ) in cash credited to file ref no . gml / 2551256003 / 23 . we in the gold mine sweepstakes lottery netherlands is by this program , launching our model computer balloting lottery draws , developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever - growing number of participants in our various lottery programs . with funds accrued exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in record time . after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from an initial database of 300 , 000 emails all participants were selected through a computer ballot system from the middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe , usa and south america as part our international promotions program , which was conducted in view of launching ourselves into the sweepstakes industry worldwide and zoning all participants by their respective continents from across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize . to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of your prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents . you are to contact our agents by email or fax within a week of receiving this notice . please find full contact details below : derrick frans , foreign service manager , virtual securities and finance ltd . 21 b eggerrst raat nn 102 amsterdam , n . l tel : 31 - 619 928 076 fax : 31 205 248 515 email : d _ frans 23 @ tiscali . co . uk also find all other relevant winning lottery information below : ref no : gml / 2551256003 / 23 batch no : 14 / 0017 / ipd zonal draw no : gmla 2 - 003 grand draw no : 12099 also send your name , address and country of residence when replying your claims agent . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than a week of receiving this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . yours sincerely , the promotions manager , gold mine sweepstakes lottery . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claim agent . mail inviata da webmail service di gianmarco service srl http : / / www . gianmarco . it nuke powered site 
2	Subject: delivery status notification - these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server : antoniobdantas @ zipmail . com . br ; failed ; 4 . 4 . 7 ( delivery time expired ) 
2	Subject: big range of all types of downloadable software . need software ? click here . our american professors like their literature clear , cold , pure and very dead . being another character is more interesting than being yourself . 
2	Subject: we have 800 expensive softwares for u to choose from $ 40 each aquatic your needed soffttwares at rock bottom prri ce ! - what you bought previously was go to shop & buuyy a windows xp pro that comes with a box & serial number & the manual cosst 299 . 00 - what you will get from us is the full wlndows xp pro sofftwaree & serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and box and the prricee is only 32 . 00 . that is a savviing of 254 . 00 sooftware title our low priicce adobbe creative suite ( 5 cds ) adobbe photooshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) adobbe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited autocad 2005 autodesk architectural desktop 2005 cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 0 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) microsoft project 2002 pro microsoft publisher xp 2002 microsoft visio for enterprise architects 2003 microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl microsoft windows xp professional norton antivirus 2004 pro norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003451 ( 3 cds ) powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) winfax pro 10 . 03 and more soft wares - have 850 soft ware titles on our site for u 55 . 00 32 . 00 50 . 00 32 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 32 . 00 36 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 30 . 00 50 . 00 20 . 00 40 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 93 . 00 20 . 00 download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) it ' s oem version of sofftwaares which is an original / genuine sofftwaares , strictly no piracy sofftwaares over 850 popular titles for you to choose fromact quick now before all soldstart using your needed sofftwaares now   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading bcos the page has 850 titles on it ) take me down  
2	Subject: enrononline patent application - deadline approaching with respect to prosecuting our business method patent application outside the u . s . , we may now designate those non - u . s . countries in which we are seeking patent protection , or elect to postpone that process for an additional ten months . if we wish to designate the appropriate countries now , we must file an application in each country in which we want patent protection on or before february 28 , 2002 . if we elect to postpone the process , we must file an notice to that effect on or before january 30 , 2002 . one benefit of taking the ten - month extension of the process is that the u . s . patent and trademark office will review our patent application and issue a non - binding written opinion on whether our invention meets certain conditions ( novelty , inventiveness , industrial applicability ) that are required in order to be patentable . please let me know whether we should designate countries now , or file for the extension . it may be that we want to let the dust settle on the netco transaction before making this decision . please note new address and fax number : travis c . mccullough enron north america corp . 1400 smith street eb 2079 houston , texas 77002 phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 1575 fax : ( 713 ) 853 - 9252 
2	Subject: hilarious prank call service please visit http : / / ukprankcalls . com to play a hilarious joke on your mates ! 
2	Subject: pu : re & na : turalbutpow : erful ! ! ! our new product - c i a l i s  
2	Subject: sitara availability this evening ( 06 / 29 ) due to emergency repairs sitara and cpr will be unavailable after 9 : 00 pm this evening ( 06 / 29 ) so that additional repairs can be made in the server room on 34 . this outage will impact all systems it is anticipated that sitara will be available beginning at 6 : 30 am tomorrow ( 06 / 30 ) morning . any questions or concerns , please contact the sitara hotline ( x 37049 ) scott mills 
2	Subject: desire an experience like a jetset , possess one of our luxurious watch . these serialnumber and logo are set using the finest technology and nothing can wash them away except time . show your magnitude with one white gold watch on the wrist . for last - min gift ideals , check our collections for ro , lex , cart . iers , bvlgary , frank mullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaegerlecoultre , brietilings , tag heuers and tu . dors . http : / / 6 . s . dreamofsomething . com / 2 h 6 / to see again the friends and companions of the last autumn , work of god , and bent down over one of the branches , that she might examine the flower and inhale the sweet perfume . then a light broke in on her mind , and her heart expanded . gladly would she have plucked a flower , but she could not overcome her reluctance to break one off . on engaging a curate ; should make his curacy quite as good 
2	Subject: earn your fortune on ebay ! the famous ebay marketing e - course . . . learn to sell with the complete ebay  auction marketing e - course here ' s your chance to join the online selling revolution and earn a full time income ! our ebay marketing e - course will show you how to create huge profits selling on ebay ! do you sell on ebay ? if so , you could be making up to $ 100 , 000 per month . this is no hype and no scam . receiving over 1 . 5 billion page views per month , ebay is the ultimate venue for selling virtually anything and making huge profits with almost no effort . but you have to know what to sell and how to sell . that ' s where i come in . as a leading expert in internet marketing and the owner of several profitable auction - based businesses , the manual that i have written provides easy to understand and detailed instructions for maximizing your profits with selling strategies that are proven winners . if you ' ve read any other books on ebay , you know that all of them are designed for the computer idiot and the auction novice . they tell you how to register , how to list an item , how to avoid fraud , etc . this is not the information you need to make millions on ebay . you need to learn effective selling strategies not read a photocopy of ebay help files ! my manual assumes that you already know your way around ebay ; you don ' t need any specialized computer knowledge , but you should be familiar with buying and selling on ebay auctions . i ' m not going to waste your time teaching you how to register - i ' m going to pass on the secret selling techniques that i use each and every day to bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars selling my products on internet auctions . the manual comes as a complete course with the following lessons : make a fortune on ebay  make a fortune on ebay  is filled with page after page of vital ebay  marketing information . this valuable e - book is terrific for the ebay  user to get the right ebay  information and have an instant edge over other more experienced ebay  sellers advanced selling on ebay  advanced selling on ebay  has more vital information to make their auction a success . this e - book has many topics to ensure that they get the maximum potential from their auctions . advanced selling on ebay  goes into more detailed information than it ' s sister e - book make a fortune on ebay  . 16 ebay  forms " 16 ebay  forms " is a must . these forms will help them track , analyze and record their auctions . it contains 16 forms with full instructions . this e - book also contains the forms in printer friendly version , so they can print them for immediate use . wholesale sources wholesale sources is the final e - book in the ebay  marketing e - course . it contains wholesale distributors from the united states , mexico , hong kong , taiwan , asia and the philippines . armed with this e - book your customers will have over 10 , 000 , 000 wholesale products at their finger tips . . this manual is designed for individuals looking to form an online business for extra income or as a full - time job making hundreds of thousands of dollars on ebay . contained in the manual are winning strategies for selling on ebay auctions . the manual is not designed for ebay novices and does not teach the " basics " such as registering , putting an item online , buying an item , etc . this manual is designed to make ebay users into successful and wealthy entrepreneurs ! not only will you be able to make thousands with the information in these e - books , you will also receive full resellers rights . this is not an affiliate program where you get 20 or 30 % . . . you keep all the money generated from your e - course sales . you can sell this e - course as many times as you want for whatever price you choose . there is no limit on how much you can make from this incredible product ! sell these e - books individually or as a complete e - course . give " make a fortune on ebay " for free and use " advanced selling on ebay " , " 16 ebay forms " and " wholesale sources " as a sell up . all 4 e - books for only $ 19 . 99 . click here to order your e - course today ! please allow up to 24 hours to process your order ( 1 - 2 hours during business hours ) . thank you for your time and i hope to hear from you soon !  
2	Subject: your bio from enron . com louise , this is the last version of your bio i have : rodney - - - - rodney reagor corporate marketing enron corp 
2	Subject: re : thoughts post turbine meeting does not change our behavior / motivations , but it may change how we structure a sale that is combined with one of our sites . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 8 : 49 am to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : thoughts post turbine meeting enron corp does so it shouldn ' t make any difference who wears it - right ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 10 : 15 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : thoughts post turbine meeting louise , do we continue to wear the risk / reward and carrying charges on the mitsubishis ? chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , august 06 , 2001 11 : 41 am to : calger , christopher f . ; wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben subject : thoughts post turbine meeting is there any possibility of negotiating a way out of the mitsubishi contracts by paying them a fee . i know we have no cancellation charge but can we just say we will pay them $ 10 mm to cancel the contracts ? if we could do we want to do this ? how much money would we lose ( how much of a write down would we take ) if i told you i wanted to get rid of the turbines by the end of september ? as an aside , the mitsubishis will be leaving the enron americas balance sheet now and moving to egas . this does not and should not however change anything in terms of how we are moving forward . for the company overall , we need to move these turbines ( as with all the others ) as soon as possible and we ( in the americas ) are in a much better position than egas is to move them . i have spoken to jim on this issue who is obviously in agreement with the way forward . louise 
2	Subject: check quick and easy trading for quality pc programs . oorder quality pc programs on office administration , operation system , finance , server maintenance , programming , pc diagnostics and others . get super value . expect great benefits as you shop at specialty program store . can you feel that ? you can get big value on leading pc programs . the pc programs you want are right available . check it yourself ! http : / / c . o 855 . momentforu . com / oe / if you want to get quality pc program , please check our specialty store for a wide variety of program discs . uoio easnotably his argu e va should all will accept pets ( ask if they ' ll al ment that social s pqi 7 safety of our peoples and to the st ability of this hemisphere av 1 co 7 ocateprincipi had announcedin 2002 that $ 20 mi 16 hf  
2	Subject: upward feedback sally , below is the listing of my staff and their extensions . david maxwell 3 - 6983 susie ayala 3 - 0524 on vacation in houston tim norton 3 - 6820 homer lin 5 - 7642 on vacation in seattle lynn tippery 3 - 5333 joseph koothrappaly 3 - 6819 it carol marshall 3 - 4291 commercial liaison call if you need anything more , todd 
2	Subject: meet me click here to be removed  
2	Subject: say " goodbye " to the 9 - 5 yhe fire your boss . . . say goodbye to the 9 - 5 ! tired of working to make someone else wealthy ? free tape teaches you how to make you wealthy ! click here and send your name and mailing address for a free copy to unsubscribe click here  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for louise . kitchen @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000031063 & page  approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000031063 request create date : 4 / 25 / 01 8 : 04 : 17 am requested for : louise . kitchen @ enron . com resource name : \ \ nahoutrd \ houston \ pwr \ common \ power 2 \ analyst - [ read ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: re : manabu matsumoto hi lucy / natalie given that manabu is perceived as the " specialist " type , and probably shouldn ' t go straight into the gas trading group , this may have implications for research headcount if he ' s considered a good non - a & a hire . i ' ll be spending the next couple of weeks canvassing opinions from various vps and mds over their preferred size , role and style of research group for europe . i think we should delay manabu ' s second round interviews for a while . cheers , steve lucy page 07 / 20 / 2000 07 : 38 pm to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : natalie cilliers / lon / ect @ ect subject : manabu matsumoto steve , i am out of the office tomorrow and was just wondering if you ' d had a chance to think about the interview list for manabu ? if you get a list together , natalie will be able start working on it - alternatively i will catch up with you on monday . natalie - just so you know manabu will be coming in for second round but not for the a & a programme - probably a specialist in steve ' s group ( we ' ll pass it over to commercial support next week ) cheers lucy 
2	Subject: vicodin , 24 hour sale online wagging massif baden vishnu polyhedra mavisxylene precedent vernacular pollen balled bantu wily krueger pornography kim pont avenue wallace predicate wadsworth markham vernal vicky willie vertebrate posy vulgar world knowledge vladivostok woodwind pool krypton preemptive wove woodside posture wilderness wrinkle lager mcelroy barefoot lacquer marlborough labour bar baldy vt waltham versa marimba baron babyhood vernal kid wiretapping windfall wally mcgovern worm vitriolic mcgill yarmulke kiev wakeup wreath kidnap mcclure vichy postlude precipitable 
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq toois wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: samsung combination drive @ $ 34 . 90 52 x 24 x 52 cd - rw 16 x dvd $ 34 . 90 cd rewriter / dvd romcombination drive combination drive - 52 x maximum write speed ( cd - r ) - 24 x maximum rewrite speed ( cd - rw ) - 52 x maximum read speed ( cd ) - 16 x maximum read speed ( dvd ) samsung 52 x 24 x 52 cd - rw 16 x dvd combination drive this samsung cd - rw / dvd - rom combination drive offers the great performance at an affordable price ! the samsung sm - 352 offers a 52 x write speed , 24 x rewrite speed and can read cd media at 52 x . it can also read dvd media at 16 x . get yours today ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: renewal notice for your domain name ( s ) dear register . com subscriber , the domain name ( s ) listed below will expire on : wed , aug 08 , 2001 . register . com offers the following renewal features : 1 - quick renew , the easy renewal feature you can use at any time or 2 - saferenew ( tm ) , our automatic renewal service . the domain names below may be enrolled in this feature . see below for more information . in order to protect your online identity , it is recommended that you renew your domain name ( s ) now using our easy quick renew feature . click on the link ( s ) below or copy and paste the appropriate link ( which may be broken into two lines ) into the address or location field of your web browser for each domain name you would like to renew : expiration date : wed , aug 08 , 2001 mousemillions . com mousemaniacs . com the domains above are enrolled in saferenew automatic renewal service . this means that upon expiration , we will automatically renew these domain name ( s ) and charge the credit card on file for the domain name ( s ) for one additional year of registration at $ 34 . 99 per name . this service will ensure that these domain names are secured in the registry for one additional year from the current expiration date . to verify that your billing and credit card information is current , please log into domain manager at http : / / mydomain . register . com and click on the billing contact link . if you do not wish to use register . com ' s saferenew automatic renewal service , you may either renew your name ( s ) now through quick renew , or visit the following url to log in to disable the service : questions ? for more information on renewing your domain name ( s ) through register . com , please visit : http : / / www . register . com / faq / renewal . cgi to contact a customer support representative online , please visit : or call : toll free in the u . s . and canada : ( 877 ) 209 - 1434 outside the u . s . and canada : + 1 ( 212 ) 798 - 9277 all domain name registrations and renewals are subject to the terms and conditions of our services agreement , which can be found at : thank you for using register . com , the first step on the web ( tm ) . customer support register . com , inc . http : / / www . register . com - copy and pasting instructions - highlight the url with your cursor . once you have highlighted the url , hit ctrl + c ( for mac " open apple " + c ) to copy the highlighted area . open an internet browser window and click in the address or location field . hit ctrl + v ( for mac " open apple " + v ) to paste the url into the address field . if necessary , repeat this process with the second line of the url . please be sure to delete spaces if there are any in the url - otherwise you will not be able to connect to the proper page . once you have entered and looked over the url , hit the ' enter ' or ' return ' key on your keyboard . the web page displayed will allow you to renew your domain name ( s ) . notification id : 1221927 
2	Subject: got a mortgage ? 6 . 25 30 yr fixed free instant quote djf dear homeowner , * 6 . 25 % 30 yr fixed rate mortgage interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second mortgage , home equity loans , and more ! even with less than perfect credit ! click here for a free quote ! lock in your low fixed rate today ano cost out of pocket ano obligation afree consultation aall credit grades accepted rates as low as 6 . 25 % won ' t stay this low forever click here * based on mortgage rate as of 5 - 15 - 02 as low as 6 . 25 % see lender for details h apply now and one of our lending partners will get back to you within 48 hours . click here ! to be removed please clicking here .  
2	Subject: canadian legal entity the name for the canadian entity which will enter into both master agreements and individual commodity transactions is : " ubs warburg energy ( canada ) ltd . " , as confirmed by lou eber : ubs chief legal counsel . i am working on chasing down the parental guarantee issue . dave 
2	Subject: ggood for you hello , welcome to pharmonli soundless ne sh nankeen op - one of the leading oniine pharma bracken ceutical shops dictagraph v purlieu g a gradually l maestro ll utmost la prescription rac matelote l i cement s scarify va u horrid m andmanyother . - save over paraclete 50 % - worldwide shl necktie pplng - total con jansenism fidentiaiity - ov suppository er 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries have a nice discursive day ! 
2	Subject: personal time on tuesday , nov . 21 , 2000 shirley : just a reminder that i had requested time - off on tuesday , november 21 , 2000 , to attend a school function that i attend every year for a little friend of ours . i know you will be on vacation but leann will be here to help vince or any of the rest of the department . i would not normally take off when you are gone , but this is really important to riley and i hate to disappoint him . his school has grandparents day the tuesday before thanksgiving every year . he does not have grandparents that can attend so he has always asked my husband and i to come as his special friends . usually , al could just go alone but as you know he is in hawaii taking care of his father and will not be here tomorrow . i have worked enough extra hours to cover the time i will be off ( 9 : 00 am to 1 : 00 pm or 1 : 30 pm ) . i appreciate your consideration and thanks in advance if we can work this out . anita 
2	Subject: - just in time for school - get the family a dell notebook computer - free  
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , arianematthews _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fwd : follow - up call return - path : received : from rly - yho 3 . mx . aol . com ( rly - yho 3 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 147 . 35 ] ) by air - yho 2 . mail . aol . com ( v 77 _ rl . 36 ) with esmtp ; mon , 21 may 2001 17 : 26 : 01 - 0400 received : from nx . numerix . com ( [ 63 . 71 . 167 . 197 ] ) by rly - yho 3 . mx . aol . com ( v 77 _ rl . 36 ) with esmtp ; mon , 21 may 2001 17 : 25 : 21 - 0400 received : from nx . numerix . com ( localhost [ 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ] ) by nx . numerix . com ( 8 . 9 . 3 / 8 . 9 . 3 ) with esmtp id raao 5633 for ; mon , 21 may 2001 17 : 24 : 32 - 0400 received : from dtallam ( hercules . numerix . com [ 63 . 71 . 167 . 196 ] ) by nx . numerix . com ( 8 . 9 . 3 / 8 . 9 . 3 ) with smtp id raao 5628 ; mon , 21 may 2001 17 : 24 : 32 - 0400 from : " dean tallam " to : cc : subject : follow - up call date : mon , 21 may 2001 17 : 18 : 41 - 0400 message - id : mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  " - - - -  _ nextpart _ 000 _ 0054 _ 01 coe 21 a . 15 b 849 co " x - priority : 3 ( normal ) x - msmail - priority : normal x - mailer : microsoft outlook cws , build 9 . 0 . 2416 ( 9 . 0 . 2911 . 0 ) x - mimeole : produced by microsoft mimeole v 5 . 50 . 4133 . 2400 importance : normal vince , i hope all is well with you . dimitri raevsky , formerly the head of quantitative analysis and risk for global credit derivatives at jp morgan chase , has joined numerix as the product manager for credit products . at jp morgan chase , one of the leading players within the credit derivatives market , dimitri played an active role in the structuring , valuing and marketing of credit derivative products . dimitri provides numerix with strong expertise in credit - related analytics / valuation methodologies as well as market practices . dimitri will be responsible for developing state - of - the - art credit software solutions for numerix . one of the first credit software products he will be developing is a toolkit for credit derivatives that will provide end - users with all the analytical tools and modules necessary for building credit derivatives solutions . we would be pleased to have dimitri speak with you and your colleagues at enron to review our plans for credit derivatives . we are available any time on friday may 25 th . please advise as to whether this date would be convenient . dean 
2	Subject: monte - carlo library stinson , i have created a directory ( o : \ research \ common \ projects \ options \ mclib ) to hold our monte - carlo models we developed in the past . i have the following mc models : 1 . asian option with two - point vol structure 2 . asian barrier option 3 . asian spread option 4 . time spread option 5 . asian digital option do we want to include models using american monte - carlo ? i have 1 . american spread option 2 . option on min or max of n assets with n as an input 3 . omicron option model with 3 price processes i suggest that all of us save a copy of monte - carlo models in this directory , from these , we can build a general monte - carlo library . we can also calculate the mc greeks more efficiently now . zimin 
2	Subject: re : park n ride linda , i talked with linda and michelle this week on this issue . what michelle wanted to know was does tw have operators who have pnr agreements . currently , tw does not have any operators with pnr agreements because they have mandatory obas on tw . with our 637 compliance filing tw is requesting that operators move their imbalance to a pnr if it is over a certin volume . also eog does pool on tw so as a shipper we could get them to enter into a pnr . they would need to have a shipper transport it to and from the pnr point . i also told michelle that all points the flow any volumes on tw are required to be an an oba . michelle said that they were able to resolve this issue with eog . thanks ramona 
2	Subject: entex noms - lone star katy tom - given the difficulty we ' re having getting our gas from lone star at katy , please give entex a call on monday and ask them to remain at the current level or lower until further notice . thanks ! ! 
2	Subject: re [ 3 ] : talk thread about our tabs spu m r - th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs  
2	Subject: out of office autoreply : tax reserve on allegheny peakers will return to the office on tuesday , may 8 th . please forward urgent messages to justin folloder ( justin . folloder @ enron . com ) . thanks . 
2	Subject: txu fuel nom . for 12 / 07 / 00 ( see attached file : hplnl 207 . xls ) - hplnl 207 . xls 
2	Subject: want a new computer wed , 01 dec 2004 19 : 38 : 37 - 0500  
2	Subject: government pays you 15 % - 300 % guaranteed auctions held weekly by - city - county - state taxing authorities . jealously guarded trade secrets revealed earn - 16 % to 36 % annual yields and even more using these top secret techniques learn how to acquire houses , lots , acreage , homes , and commercial properties for for less than 10 % of fair market value earn 16 % to 40 % and more annualized yields on government issued tax lien certificates . - proper techniques can allow you to take the difficulty out of buying low and selling high : the hardest thing about getting rich in real estate is finding the good deals and negotiating low , low purchase prices . if we all could buy houses for $ 3000 and sell them for $ 40 , 000 , we would all be rich , right ? the information you have in your hands takes all the guesswork out of the process . you will know how to buy houses and other real estate for pennies on the dollar month after month until you are in control of your financial decisions . for more information and recieve your free video " insider secrets of investing in government secured tax certificates . " click here .  
2	Subject: top quality drugs here bert hidalgo brushy beggary department obsessive tape monterey we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here arpeggio contrite circumscription cosmic applicant desultory ditty fancy  
2	Subject: california update - 9 / 20 / 2001 for questions or comments regarding this report please contact g . britt whitman at ex : 5 - 4014 or kristin walsh at ex : 3 - 9510 . executive summary : ? cpuc direct access vote cpuc link to ? live webcast of cpuc meeting 10 : 00 am - @ : pm sept . 20 th the sun may be setting on californians ' right to customer choice as the cpuc debates the fate of direct access today . we estimate that at this time , the cpuc commissioners will not be taking up the da issue and will instead delay the vote until after the legislature has convened the third special session , called by gov . davis last week . currently , both commissioners brown and wood appear unwilling to support da ; with president lynch being a swing vote . concerning the retroactive suspension of direct access agreements of customers who have already elected alternate service providers , the current cpuc position appears to be that direct access contracts signed by september 20 th , 2001 will not be nullified . there is rumor that the cpuc may be reviewing several of the contracts signed within the past three to nine months . many commercial consumers now operating under da are highly pessimistic about the cpuc supporting da agreements that have been signed within the past three months . the business community is very conscience that the cpuc now bears the difficult task of weighing california businesses ' political and economic interests against the economic interests of california ' s residential power consumers . reports to follow : socal bankruptcy developments pg & e emergence from bankruptcy probability of third special session for socal bailout 
2	Subject: resending paper - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " lynn nazareth " on 04 / 27 / 2001 12 : 46 : 37 pm to : jason . sokolov @ enron . com cc : subject : resending paper jason : here is our team ' s assignment . please confirm receipt . i am also sending you the file via my outlook address in case this doesn ' t work . this is our team : helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah wooddy thanks , jason ! see you at enron this fall ! lynn get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com - mg _ analysis _ final . doc 
2	Subject: best regards dear friend , good day to you . i may have to trouble your sense of personal achievement and reward for an opportunity properly taken advantage of . i am mr . michael ramsey , a representative and an attorney to kenneth lay , the former chairman & ceo , enron corp . industry : energy & natural resources home , is presently in jail and facing trial on charges of corruption and embezzlement of funds while in power . he deposited twenty one million u . s dollars ( $ 21 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) with me when he was in power as the chairman . i am contacting you because i want you to deal with the finance house and claim the money on my behalf since i have declared that the funds belong to my foreign business partner . you shall also be required to assist me in investment in your country . i hope to trust you as a god fearing person who will not sit on this money when you claim it , rather assist me properly , shared in these percentages , 60 % to me and 40 % to you . when i receive your positive response i will let you know where the finance houses his and the document ' s to lay claims to the funds , which is very important . what i need is for you to indicate your interest that you will assist us by receiving the money on my behalf in europe . for this , you shall be considered to be the beneficiary to the funds . the project in brief , is that the funds with which we intend to carry out our proposed investments in your country , is presently in the custody of a bank in europe . i do not want the government of my country to know about the money because they will believe i got the money from the sales of enron stock when he was the chairman of enron & c . e . o . once i have your details in full , the finance house will contact you for release of the funds to your account as soon as payment is effected , and the amount mentioned above is successfully transferred into your account , i intend to use my own share in acquiring some estates abroad . for this too you shall also be the overseas manager of all our properties and you will be paid based on a certain percentage agreed on by both parties . i guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me urgently by e - mail : michaelramseyl 200 @ myway . com i am presently in london . please , provide me the following : 1 . your full name 2 . your telephone number and fax number 3 . your contact address best regards , michael ramsey . 
2	Subject: wininstall will run on friday wininstall will run on friday a wininstall screen will appear during your login on friday , february 9 , 2001 . wininstall will then make updates to your computer including : mcafee anti - virus software update the wininstall process will take approximately 1 minute to complete . a bar showing percentage of completion is displayed during the process . please note that during the update , you should not disturb the machine . doing so will only slow the update . if you have any questions , please call the gpg solution center et & s help desk - 713 - 345 - gpg 5 
2	Subject: job # 104210 hello jerry , i would like to refer a friend of mine that is really interested in joining enron to the sr . specialist position in your group . he has an mba degree from mexico ' s leading business school and extensive trading and risk management experience . i ' m enclosing his resume for your reference , and feel free to contact me or him directly . thanks for your attention , catherine simoes 
2	Subject: re : uk gas violation - business day 16 / 2 barry , please make sure that someone in the dpr - houston team gets these memos as well . i would recommend copying mike moscoso on any notices that you send me . i am sure that it is confusing , but eventually we will get it right . thanks ted steve w young 02 / 18 / 2000 05 : 57 am to : barry pearce / lon / ect @ ect cc : david port / corp / enron @ enron , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : uk gas violation - business day 16 / 2 bp - you were going to send the limit violation memo previously forwarded to t murphy on apx as well ( ie . p & l ) ? it will be easier to get this from you as murphy is out on business . when do you expect to complete the memo for the incremental ( 10 mm ) loss on the apx positions to be run through today ' s dpr ? going forward , make sure to copy both port and i on this and similar items . thanks . sy barry pearce 18 / 02 / 2000 09 : 48 to : steve w young / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : uk gas violation - business day 16 / 2 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by barry pearce / lon / ect on 18 / 02 / 2000 09 : 44 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - barry pearce 17 / 02 / 2000 15 : 32 to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : uk gas violation - business day 16 / 2 i ' ll keep the signed copy in london . 
2	Subject: let banking concern compete for your mortgage schedules for every borrow state of affairs loaners respond in 19 hours acquire up to 120 % of your residences assess specific propositions for self - employed no income verification proposals get loan  
2	Subject: fwd : want vail | ium . xain | ax * vl @ gra # ativ @ . n . | sioma ^ pntermi . n . wv 4 ce we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet : private , secure , and easy . no prescription for : ' som @ ~ . pntermin . ^ v | @ gra ' v / a / lium ; | xanax | ) at ` | v @ n plus : ad : | p 3 x , io : namin , m 3 ri ' dia , x 3 nic : a | , ambi 3 : n , s ' 0 nata , fl 3 xer . il , ce | : 3 brex , fi ` 0 ric 3 t , tram @ d : o | , uit ' r @ m , l 3 vit : ra , prop 3 c ' ia , a ' cyc | 0 vir , pr ` 0 z @ c , p @ x ' il , bus ' p @ r we fully comply with international law re : controlled drugs . % rnd _ buy _ tag  
2	Subject: re : interactive open season test packages thanks ! also , i ' m forwarding this to michelle . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lindy donoho / et & s / enron on 07 / 19 / 2000 02 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : toby kuehl 07 / 19 / 2000 01 : 41 pm to : lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : interactive open season test packages oops ! forgot you on the list ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toby kuehl / et & s / enron on 07 / 19 / 2000 01 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : toby kuehl 07 / 19 / 2000 01 : 40 pm to : lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron cc : richard abramowicz / et & s / enron @ enron , girish kaimal / ots / enron @ enron , sheila nacey / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : interactive open season test packages does your testing seem to be going ok ? i haven ' t heard from anyone yet . let rich or myself know . . . . toby richard abramowicz 07 / 19 / 2000 08 : 27 am to : jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , girish kaimal / ots / enron @ enron cc : subject : interactive open season test packages the interactive open season test packages are loaded on ios . ets . enron . com . we put in the change where shippers must bid on the full capacity of the package , no partial capacities are allowed . even though the package with the 3 month term has been loaded , we can remove it if we need to . the following test user have been set up for testing . user id password package 15 volume package 16 volume testl userl 20000 0 test 2 user 2 20000 0 test 3 user 3 20000 0 test 4 user 4 20000 0 test 5 user 5 20000 49000 test 6 user 6 20000 49000 test 7 user 7 0 49000 test 8 user 8 0 49000 test 9 user 9 0 49000 testl 0 userl 0 0 49000 this iosadmin password is k 97 hyt 86 because the ios application hasn ' t been thoroughly used since february of 1999 , it is very important to do this testing . i you need us to reset the bids or the end time , or if you notice any problems while testing , please page us at ( 877 ) 497 - 3254 . 
2	Subject: global risk management operations hello sally , and congratulations . i manage the technology development effort on bandwidth trading for enron communications . the area that you are managing are very interesting . i hope to meet with you soon and learn about your techniques on risk management . i am located on the 44 th floor . again , congratulations and good luck on the new assignment . best regards , peter ghavami - - - - - forwarded by peter ghavami / enron communications on 01 / 18 / 00 01 : 02 am - - - - - rick causey @ enron sent by : enron announcements @ enron 01 / 17 / 00 04 : 04 pm to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: the hottest cams on the net ! no more  
2	Subject: more money now stop making other people rich run your own business and make your own rules you can even work from home - no prior knowledge needed the cas?no industry has has 10 billion dollars / year for the taking want in on this ? call 1 - 877 - 467 - 2636 ext : 213 for more info . bilharziasis biracial coy addition emotional circus rpm verdict pedestal appanage cranford cedar deterred hoop dolan golf regis burette honey blood manage sanskrit puccini spitfire megohm distinguish deadwood syrinx encroach now advise calcify nutritive mouthful scoop your tomorrow dandelion interfere misanthrope centerline canister fresh repetition rheum conjuncture digit punster gosling seedling event hadrian doreen coercive curran smatter partial clark illegible characteristic  
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerful marketing tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: links this is the place i was talking about http : / / www . ivacation . com / p 6615 . htm some other links worth checking out http : / / www . texasvacation . com / http : / / www . turtlecreeklodge . com / http : / / www . roddytree . com / http : / / www . texashillco . com / http : / / www . reaganwells . com / 
2	Subject: re : bandwidth writing y ' all , stinson forwarded a copy to me last week . part 1 . 1 was published in this past monday ' s edition as is . i would suggest that unless you see some major error , don ' t suggest changes to samer that would delay the publication of part 2 , scheduled for this coming monday . sam shirley crenshaw @ ect 06 / 07 / 2000 10 : 14 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vincent tang / hou / ect @ ect , alexios kollaros / hou / ees @ ees , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , farouk lalji / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , ronnie chahal / hou / ees @ ees , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , leandro ibasco / corp / enron @ enron , yanna crystal / corp / enron @ enron , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , samer takriti / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , brad aimone / na / enron @ enron , datren williams / na / enron @ enron , eloise meza / na / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , ainsley gaddis / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : bandwidth writing hello all : samer takriti has requested that the attached document be forwarded to you for your feedback . vince would like to put this in the research newsletter . if you feel changes need to be made , please feel free to do so . thanks ! - fiber . pdf 
2	Subject: list louise - this is the list i sent john . lost one of these today . jeff royed . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gossett , jeffrey c . sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 10 : 41 am to : lavorato , john cc : hall , bob m subject : last first prior yr . normal yr . 50 % bhatia randy $ 1 , 700 . 00 $ 5 , 000 . 00 $ 2 , 500 . 00 keiser kam $ 22 , 000 . 00 $ 35 , 000 . 00 $ 17 , 500 . 00 loibl kori $ 8 , 000 . 00 $ 10 , 000 . 00 $ 5 , 000 . 00 love phillip $ 13 , 000 . 00 $ 20 , 000 . 00 $ 10 , 000 . 00 mclaughlin errol $ 13 , 500 . 00 $ 20 , 000 . 00 $ 10 , 000 . 00 palmer scott $ 10 , 500 . 00 $ 17 , 500 . 00 $ 8 , 750 . 00 royed jeff $ 1 , 500 . 00 $ 12 , 500 . 00 $ 6 , 250 . 00 severson russ $ 7 , 000 . 00 $ 10 , 000 . 00 $ 5 , 000 . 00 sprowles cathy $ 8 , 000 . 00 $ 10 , 000 . 00 $ 5 , 000 . 00 valdes john $ 12 , 500 . 00 $ 15 , 000 . 00 $ 7 , 500 . 00 winfree o ' neil $ 20 , 000 . 00 $ 20 , 000 . 00 $ 10 , 000 . 00 jones brad new $ 12 , 000 . 00 $ 6 , 000 . 00 kulic anna new $ 12 , 000 . 00 $ 6 , 000 . 00 john - those with lower numbers were only here for the fourth quarter last year . the ones with the sizable differences reflect promotions fom the prior year . also , i have already received a call from ted . thanks for your help . 
2	Subject: jcc study here is the information produced in the study for marc de la roche . - kevin k . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 12 / 20 / 2000 05 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin kindall 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 29 am to : russell dyk / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : jcc study - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin kindall 09 / 29 / 2000 05 : 11 pm to : james pyke / ap / enron @ enron cc : subject : jcc study hello . please read the jcc note . feedback welcome . - kevin k . 
2	Subject: win xp pro - retail : $ 270 . 95 - our price : $ 59 . 95 hi ! % first _ name % last _ name discoun software use this link to : http : / / www . xstepdown . info download avaible now ! windows xp pro sp 2 retail : $ 270 . 95 - our price : $ 59 . 95 ms office pro edition 2003 retail : $ 579 . 00 - our price : $ 79 . 95 autocad lt 2005 retail : $ 999 . 00 - our price : $ 99 . 95 quarkxpress 6 . 0 retail : $ 1045 - our price : $ 99 . 95 use this link to : http : / / www . xstepdown . info % jouk % mywords http : / / www . xstepdown . info 
2	Subject: re : eol phase 2 michael , please , contact zimin lu . vince kaminski michael danielson 06 / 30 / 2000 01 : 10 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : angela connelly / lon / ect @ ect , savita puthigai / na / enron @ enron subject : eol phase 2 thanks for your help on content for eol phase 2 . an additional piece of content that we are trying to include in our scope is an options calculator . this would be an interactive tool to teach less sophisticated counterparties about options . we would like to collaborate with someone in research to refine our approach ( and make sure we ' re using the right formulas ) . who should we contact in research for this ? attached is a mock - up of what we have in mind . . . - calculator prototype . ppt 
2	Subject: california update 7 / 24 / 01 it appears very likely that sb 78 xx will be the lead vehicle for the mou in the working group discussions and that ab 82 xx will move closer to sb 78 xx . ( note : ab 50 xx appears to have been dropped by wright so that he could keep his energy committee chairmanship ; he was being heavily criticized for opposing the assembly leadership with his bill . ) the two main points of contention between sb 78 xx and ab 82 xx appear to be the renewables portfolio ( sb 78 xx ' s version is thought of as more reasonable ) and the provisions for a puc reasonableness review of the long - term contracts . sb 82 xx prohibits a reasonableness review , and socal is pushing for this language to be incorporated into sb 78 xx . this language was also in the original mou between socal and the governor . 
2	Subject: resignation of jenny lu today we concluded our investigation concerning the resignation of jenny lu . we spoke to a total of five employees . two were suggested by jenny lu ( vanessa schultz and wally kinden ) and three suggested by joel henenberg ( mary gosnell , bill hare and connie sutton ) . the investigation did not uncover anything that would change our determination to accept jenny ' s resignation . therefore , effective november 13 , 2000 , we accepted jenny lu ' s resignation . this was communicated to jenny lu by hector mcloughlin . hector mcloughlin will be providing you with a verbal synopsis of the investigation . please feel free to call hector or me if you have any questions . frank dejesus 
2	Subject: re : exotica ( second request ) please see attached : enron europe from : sharad agnihotri 09 / 10 / 2000 11 : 56 to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect cc : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : exotica ( second request ) anjam , i have tried to call you on your mobile but with no success . please make sure you send me the exotica code . sharad 
2	Subject: re : your job is at stake . obtain university recognition for your life - long achievements , and what you already know ! awards can also be granted for the purpose of honoring those who exemplify the ideals of higher education through their significant achievements and contributions to business and society in their respective geographic area . for a doctorate or masters of business administration , a previous university education may not be required for persons with extensive experience in any field related to civil service , business administration , management , finance , healthcare , military , etc . it takes only 14 days if you start today , yes ! read more click here to submit your resume for evaluation to stop future solicitation click here  
2	Subject: breaking news would you ref inance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 3 . 23 % . have bad c [ r ] edit ? no problem ! low rates are fixed no matter what . fill out our small online form and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : ez - rate . info / bud / then came the parent . ( now , you need to know , i love the parents of the children i teach . ) this parent arrived on the scene with her son who had down ? s syndrome . she wanted a piece of software with real photos , one on each screen with the word in text and the word spoken aloud . i looked at her and thought to myself , ? b - o - r - i - n - g . the child will never respond to that . ? few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all iisted software is available for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe ! best regards , beatris  
2	Subject: tufco deal 108058 buddy - daren farmer called and said that on 4 / 30 / 2001 , on hpl deal # 108058 , that there was around 20 , 000 mmbtu scheduled , but when it was actualized , it was actualized at 0 . he thinks this is incorrect . can you check into this and get back with daren ? i ' ll be out of the office tomorrow , so please get back with him directly . thanks . 
2	Subject: february nominations at shell deer park - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shankster jl ( luther ) " on 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 33 : 52 am to : " ' lamphier , gary ' " cc : kyle . r . lilly @ enron . com , mary . poorman @ enron . com , " carter , john " , " ricks , ruth " subject : february nominations at shell deer park gary , february 2001 nominations for gas delivery to shell deer park are as follows : firm baseload - 75 , 000 mmbtu / d spot swing supply - 0 ( zero ) delivery of the above contract quantities is expected to be as follows : hpl - hp hpl - e hpl - s firm 15 , 000 mmbtu / d 25 , 000 mmbtu / d 35 , 000 mmbtu / d turnaround activity started in january is expected to continue for the duration of february please let me know if you have any questions j . luther shankster energy & utilities planning > phone : 713 / 277 - 9307 > fax : 713 / 277 - 9941 > e - mail : jlshankster @ equiva . com > home page : http : / / rsweb > 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012719 . txt 
2	Subject: quality software for less . software cds $ 15 and $ 99 get al software in 1 cd to teach well is to believe in what and whom you teach . education is the best provision for the journey to old age . 
2	Subject: e ` n ` 1 ` a ` r ` g ` e _ _ _ your _ _ _ p ` e ` n ` 1 ` s . _ _ _ _ id : bawled carolyn regretful watchfully procrustes godly rocker ordinal onerous reclaimers remunerate lounsbury dictate costed continued snooping digression rhine inseminate tilts instructs rejoice p ` e ` n ` 1 ` s _ _ _ _ _ e ` n ` 1 ` a ` r ` g ` e ` m ` e ` n ` t _ _ _ _ _ p ` 1 ` l ` l ` s hurtling brent gunners tortoises impatience e ` n ` 1 ` a ` r ` g ` e _ _ _ _ _ _ y 0 u r _ _ _ _ _ p ` e ` n ` 1 ` s arousal adherer mentality gunners mcguire personages barclay podium andalusian breath punic ramrod hitchcock tenure sierra advertise istvan household grasses artifices her - b 4 you . com / rms . html plastering invading brookhaven stared somersault badger inanimate inflated corollary glued porters flagstaff encircles donaldson aspired blister forbidding tracer trilled irregulars  
2	Subject: burmese dyer conquer what ' s up you gotta buy some g e n e r i c c , i , a , l , i , s get these and other benefits : - many times more powerful than other meds - longer sex - side effects are less - can add length to your erection to instantly order we also have a m b i e n , c i a l i s and . . . other meds physician ' s consult is f . r . e . e . f . r . e . e discreet shipping no more offers  
2	Subject: returned mail a message sent by you could not be delivered . subject : just to her . . . from : to : the original message was received at 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 00 + 0100 from ? - - - - - the following addresses had delivery problems - - - - - ( permanent unrecoverable error ) diese e - mail enthält vertrauliche und / oder rechtlich geschützte informationen . wenn sie nicht der richtige adressat sind oder diese e - mail irrtümlich erhalten haben , informieren sie bitte sofort den absender und vernichten sie diese mail . das unerlaubte kopieren sowie die unbefugte weitergabe dieser mail ist nicht gestattet . this e - mail may contain confidential and / or privileged information . if you are not the intended recipient ( or have received this e - mail in error ) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e - mail . any unauthorized copying , disclosure or distribution of the material in this e - mail is strictly forbidden . 
2	Subject: * * * * ipys * * * * ipys * * * * ipys * * * * ipys * * * * ipys * * * * ipys * * * * ipys * * * * ipys * * * * special alert : ( otcbb : ipys ) - - 200 % gains expected this urgent investor bulletin has been sent out to our millions of subscribers immediately to allow investors the opportunity to accumulate a substantial position in this great stock . instapay systems , inc . . ( otcbb : ipys ) is the latest new pick , set to really move in near future . this company deserves your immediate attention . stock mule team found a new winner yet again ! instapay systems , inc . , ( otcbb : ipys ) current price : $ 0 . 40 short term target : $ 1 . 20 short term gain ; 300 % instapay systems highlights no competition - ipys is the first and only transaction processing production system to enable internet merchants to accept atm card ( " pin " debit ) payments - this is a multibillion market currently , and the fastest growing segment of the transaction processing industry . online credit card and electronic check purchases totaled more than $ 90 billion in the us in 2003 . merchants pay only a fixed fee per transaction for pin debit transactions , as opposed to the way credlt card transactions are currently processed , as a percentage of the dollar amount of the transactions . merchants will save billions in transaction processing fees paid to visa , mc and other credit card companies . ipys developed the encrypted processing system enabling the use of atm cards over the internet and owns the patents to it as well as the gateway service for delivering this service over the internet . the company has already identified several major credit card transaction processing providers that are violating the company ' s patent and ipys is filing several civil law suits to collect the tens of millions due the company by some of the biggest names in the processing business . many large chain store merchants are opting to lower their electronic transaction processing costs by offering pin debit payment solutions to customers . in february 2004 wal - mart ( nyse : wmt ) began refusing mastercard signature debit cards and requires customers to enter their pin number , saving the chain tens of millions annually . ipys owns the patents to this process that walmart ' s processors are using . ebay ( nasdaq : ebay ) acquisition of paypal for 1 . 5 billion tied them into direct debit processing for ebay purchases this year . direct debit processing is expected to account for 45 % of all transactions by 2005 . ipys patents will allow the company to literally own this market . the stock mule team can ' t predict a long term target for ipys because no one knows what will happen when ipys signs its next several large nationally based chain stores to its transactions processing system . this stock could skyrocket to $ 10 . 00 overnight ; and then explode beyond our wildest dreams ! thank you for your trust and keep the faith the stock mule team this profile is not without bias , and is a paid release . writers and mailers have been compensated for the dissemination of company information on behalf of one or more of the companies mentioned in this release . parties involved in the creation and distribution of this profile have been compensated 40 , 000 dollars by a third party ( third party ) , who is nonaffiliated , for services provided including dissemination of company information in this release . pr and other individuals and other creators and mailers of this letter will sell all of its original shares during the distribution of this profile . parties involved may immediately sell some or any shares in a profiled company held by profile creators and may have previously sold shares in a profiled company held by pr individuals involved . our optin mailing services for a company may cause the company stock price to increase , in which event involved parties would make a profit when it sells its stock in the company . in addition , our selling of a company stock may have a negative effect on the market price of the stock . the past profiles are only the winners not all of our recommendations  
2	Subject: medical info : health watch for 2003 four seconds until picture is downloaded if you hadn ' t happened to find the piglet , eureka would surely have been executedyour body can not be very valuable to you if all your time is required to feed it 
2	Subject: re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000 drogi panie andrzeju , prosze powolac sie na mnie . w . kaminski andrzej wodnicki on 02 / 22 / 2000 04 : 02 : 42 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000 drogi panie kaminski ! bardzo przepraszam za klopot . wiem , ze jest pan niezmiernie zajetym czlowiekiem . jednak chcialem zapytac sie pana o jeszcze jedna kluczowa dla nas sprawe , ze wzgledy na termin naszego wydarzenia - 7 marzec 2000 . mianowicie , czy byloby mozliwe , aby w rozmowie z panem astramowiczem powolac sie na pana . wydaje mi sie , ze bardzo by nam pana nazwisko pomoglo . bardzo liczymy na pana pomoc , pozdrawiam andrzej wodnicki 
2	Subject: notification luckyday international . nationwide lotto uksouth park 310 green lane , ilford , igl lxt , essex . from : the desk of the vice president . international promotions / prize award . batch no : ldnl / 001134 / 04 . ref . no . ldnl / 1285579 / 04 award notification . this is to inform you of the release of the email lottery ballot international / world gaming board winners of the scientific game promo lottery ; united kingdom . each email address was randomly selected and attached to ticket numbers and the numbers here quoted won the lottery in the 3 rd category . corporate and individual email addresses were selected fromaustralia , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . this was held on 20 may 2005 , but due to the mix up of number , the results were released on the 26 may 2005 . your email address attached to ticket number 600235 with serial number 768955 drew the lucky numbers of 13 - 7 - 9 , which consequently won thelottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved for alump sum payout of eurl , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million euros ) in cashcredited to file with ref . no . ldnl / 1285579 / 04 . congratulations : in a bid to correct the mix up of some numbers andnames , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims have been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawnfrom only microsoft users from over 20 , 000 company and 3 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . thispromotional program takes place annually . please be informed that all non - resident of the united kingdom arerequired to pay between eur 300 - 900 euros for their non - resident processing / application fee as a prerequisite to the processing of their winnings prior to the pay out and collection of their winning prize . the amount is subject to your country of origin . to begin your lottery claim , please contact the fiducial processing agent mr . tom hames of the foreign operation / claims department of the appointed company , luckyday international b . v . . tomhames @ eresmas . com . tel + 447879271906 ( who has beendesignated for the processing andremittance of your winning prize money to a destination of your choice . any claim not made will be returned to the , united kingdom . note that all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . n . b : any persons under the age of 18 are automatically disqualified fromthis programme . accept our warmest felicitation and congratulations as we wait on your swift contact back to your designated fiducial agent for guidance on the procedures of claims and payment . yours , iris hans kok ( mrs ) . national co - ordinator . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sos aldeas infantiles . ning?n ni?o sin hogar . http : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 16697255 ; 7829128 ; z ? http : / / ad . es . doubleclick . net / clk ; 15339847 ; 11200040 ; r ? http : / / www . aldeasinfantiles . es / aldeas / microsite / index . htm 
2	Subject: fw : cms rfp response fyi - - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " greg felton " @ enron + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : monday , march 19 , 2001 6 : 52 pm to : jafry , rahil ; abbanat , stephen subject : cms rfp response gentleman , i ' ve attached a copy of the rfp response for cms . it has been delivered via email and a hardcopy will be delivered tomorrow . please review the proposal and let ' s determine if there are any channels enron can work to ensure we make the short list . also , in anticipation of making the list i would like to discuss our presentation strategy . are you available wednesday to meet . i ' m not available mid - afternoon . please advise . thanks , greg office : ( 713 ) 868 - 5537 xl 148 mobile : ( 281 ) 787 - 9760 email : gregory . felton @ cgiusa . com - cms panhandle pipe line rfp response . zip 
2	Subject: email marketing style type  text / css ! - - p { font - size : 12 px ; } - - / style / head body pbfont size  + 1 email marketing ! / font / bbr br nbsp ; we offer you e - mail addresses databases for advertisement mailing ; we sell databases also carry out mailing and hosting for the advertising projects . br br productsbr br font color  # 000099 world email lists . nbsp ; their validity and originality are verified / font . font face  arial blacka href  http : / / asp 5 . 6 to 23 . com / kjkl 11 / web / index . htm target  _ blankfont face  georgiabdetails please go to our website / b / font / a / fontbr br font color  # 000099 country or area total emails / fontbr br america nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 175 million email address br europe nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 156 million email address br asia nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 168 million email address br china ( prc ) nbsp ; 80 million email address nbsp ; span class  basetxt / spanbr hongkong nbsp ; nbsp ; 3 . 25 million email address br taiwan nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 2 . 25 million email address span class  basetxt / spanbr japan nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 27 million email addressnbsp ; span class  basetxt / spanbr australianbsp ; nbsp ; 6 million email address br canda nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 10 million email address nbsp ; br russia nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 38 million email address span class  basetxt / spanbr england nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 22 million email address br germannbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 40 million email address nbsp ; br france nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 38 million email address br india nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 12 million email address br other country or area nbsp ; br br nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; span class  basetxt / spanbr font color  # 000099 category name total emails / fontbr br apparel , fashion , textiles and leather nbsp ; 4 , 654 , 565 br automobile amp ; transportation nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 6 , 547 , 845 br business services nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 6 , 366 , 344 br chemicals nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 3 , 445 , 565 br computer amp ; ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 654 , 655 br construction amp ; real estate nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 3 , 443 , 544 br consumer electronics nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 1 , 333 , 443 br energy , minerals amp ; metals nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 6 , 765 , 683 br environment nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 656 , 533 br food amp ; agriculture nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 1 , 235 , 354 nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; br gems amp ; jewellery nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 565 , 438 br health amp ; beauty nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 804 , 654 br home supplies nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 323 , 232 br industrial suppliesnbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 415 , 668 br office supplies nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 1 , 559 , 892 br packaging amp ; papernbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 5 , 675 , 648 br printing amp ; publishing nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 6 , 563 , 445 br security amp ; protection nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 5 , 653 , 494 br sports amp ; entertainment nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 3 , 488 , 455 br toys , gifts and handicraftsnbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 2 , 135 , 654 br br ! $ all of country email lists + email sender express + add url express + etrae express + ebookbr br br br font color  # 000099 send your ad to millions / font br br 20 nbsp ; million bulk email br 50 nbsp ; million bulk email br 100 million bulk email br 200 million bulk email br br imagine emailing 500 , 000 recipients and 1 out of every 1000 orders your product , that ' s 500 new orders ! br * we go all - out to make sure our customers are completely satisfied br * if any emails fail to make delivery , we replace them free of chargebr * 100 % spam free , rest assured you will not be accused of spammingbr * almost all of our emails are sent to valid email addressesbr * no software required , we do all the mailing from our own serverbr * don ' t be fooled in signing up with similar sites offering services that cannot compare to oursbr * get the most bang for your buck with bulk email advantage ! br br br br a href  http : / / asp 5 . 6 to 23 . com / kjkl 11 / web / index . htm target  _ blankfont size  + 2 face  impactbdetails go to website / b / font / afont color  # 000099 br br br thank you ! br br the silver star internet information companybr br copyright ! $ 2004 - 2005 all reservedbr br br remove please email : a href  mailto : emailadl 234 @ sina . com ? subject  removeemailadl 234 @ sina . com / abr / body  
2	Subject: ra ! uacteub order sildenafil citrate and tadalafil directly from fda - approved manufacturers in india . save up to 95 % on your ed drugs . 0 . 95 $ per dose ! ! ! ! visit our site  
2	Subject: returned mail : user unknown the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 08 gmt from smtpscan - eur 3 . philips . com [ 130 . 144 . 57 . 166 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to ehvgshol - srv . diamond . philips . com . : > > > rcpt to : . . . user unknown 
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : wrapup 1 - credit quality in broad decline as defaults soar . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : u . s . firms say deals with enron at normal levels . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 enron bonds stabilize but market players are concerned capital markets report - 10 / 29 / 01 enron ' s stock continues slide on credit woes associated press newswires - 10 / 29 / 01 uk : uk power mkt focuses on prompt after low peak deal . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : update 2 - enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : trade idea - junk rating not likely for enron . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : enron shares drop to near seven - year lows . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 enron long - term ratings all placed on review for downgrade - moody ' s afx news - 10 / 29 / 01 enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron credit cut by moody ' s ; cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron may be royal dutch / shell takeover target , newsletter says bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 insiders at electric utilities showing their faith thestreet . com - 10 / 29 / 01 a debacle like enron ' s can undermine the entire market realmoney . com - 10 / 29 / 01 moody ' s downgrades enron ' s debt enron asking banks for more credit cbsmarketwatch . com - 10 / 29 / 01 enron goes begging forbes . com - 10 / 29 / 01 in these challenging times , enron deserves our thanks houston chronicle - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : wrapup 1 - credit quality in broad decline as defaults soar . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( wraps financial - creditquality - moodys and financial - defaults - s & p ) by jonathan stempel new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - corporate credit quality will likely grow much worse before it gets better , and about $ 100 billion of corporate debt will likely go into default this year as the united states heads into recession , according to reports issued on monday by two top credit rating agencies . moody ' s investors service said it put ratings on review for downgrade for 122 u . s . companies with $ 543 billion of debt in the third quarter , dwarfing the 22 companies with $ 66 billion of debt it put on review for upgrade . reviews are a leading indicator of the direction of corporate credit . " a wide excess of rating reviews for downgrade over upgrades in the third quarter suggests credit deterioration will persist at least into early next year , " said john puchalla , moody ' s senior economist . meanwhile , standard & poor ' s said more than 200 companies will default on about $ 100 billion of debt this year , compared with 117 defaulting on a record $ 42 . 3 billion in 2000 . it said the default rate for junk bonds - those rated " bb - plus " or lower by s & p and " bal " or lower by moody ' s because of their credit risks - will reach 9 . 4 percent by year end . moody ' s forecasts a 10 percent rate . " the u . s . economy is clearly in a recession , " said s & p chief economist david wyss in a statement . " although standard & poor ' s expects it to be relatively mild and end in early 2002 , the risk of a longer and deeper downturn is high . " both agencies said the sept . 11 attacks contributed to a deepening of a three - year slump in corporate credit quality . moody ' s blamed 38 reviews for downgrade in september alone on the attacks . costs rise , protection weakens u . s . corporate credit quality is falling for many reasons . these include the weakening economy , the inability of many marginal companies to raise cash at tolerable interest rates , share buybacks , debt - financed merger activity , and fallout from the attacks on such industries as airlines , insurance and travel . " many companies in financial difficulties will see their funding sources dry up and be pushed over the brink , " said david keisman , managing director at s & p risk solutions . even well - known companies are suffering rating declines . on monday alone , for example , s & p downgraded mcdonald corp . after the world ' s largest fast - food chain said it will buy back up to $ 5 billion of stock , at a time s & p said the company ' s " growth prospects for the future are less optimistic . " meanwhile , moody ' s downgraded enron corp . , and warned it may downgrade it again . the energy trading giant is struggling with vanishing investor confidence , reflected in a share price that has plunged by more than half in two weeks , as it tries to keep access to cash it needs to run its business . puchalla said the credit quality decline could slow next year , in part because interest rates are low and companies are managing their balance sheets more conservatively . " lower borrowing costs and slowing debt growth should reduce debt servicing costs , and fiscal stimulus from the federal government should boost business revenues , " he said . still , through friday , moody ' s has said in the fourth quarter it may downgrade 47 companies , and upgrade just four . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : u . s . firms say deals with enron at normal levels . by andrew kelly 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 29 ( reuters ) - major u . s . wholesale natural gas and electricity traders said on monday their deals with troubled enron corp . are still running at normal levels . but some are keeping a wary eye on the company ' s finances and credit status after a downgrade by one of the major rating agencies . " we certainly are very well aware of what our exposure is to them and watching that on a daily basis , " chief executive marce fuller of atlanta energy marketer mirant corp . told reuters . " at this point , i would categorize it as pretty much as business as usual with enron , but we ' ll have to keep a close eye on it as we move forward , " said fuller . officials at companies such as houston natural gas firm el paso corp . and columbus , ohio , utility holding company american electric power co . inc . expressed similar sentiments , saying nothing had changed in their dealings with the houston - based energy company , at least for the time being . " we continue to trade with them , " said spokeswoman jennifer pierce of charlotte - based utility duke energy corp . . " they ' ve always been meticulous in their credit management and we continue to see that with them , " she added . enron ' s shares fell to yet another new low on monday as the company said it was lobbying banks for a new credit line and rating agency moody ' s investor service downgraded the company ' s senior unsecured debt to two notches above junk - bond status . since oct . 12 enron ' s stock has fallen some 60 percent after the company reported its first quarterly loss in over four years , wrote down shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion dollars and failed to quell investors ' jitters about a series of complex off - balance - sheet financial deals . confidence crumbles analysts say that if confidence in enron continued to crumble , it could restrict the company ' s access to credit and thus create problems for its core energy trading operations . european energy industry sources told reuters earlier on monday that there was already evidence of european companies shying away from trading with enron because of credit worries . several large energy groups have frozen their dealings with enron in europe as they hold urgent talks with the u . s . group about setting up new credit arrangements , the sources said . " they are talking with us about bank letters of credit , " said the head of risk management at one u . k . utility that halted its trade with enron last week . " the people that are still trading with them are doing so on a very restrictive basis . " traders in the u . s . wholesale energy markets said on monday that they were continuing to deal with enron and still regard the company as a reliable trading partner . " i don ' t have any problems dealing with enron , especially since i ' m doing day - ahead trades . but i have heard the rumors of people not wanting to deal with them , " one natural gas trader in the u . s . southeast told reuters . a trader who specializes in longer - term deals in the forwards market for electricity said publicity about enron ' s woes had not yet led to any loss of market liquidity . " obviously there ' s a concern , but the financial situation is not a factor now , " the trader said . despite the public words of reassurance that many of them have been speaking , enron ' s major competitors and trading partners continue to monitor the situation closely . " any time a counterparty starts looking like their credit rating is deteriorating , then that would certainly be a signal to us to become more worried , " said mirant ' s fuller . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron bonds stabilize but market players are concerned by michael c . barr of dow jones newswires 10 / 29 / 2001 capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - uncertainty about enron corp . ( ene ) continues to dog investors concerned about the future of the houston - based energy services company . " it ' s such a fluid situation that the market would like to see a clarification of the company ' s circumstances , " said eric bergson , portfolio manager , northern trust global investments , chicago . until this occurs , the outlook for the company ' s bonds is choppy , he added . enron drew down about $ 3 billion in credit lines last week to increase cash reserves and calm jittery markets , buying back its outstanding commercial paper . and , it ' s currently negotiating with its bank group for an additional $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in new credit , according to a report in monday ' s wall street journal . enron ' s troubles began earlier this month with the announcement of a $ 618 million third - quarter loss and the disclosure of a $ 1 . 2 billion erosion of investor equity related to transactions conducted with its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . " the company did not learn from the mistakes of others by not being ahead of the game on disclosure , " said mitch stapley , portfolio manager and chief fixed income officer , fifth third investment advisors , grand rapids , mich . it becomes harder to regain investors ' trust , he said . moody ' s investors service lowered the company ' s senior unsecured long - term debt rating monday to baa 2 from baal . the debt is rated triple - b - plus by standard & poor ' s corp . , with a negative outlook . fitch also maintains a triple - b - plus rating and it placed the debt on rating watch negative late last week . both fitch and moody ' s cited negative investor reaction to recent company developments . and moody ' s added that its " analysis of the developing situation will focus on management ' s success in lining up further liquidity support and on their ability to retain credit availability from their major counterparties . " one money manager said he was concerned " about the fallout and its impact on the company ' s ability to trade " energy . the company ' s bonds already have suffered as a result of the uncertainty . the bonds with a 6 . 40 % coupon maturing in 2006 were offered at a dollar price of 80 on friday . many investors believe that the 80 dollar price point is a demarcation separating high - yield debt from distressed debt levels . the company ' s bonds improved a little on monday , to about an 83 dollar price . " i ' m seeing offerings but no bids , " said harold rivkin , principal , h . rivkin 201 - 938 - 2008 ; michael . barr @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s stock continues slide on credit woes 10 / 29 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - enron corp . ' s stock slid to new lows on monday , pushed down in part by moody ' s investors service announcing a possible downgrade of the company ' s credit rating pending a review . the downgrade came as enron negotiates with banks to establish new credit lines as the largest u . s . natural gas and power marketing company struggles to bounce back from disappointing third quarter earnings and a scandal over losses stemming from partnerships managed by the company ' s former chief financial officer . in trading monday afternoon on the new york stock exchange , enron shares were down nearly 9 percent , or dlrs 1 . 38 a share , at dlrs 14 . 02 - their lowest level in nearly seven years . a year ago , enron stock sold at nearly dlrs 85 a share . enron ' s efforts to acquire more credit came after the houston - based company last week decided to cash in about dlrs 3 billion in revolving credit it has with various banks to shore up investor confidence . " we are in discussions about new credit lines , " enron spokeswoman karen denne said monday . " we ' re taking action to restore investor and market confidence . " denne would not disclose how much credit the company was seeking . but the wall street journal quoted unidentified sources who said the amount is between dlrs 1 billion and dlrs 2 billion and that the deal is close to being completed . denne said of the dlrs 3 billion in credit enron cashed in last week , dlrs 2 billion of it was used to pay short term debt . currently , there are no plans for the other dlrs 1 billion , she said . moody ' s on monday placed all of enron ' s long term debt obligations on review for downgrade , citing " substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . " on oct . 16 , enron reported a net loss of dlrs 638 million in the third quarter , taking a one - time charge of dlrs 1 . 01 billion attributed to investment losses , troubled assets and unit restructurings . enron ' s stock was hammered over the next week as it became apparent some of those losses were tied to partnerships managed by enron ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . concerns about a potential conflict of interest touched off an inquiry by the securities and exchange commission . enron ousted fastow last week . moody ' s said in a press release the " magnitude of the announced charges will reduce enron ' s equity base and increase nominal financial leverage to somewhat over 50 percent while slashing earnings . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : uk power mkt focuses on prompt after low peak deal . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 29 ( reuters ) - interest in britain ' s electricity markets focused on the prompt after the sale of peak power at an unexpected low price tugged other prompt contracts lower . traders said the market was surprised by the sale of day ahead peak power for efa blocks three and four , from 0700 to 1500 , at 13 . 50 pounds per megawatt hour which they said was below coal - or gas - fired power stations ' operating cost . " it was an interesting day . it was hard to believe someone could sell at those prices - it ' s below marginal costs , " said one trader . day ahead baseload opened relatively firm at 19 . 50 / 20 . 50 pounds but slipped during the day to around 18 pounds and was traded at about 17 . 56 pounds after the low peak trades . traders said the forward curve was quite with contracts ending slightly lower . attention focused on troubled u . s . energy trader enron with european companies shying away from dealing with the utility because of credit concerns . several large energy groups have frozen their dealings with enron as they hold urgent talks with the u . s . group about setting up new credit arrangements . enron is one of the largest traders in the uk market but traders said it was too early see any impact on liquidity . " friday and monday tend to be quieter anyway - it ' s hard to tell if there ' s any effect from enron , " said one trader . enron in london declined to comment on the situation . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 2 - enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( changes paragraph 1 , adds background details and byline , updates stock price ) by david howard sinkman new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - energy trading giant enron corp . , its shares in a new free - fall to near seven - year lows , said on monday it is seeking additional credit to bolster investor confidence after tapping about $ 3 billion in credit last week . enron , the nation ' s biggest energy trader , declined to comment on the size of the credit line , which banks it is in talks with or when it expects to complete an agreement on the new credit line . " we want to restore investor and market confidence and nothing instills confidence like cash , " said enron spokesman mark palmer in houston , referring to company efforts to secure new credit . company shares again tumbled on monday , shedding $ 1 . 57 , or 10 . 13 percent , to $ 13 . 93 in midday trade on the new york stock exchange . once a wall street darling , the stock has tumbled more than half in price since enron released earnings two weeks ago , losing about $ 15 . 1 billion in market capitalization as investors fretted about the transparency of off - balance sheet transactions . moody ' s investors service on monday cut enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to two notches above junk status , and warned it may cut it again , as well as its rating for enron ' s commercial paper . rating agency standard & poor ' s on thursday revised its outlook for enron ' s ratings to " negative " from " stable . " enron ' s credit - worthiness has a direct affect on the price it pays to take out loans , and the perception among its trading partners on the company ' s ability to make good on trades . moody ' s said enron is suffering from deteriorating financial flexibility since it announced big write - downs and equity charges from previously undisclosed partnership investments . it said this triggered " difficulties in rolling over commercial paper . " industry sources on monday said several large energy companies in europe are shying away from trading with enron amid concerns about the company ' s credit status . sign of weakness enron shares have tumbled since the company reported its first - quarterly loss in more than four years on oct . 16 . the company also wrote down $ 1 . 2 billion in equity , including transactions with partnerships formerly run by its chief financial officer who was forced to step down from enron last week . the sell - off was sparked by investor concern about the transparency of the transactions , which the securities and exchange commission is examining . enron last week replaced cfo andrew fastow as part of efforts to restore investor confidence . the wall street journal reported monday the size of the credit line enron is negotiating is between $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion . enron said it drew down about $ 3 billion in credit lines last week , and has a net cash liquid position in excess of $ 1 billion . however , many industry observes see the request by enron , which has about $ 63 . 4 billion in energy assets , for an additional credit as a sign of weakness . " clearly , both the stock and bond market view enron as being in dire straits , " said independent research firm gimme credit analyst carol levenson , who specializes in high grade corporate bonds . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead it ' s an act of desperation . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : trade idea - junk rating not likely for enron . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - a collapse of market confidence could hurt the credit quality of energy trading giant enron corp . , but its bonds are not likely to end up in junk territory , fixed - income research service gimmecredit said on monday . moreover , enron ' s bonds could be undervalued if the company ' s off - balance - sheet obligations amount to no more than $ 3 billion , as reported , gimmecredit said . " worst case , enron doesn ' t look like a junk credit , " gimmecredit analyst carol levenson said . " but perception is all , and clearly both the stock and bond markets view enron as being in dire straits . " enron ' s bonds fell sharply on friday after the energy giant drew down about $ 3 billion from a credit line and said it was in talks with its banks to obtain a new multibillion - dollar credit line . the company ' s stock has lost more than half of its value in the last two weeks as investors questioned off - balance - sheet transactions between the company and two limited partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . the u . s . securities and exchange commission is looking into those transactions for possible conflicts of interest . " we admit management ' s financial disclosure remains woefully inadequate , " gimmecredit said . " however , botched investor communication does not necessarily equate to illegal or fraudulent behavior . " still , enron ' s move last week to draw down all of its backup bank lines was " an act of desperation , " gimmecredit said . the move eventually may lead to renegotiated bank agreements , which could be more expensive and restrictive and could also subordinate the position of bondholders , it said . " on the plus side is our belief that management will do everything in their power to preserve the company ' s investment - grade ratings , " the firm said . another positive is a precedent the rating agencies set with kmart corp . in the mid - 1990 s , when they tried to avoid being the cause of a company ' s financial downfall , gimmecredit said . moody ' s investors service on monday cut enron ' s senior unsecured rating to " baa 2 " from " baal " and kept it on review for further downgrade . moody ' s said its actions were prompted by deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility since the company announced significant write - downs and equity charges in previously undisclosed partnership investments . last thursday , standard & poor ' s revised its outlook on enron to negative while affirming its " bbb - plus " long - term rating . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares drop to near seven - year lows . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - enron corp . shares fell to their lowest level in almost seven years in early trade on monday following news that north america ' s largest natural gas and electricity trader was considering tapping additional credit lines to ease financial concerns that have sent its stock slumping more than 50 percent in the past two weeks . enron shares were down $ 1 . 55 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 95 on the new york stock exchange . the shares have not been under $ 14 since december 1994 . earlier , the credit - rating agency moody ' s investor service placed all long term - debt obligations of enron under review for downgrade following the company ' s announcement of significant write - downs and charges , reflecting substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . moody ' s said the actions affect enron ' s broadband operations , its merchant portfolio , and the azurix water company holdings . last week enron shares lost almost $ 14 billion in market value as a series of piecemeal disclosures about the company ' s involvement in complex partnerships began to trickle out . many industry observers see enron ' s request for additional credit , after the company tapped its banks for $ 3 . 3 billion last week , as a sign a weakness . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead . . . it ' s an act of desperation , " said carol levenson , an analyst with independent research firm gimmecredit . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron long - term ratings all placed on review for downgrade - moody ' s 10 / 29 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - moody ' s investors service said it placed all the long - term debt obligations of enron on review for downgrade following the company ' s announcement of significant write - downs and charges , reflecting substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . the magnitude of the announced charges will reduce enron ' s equity base and increase nominal financial leverage to somewhat over 50 pct while slashing earnings , moody ' s said in a statement . the company ' s previously announced sale of portland general , however , will result in cash proceeds approximating 1 . 8 bln usd which management is earmarking for debt reduction . in addition , the sale will remove approximately 1 bln usd of debt obligations from enron ' s balance sheet . however , moody ' s noted that , while this transaction will go a long way to help restore enron ' s balance sheet , it requires regulatory approval and is likely to take up to a year to complete . enron has a baal senior unsecured rating . lj for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 16 : 46 ( new york ) enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) ( adds bondholder quote and background on commercial paper . ) new york , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares declined a ninth day as moody ' s investors service lowered its credit rating , raising concern the largest energy trader would be cut off from raising the cash it needs to fund day - to - day operations . moody ' s lowered enron ' s senior unsecured long - term debt ratings to ` ` baa 2 , ' ' two levels above junk , from ` ` baal ' ' and also placed the houston - based company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade . moody ' s may downgrade enron ' s commercial paper rating , which would make it harder for the firm to borrow the short - term cash needed to run its trading businesses . ahead of a potential cut , enron took out bank lines to repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week , largely removing itself from that borrowing arena . ` ` they ' ve pretty much already written off coming to the commercial - paper market , ' ' said shannon bass , who holds enron bonds in the $ 50 million he helps manage at pacific investment management co . ` ` the real issue now is trying to get their house in order . ' ' pimco is ` ` well underweight ' ' enron bonds relative to bond benchmarks the portfolios are matched to , bass said . shut out companies such as xerox corp . , which was shut out of the commercial - paper market a year ago before its credit ratings were reduced , were forced to borrow on bank credit lines to access cash . investors in commercial paper , borrowings due in nine months or less , also stopped buying motorola inc . and lucent technologies inc . short - term debt , forcing the firms to restructure borrowing , sell assets , and find alternative financing sources that typically cost more . enron shares plunged $ 1 . 59 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 81 , continuing a slide that dates back to oct . 17 , when enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses from investments outside its business of energy trading . the stock traded near $ 90 in september 2000 and touched a seven - year low of $ 13 . 55 today . enron has lost more than $ 50 billion in market value this year . on dec . 31 , the company had a market capitalization of $ 62 . 7 billion . today , the market value was $ 10 . 5 billion . deterioration while enron shares have sank about 60 percent in a week , its bonds are down about 20 percent . a company ' s stock typically falls faster than its debt because bondholders have first claim on assets after bank loans are paid . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent bonds maturing in 2006 fell 4 cents to 80 cents on the $ 1 of face value after the moody ' s downgrade . yields have risen to 12 . 1 percent , up from 10 . 8 before that downgrade , traders said . the bonds were trading at 100 cents the week before . moody ' s said the cut was prompted by the ` ` deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility ' ' since the write - downs and charges . the partnership investments had not been disclosed before this month , which ` ` led to a substantial loss in investor confidence , ' ' according to moody ' s . ` ` a credit downgrade will be punitive as far as their borrowing power , ' ' said joe correnti , who follows enron for wayne hummer investments llc in chicago . ` ` that ' s not a good place for them to be . they have somewhat aggressive expansion plans . ' ' enron ' s recent woes had many investors factoring in a credit - rating reduction . ` ` this move was anticipated , ' ' said mike dineen , who holds enron bonds in the $ 5 billion of fixed - income assets he helps manage at mony life insurance co . there are about $ 15 . 8 billion of enron bonds outstanding , almost $ 9 billion of which comes due between 2003 and 2006 , according to bloomberg data . cash needed last week , enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow after the u . s . securities and exchange commission asked for information about transactions he conducted for partnerships he headed . in august , jeff skilling quit as enron chief executive , eight months after taking the position , and chairman ken lay moved back into the position . enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors , the wall street journal reported . the company ' s stock has plummeted 57 percent since oct . 17 , when fastow ' s partnerships were disclosed . enron uses its investment - grade credit rating to borrow money for the cash it needs every day to settle commodities trades and to keep trading partners . ` ` when you act as a middleman you need high credit ratings . it ' s likely their trading volumes will go down ' ' as other energy and financial firms seek higher - rated trading partners , said sean egan , managing director at egan - jones ratings co . , which gives enron ' s credit a junk grade of ` ` bb + . ' ' enron ' s long - term ratings outlook was changed last week to negative from stable by standard & poor ' s . s & p affirmed the firm ' s rating of ` ` bbb + ' ' , the equivalent of moody ' s ` ` baal ' ' . ` ` we have been split - rated before and it did not affect our growth , ' ' said karen denne , a spokeswoman for houston - based enron . ` ` we are still investment grade . ' ' enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 16 : 08 ( new york ) enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) ( updates with closing share price in last paragraph . ) houston , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which can ' t get low - interest , short - term loans , faces skeptical lenders who will demand increasingly harsher terms as the largest energy trader tries to get cash in the bank , credit analysts said . ` ` anyone providing new funding is going to be nervous , ' ' said sean egan , managing director at egan - jones ratings co . ` ` it ' s likely that lenders are going to demand collateral . ' ' enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors after a 52 percent drop in the company ' s stock since oct . 17 , the wall street journal reported . the company needs cash every day to settle commodities transactions and to keep trading partners . the company on thursday tapped $ 3 . 3 billion in bank credit lines last week to pay off about $ 2 billion in commercial paper , or short - term corporate loans . a week ago , the enron said the u . s . securities and exchange commission had began an inquiry into related - party transactions . they cost the company $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . ` ` banks are in the driver ' s seat , and enron is a little desperate , ' ' said peter petas , a debt analyst at creditsights inc . ` ` i think their interest rates for loans would go up . ' ' sells assets for cash companies in enron ' s situation often agree to other bank terms in order to secure loans , petas said . those can include agreeing to use proceeds from selling assets to pay debt and putting up assets as collateral . enron is attempting to sell assets to raise cash . two related partnerships , osprey and marlin , depend on selling power plants and similar assets to repay $ 3 . 3 billion borrowed to buy the plants . enron may have to pay any difference between the debt and sales proceeds . the company plans to complete the $ 2 . 9 billion sale of portland general electric , an oregon utility , to northwest natural gas co . next year . shares of houston - based enron fell $ 1 . 59 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 81 . the stock has tumbled 82 percent in the past 12 months . enron may be royal dutch / shell takeover target , newsletter says 2001 - 10 - 29 13 : 31 ( new york ) houston , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - the royal dutch / shell group , the second - largest publicly traded oil company , may be interested in buying enron corp . , which has seen its stock price plunge in the last two weeks , industry newsletter power finance cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 12 : 29 ( new york ) enron credit cut by moody ' s ; cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) ( adds yield data in fourth paragraph ; adds moody ' s comments in sixth and seventh paragraphs . ) new york , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s credit rating was cut by moody ' s investors service after the largest energy trader wrote down the value of its assets because of losses from private partnerships . moody ' s also said it may downgrade enron ' s commercial paper rating , which could make it harder for the company to borrow the short - term cash it needs to run its trading business in the future . the company borrowed from banks to repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week . ` ` this move was anticipated , ' ' said mike dineen , who holds enron bonds in the $ 5 billion of fixed - income assets he helps manage at mony life insurance co . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent coupon notes due in 2006 fell as much as 4 cents to bid at 80 cents on $ 1 of face value after the moody ' s downgrade , traders said . the bonds tumbled from about par value a week ago . yields have risen to 12 . 1 percent , up from 10 . 8 before that downgrade , traders said . shares of enron fell as much as $ 1 . 85 , or 12 percent , to $ 13 . 55 . moody ' s lowered the senior unsecured long - term debt ratings of enron to ` ` baa 2 , ' ' two levels above junk , from ` ` baal . ' ' the ratings company said they may be lowered further . moody ' s placed the company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade . moody ' s said the cut was prompted by the ` ` deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility ' ' since the write - downs and charges . the partnership investments had not been disclosed before . enron ' s recent disclosures have ` ` led to a substantial loss in investor confidence , ' ' moody ' s said in its news release . cash needed enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses this month from investments outside its business of trading commodities such as electricity and natural gas . chief financial officer andrew fastow quit as the u . s . securities and exchange commission asked for information about transactions he conducted for partnerships he headed . enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors , the wall street journal reported . the company ' s stock has plummeted 57 percent since oct . 17 , when the partnerships were disclosed . enron uses its investment - grade credit rating to borrow money for the cash it needs every day to settle commodities trades and to keep trading partners . ` ` enron definitely depends on higher ratings , ' ' dineen said . enron ' s long - term credit ratings outlook was changed last week to negative from stable by standard & poor ' s . s give me a call at 1 - 800 - 862 - 8686 between 3 and 4 p . m . moody ' s downgrades enron ' s debt enron asking banks for more credit lisa sanders cbsmarketwatch . com 10 / 29 / 01 new york ( cbs . mw ) - shares of enron fell further monday after moody ' s investors service downgraded enron ' s long - term debt a notch . enron , which hit a 52 - week high of $ 84 . 88 on dec . 29 , was well on its way to another year low monday . heading for a ninth straight day of losses , enron shed more than 9 percent , or $ 1 . 41 , to $ 13 . 99 . the stock was again the most active mover on the new york stock exchange as close to 28 million shares had changed hands . moody ' s said it cut the senior unsecured long - term debt to baa 2 from baal , and the ratings remain on review for potential additional downgrades . the action follows enron ' s reported $ 1 . 01 billion charge in the third quarter and was driven by the expectation of further write - downs and the swift deterioration of the company ' s financial picture , said stephen moore , vice president at moody ' s . " however , we do feel the move enron made to draw down their revolvers to pay off their commercial paper was a smart business move , " said stephen moore , vice president at moody ' s . the rating agency said it would review the prime - 2 rating on enron ' s commercial paper . last thursday , enron announced it had tapped its lines of credit to provide more than $ 1 billion in cash liquidity and that would it use $ 2 billion to pay down commercial paper . the decision to pay off the commercial paper , he said , accomplishes two goals . " it increases liquidity on a short - term basis , and additionally , it enables them to focus on other areas they need to focus on right now , " moore said . " they are working on setting up an additional facility for further capital to support their wholesale trading business . " karen denne , an enron spokesperson , confirmed monday that the company is in discussions with banks for further financing . additional credit would help boost enron ' s liquidity position . the lingering concern for moody ' s is that there " yet may be something else out there that gets to the credibility issue of enron itself , " moore said . at the heart of the credibility issue are two limited partnerships - - lmj and lmj 2 - created in 1999 by former cfo andy fastow and since dissolved . enron ousted fastow last week . see related story . " the market was unaware , " of the existence of the partnerships , moore said . " quite frankly , we don ' t think there is anything else , " he said . " but enron is huge , and if this could happen . . . there is a lingering concern that something else might happen . we cannot confirm or deny that this is true . we will be meeting soon with them to resolve issues such as these . " moore said the meeting could come as soon as this week . " should the wholesale trading business and the counterparties therein become impacted by these events , that could lead to the slowing growth of the wholesale business , the enron engine , " he said . moody ' s action monday also negatively affected the ratings on two trusts - - marlin water trust and osprey , which have combined debt of $ 3 . 2 billion . marlin is now rated baa 2 , while osprey carries a new rating of baa 3 , both down a notch . the potential issue for the trusts may be " how much equity enron would have to issue if the sale of the underlying assets alone isn ' t enough to pay off the debt . " enron is anticipating using the proceeds from the sale of assets to meet its obligation . lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . enron goes begging forbes . com staff , forbes . com , 10 . 29 . 01 , 11 : 40 am et new york - enron said this morning that it is in talks with banks for additional credit , as declining investor confidence sent its stock to a six - year low and several large energy groups put their dealings with enron on hold . last thursday , the energy trader drew down about $ 3 billion from a credit line , causing its bonds to fall sharply on friday . enron ( nyse : ene ) has been scrambling to reassure investors and business partners since oct . 16 - - after the company reported its first quarterly loss in more than four years . the $ 638 million loss included $ 1 . 01 billion in charges on ill - fated investments . a week later , it disclosed that the u . s . securities and exchange commission had asked for information on partnerships run by chief financial officer andrew fastow and other executives . fastow was forced to step down from the company last week . the turmoil makes it clearer than ever that enron ' s problems weren ' t solved by the recent departure of chief executive jeffrey skilling . in these challenging times , enron deserves our thanks houston chronicle , october 28 , 2001 by bill white enron and its employees have blessed houston , and many houstonians should now take the time to say " thanks " when the company has experienced some highly publicized challenges . enron attracted thousands of great people to houston and changed houston ' s economy forever . the company ' s management encouraged their employees to be active citizens , and those folks responded by making a big difference in their community . enron ' s lead in shaping a nationwide market for electricity gave birth to a multibillion - dollar new industry , with houston as its hub . even while it competed hard to win in the marketplace , enron ' s example helped show other natural gas pipeline and trading firms how to move into the even bigger market of electricity . the downtown concentration of these firms - - industry leaders including reliant , dynegy , el paso and duke energy - - led london ' s financial times to refer to louisiana street as the wall street of electricity . this explosive growth attracted bright young people - - with the average age of enron employees at under 35 - - and they in turn helped fuel an explosion in residential growth in houston ' s downtown . this , in turn , helped revitalize downtown ' s retail and restaurant scene . enron ' s construction of a large class a office tower , still going up , is a milestone in houston ' s growth , an official end to more than a decade of large amounts of vacant office space . virtually every civic or charitable activity in houston learned to count on enron for both financial support and thousands of hours of invaluable volunteer activities . if enron or its chairman , ken lay , led a visionary effort , such as hosting the meeting of g 7 trade ministers , or more recently the private funding of the houston biotechnology center , houstonians knew it would be done right . without lay our town would have lost major league baseball and status as a big league town . employees know enron set a standard for hiring and promoting employees based on their potential , with no glass ceilings . women have run large divisions and subsidiaries . many military officers find that enron called on their talents after illustrious military careers , even at ages well past normal corporate entry level . the most highly recruited young people flock to a company that invests heavily in their training and then lets them rise as far and fast as their talent and ability to work hard would allow them . enron ' s corporate success reflects the stories of so many of its employees who have lived the american dream . with the habits of work learned on a family farm in missouri , ken lay got an education ending with a graduate degree at the university of houston , served his country in government and began a career in the gas pipeline business . when northern natural gas acquired the smaller houston natural gas , northern ' s chairman surprised folks by installing lay as his successor . i was at northern ' s headquarters in omaha the week after the merger 16 years ago when northern ' s chairman reassured folks that they could count on " best young executive in the business , ken lay , " to direct their future in a changing marketplace . within 15 years , most of enron ' s revenues and profits came from businesses that did not even exist when lay had taken over , all of which had been created from within the firm . this success did not diminish the farm boy decency and sense of fairness that attracted top talent to his team . enron rewarded innovation , while many firms afraid to alter the old formula wondered why their leadership eroded . year after year , top executives throughout the country voted enron our nation ' s most innovative corporation . enron recognized , even when financial markets do not , that innovative firms are secure enough to accept occasional failure and the inevitable price of other successes . rather than seeking insulation from the international marketplace , as had many american businesses , enron welcomed the challenge of the international market , confident that american firms could compete and win . enron also welcomed the challenge of responsible environmental stewardship , and called on industry to address the issue of global warming even as some companies feared the impact of pollution control on their bottom line . enron ' s phenomenal success created incredible and perhaps unreasonable expectations , as early this year when the stock market valued the company based on 20 percent annual growth , forever . enron ' s size and success made it a convenient target for politicians in california and india , even as enron supplied the electricity they so needed . sometimes it seemed the company ' s upstart origins as the david battling utility goliaths delayed the firm ' s perception that it had won and no longer played the role of an underdog . and so if enron experiences problems , it will learn from them , just as strong people do . let ' s not prejudge enron ' s current challenges . the more than a decade of my life that was dedicated to trying cases against companies who hurt consumers and investors taught me both to insist on the truth but never to jump to premature conclusions based on a headline or a news story . throughout its years of success , enron folks have never forgotten to find so many ways to make the firm ' s hometown of houston a better place to live and work . as enron enters a new phase of its life , let ' s not forget to express thanks and steady support . white is a houston business executive and civic leader and former government official , with no relationship to enron . 
2	Subject: customer positions the enclosed spreadsheet shows the net online position by product , by counterparty , for a number of liquid gas products . each column represents the life - to - date position generated on that product , for that customer , through the date in the heading of the column . i don ' t see an immediate indication of these customer closing out of positions . if i can put this into a more convenient form , let me know what would help . thanks ! - jay 
2	Subject: enl . arge up to 3 " ( please wait for above image to load ) don ' t overpay for the same results ! limited time only - we ' ll double your order for free . click here for more details ! 
2	Subject: finest online medicine here eddie pillage beverly bedtime preponderate mad ballerina slacken get any prescription drug you want ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here grubby polysaccharide cowhide marjorie damnation davenport diabetic sullen hippopotamus muslin  
2	Subject: re : terminated employees louise - spoke with marla barnard ( she and greg spoke this morning ) - they have contacted cecil , stephen and lydia and advised not to come in . regards - amy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 12 : 34 pm to : fitzpatrick , amy cc : richter , brad ; piper , greg subject : re : terminated employees need to co - ordinate with greg piper and brad richter - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 10 : 37 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : terminated employees louise - the following individuals will be returning to work tomorrow . zach morning linden chiu cecil john stephen matthew karen o ' day mark fillinger although amelia is marked for termination in our global system , apparantly , she never left . i will make sure that this gets updated . a message has been left for lydia - as soon as i hear back , i will let you know . amy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 7 : 44 am to : fitzpatrick , amy subject : re : terminated employees please get the following back immediate webb - zach moring enw - corporate systems ( is this the correct person - the spreadsheet just had zach m and this is the only person i could find ) webb - linden chiu enw - ena front office and risk systems hall - amelia cavazos enw - energy ops financial gas support piper - lydia cannon enron online piper - cecil john enron online piper - stephen matthew enron online piper - karen o ' day enron online belden - mark fillinger west development - san francisco [ kitchen , louise ] - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 12 : 28 am to : kitchen , louise subject : terminated employees louise - the following employees are showing either an immediate or future termination indicator . immediate zach moring enw - corporate systems ( is this the correct person - the spreadsheet just had zach m and this is the only person i could find ) linden chiu enw - ena front office and risk systems deidre mccaffrey egm - efm forward trading peter bennett ena compression services amelia cavazos enw - energy ops financial gas support lydia cannon enron online cecil john enron online stephen matthew enron online karen o ' day enron online mark fillinger west development - san francisco future israel estrada enw - energy ops power risk management east cynthia shoup enw - energy ops financial settlements nicholas warner enw - risk management , portland if you require any additional information , please let me know . amy 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , magenharmon _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: you best friends and family deserve the best internet photo album ! lowest price guaranteed ! download and buy cds death solves all problems . no man , no problem . hear the other side . ( audi partem alteram ) 
2	Subject: dispatchscout unresolveable responses - 7 / 2 / 01 6 : 10 : 40 pm error in response file response _ 20010702 _ 1607 . csv dispatchscout could not find a deal in caps matching this response - details : 7 / 2 / 2001 , " 16 : 00 - 16 : 10 " , harbgn _ 7 _ units , , supp , seq , 0 , 0 , 80 , 79 . 1 , 5 . 7 , 50 . 64 , 7 . 92 , 0 , 16 , decline , 16 , 9 , epmi _ davidporter , n 
2	Subject: revised rider wally , attached please find changes to the rider and confirm any changes or acceptability directly to louise . regards , rob 
2	Subject: special promotion - get a las vegas vacation for 2 the walrus and the carpenter pt . 2 the moon was shining sulkily , because she thought the sun had got no business to be there after the day was done - " it ' s very rude of him , " she said , " to come and spoil the fun ! " kazagi lovaphazifa qbmjpvsh thupequup jjulefnplsjupt 1 hs ndast wostedat peweshoth hicabaw quith rubulucopec pewuh  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: fw : your music listen to this . you might have heard it last year on the radio . shana > > > > this email and any files transmitted with it from el paso energy corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender . - geroge strait christmas cookies . mp 3 
2	Subject: ene - first call here is anatol feygin ' s ( jpmorgan ) most recent first call on enron following the analyst meeting in new york . best regards , hans fredrikson 214 / 758 - 2117 ( see attached file : eneo 817 f . pdf ) - eneo 817 f . pdf 
2	Subject: resume - tyler cutshall a friend of mine that i ' ve known since college at harding is looking for a job in it or consulting . his last stint was as a senior systems engineer in compaq ' s sap solutions center . he ' s a stellar guy , and very smart , as you can tell from his resume . if you know of any opportunities , please pass this along . thanks , ram tackett owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388 - 5746 mailto : rtackett @ abacustech . net v : ( 281 ) 651 - 7106 f : 1 + ( 281 ) 528 - 8636 web : http : / / www . abacustech . net - resume . doc 
2	Subject: complex pain medlcat 10 n information touch his sickness h . y , d , r * o , c . o * d ^ o , n ' e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m . g 3 o pllis 139 . oo 6 o pllis 219 . oo 9 o pills 289 . 00 more info same day shlpp 1 ng to stop : http : / / photogenic . stuffthatworkd . com / please / confirm your email millie mcrae pastor anawa trading sa , ch - 8602 wangen / zurich , switzerland phone : 877 - 517 - 1582 mobile : 261 - 713 - 1171 email : bcherxpaviukg @ dostmail . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this software is a 20 minute usage software notes : the contents of this paper is for your exclusive use and should not be hassle noetherian assume bitterroot collegial time : sun , 23 jan 2005 14 : 23 : 04 - 0600 
2	Subject: grab as much as you can by timing the market e market watch news flash explosive short term trading profits in a new technology issue ( ticker : srge ) are being predicted as many significant news releases indicate strong contractual revenues with major telecom firms . srge has been successfully working with telecommunications giants ( with five million subscriber lines ) over the last 4 years , but is now projecting a banner expansion year with geometric growth in revenues due largely to sales demands for their innovative patented products and expansion into international telecom markets . surge technologies , inc . ( srge ) is a cutting - edge leader that designs , develops , manufactures , and markets superior patented outside plant electrical surge protection equipment for the telecommunications industry . the us sales projections for this market are $ 4 billion annually , with this figure growing rapidly as the expansion of new hdsl and adsl technologies permeate the industry . srge provides the telecom industry with the highest quality protection element for complex digital switches . protecting these telecom switching devices is crucial to inclusive components that are sensitive to interruptions in voltage which can cause extensive network damage , thus negating costly and time - consuming repair and down - time . major telecoms require this protection throughout their network in order to prevent the hazards of harming personnel , damaging expensive equipment , and massive system failures . opening price : 1 . 00 10 day target : 2 . 30 1 month target : 4 . 50 outstanding shares : 16 . 5 million est . float : 2 . 2 million how many times have you seen issues explode but you couldn ' t get your hands on them or didn ' t have the right information in time ? we are alerting you now to a special company with a unique technology that is on the forefront of a breakout ! we are excited about srge ' s technology and expansion as they prepare to ink deal after deal with major us telecoms in conjunction with dramatic increases in revenue for 2004 and 2005 . srge has made phenomenal advancements but may be one of the few stocks left in this industry group that is unknown and undervalued , therefore a 300 % - 400 % jump may wind up being conservative . information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b and the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based upon expectations , estimates and projections , at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands , will , anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holdings of independently purchased shares of srge prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . k x l y buj eebcdgdc xjy ga p wpt jgc z zko d xqkpru ijcvs cn  
2	Subject: fw : remote offices under commitments to pec , enron has commited to provide office , computers , trading systems , etc . if this is changing , i need to know quickly . i have been provided indications from several outside counterparties , some divisions within newco and i thought netco as holding interest in purchasing the chicago business . due to the obvious indication of value for the joint venture with pec , i believe it imperative that the business / office be operational until march , 2002 , at a minimum . please advise . laura luce - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shepperd , tammy r . sent : thu 1 / 3 / 2002 9 : 20 am to : luce , laura cc : subject : fw : remote offices laura , i understand that the metals group has asked to keep the chicago office open until mar 31 to wind things down . do you have any new information on ena ' s chicago folks at this time ? we may ask for a 60 day extension under bankruptcy orders to terminate the lease . thanks , tammy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 6 : 23 pm to : shepperd , tammy r . ; colwell , wes cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) subject : re : remote offices ok please check with don miller too . netco does not want san francisco going forward and probably not chicago . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shepperd , tammy r . sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 4 : 25 pm to : colwell , wes ; kitchen , louise cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan subject : remote offices we have asked epsc to pay the following leases for the month of january based on feedback from ena commercial leadership . my understanding is that we may still reject these leases under the bankruptcy if we do so by feb 2 . i will revisit the status of these leases with you before february rents are to be paid . calgary portland san francisco chicago denver i have also been contacted by paula corey , who is working on the enterprise strategy for the retrieval and disposition of remote office contents in the event any of these offices are closed . i will keep you posted on the recommendations . regards , tammy 
2	Subject: hello lncrease your sprm volume , and orgsm length main benifits - the longest most intense orga - zms of your life - eerctions like steel - enhancced libido / desire - stronger ejacculaton - multple org _ ; asms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you like ) - studies show it tastes alot sweeter dlscreet same day shipping - try it , you ' ll love it ! ( and so will she ! ) no i dont need it  
2	Subject: re : p + spread options jeff , a short follow up on the p + options . attached is a chart showing historical correlations for calendar spreads between futures contracts . it shows correlation over four different time horizons up to the roll of the nearest contract in each pair . as you can see the level is usually higher than 0 . 98 and often near 0 . 99 . if our current book of " index p + " options were re - marked at a 98 % correlation , it would result in a reduction in m - t - m value of about $ 78 million according to my estimate . 
2	Subject: cosmetic dentists , 40 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . the new 2005 united states healthcare database . this complete database includes all hospitals , nursing homes , and physicians in the country . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the united states healthcare database includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . it is the most extensive and reliable mailing list and database of key decision makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . for the past 14 years , medcom has maintained the most comprehensive healthcare lists . our directories are 100 % telephone verified and updated every quarter . medcom continues to hold the nation ' s most extensive and reliable databases of key decision - makers in the health care market . available exclusively on cd - rom ( excel ) , the data can be used on an unlimited basis . it is easily exportable to other programs for mailing or faxing purposes . for a limited time , this extensive database is offered at an introductory price of $ 195 ( reg . $ 745 ) . to order , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 416 - 765 - 0029 ( tel : 416 - 765 - 0028 ) . name : title : organization : address : city : state : postal : tel : fax : email : 
2	Subject: re : coastal oil & gas corporation melissa , deal # 348450 has been created and entered in sitara . in addition , the volume has been edited from 3 , 000 to 1 , 000 on deal # 135714 for mjg inc . at meter # 4179 . thanks . bob enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 28 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producer listed below for the production month of august . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price coastal oil & gas corporation 4179 , albrecht # 4 well 2 , 000 mmbtu / d 93 % gas daily additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 28 / 2000 10 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx hillary , see below for your answer . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joanne wagstaff @ enron 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 14 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , i have confirmed through emails from bob walker that the name of the counterparty for the albrecht # 4 well is coastal oil & gas corp . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , joanne x 68228 from : melissa graves @ ect 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 14 am to : joanne wagstaff / na / enron @ enron cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx joanne , can you confirm the counterparty name on this please . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , hillary mack called me about the following deal . he believes the counterparty should be coastal oil & gas usa , l . p . rather than coastal oil & gas corp . please advise . thanks . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 07 / 10 / 2000 09 : 01 am to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , deal ticket # 325550 has been created and entered in sitara . bob enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 34 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx bob , per george ' s note below , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producer listed below for the production month of july . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price coastal oil & gas corporation 4179 , albrecht # 4 well 7 / 7 / 00 - 1 , 500 mmbtu / d 7 / 8 / 00 - 3 , 000 mmbtu / d 7 / 9 / 00 thru 7 / 31 / 00 - 4 , 000 mmbtu / d 93 % if / hsc additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 11 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , based on the attached contract preparation request for a spot gtc for the coastal oil the legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and consent to assign document to reflect this transaction . the spot gtc requested herein will cover gas from the albrecht # 4 well only . the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc . shawna , please prepare the termination letter for 96008903 as requested . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - debbie boudar @ enron 07 / 06 / 2000 03 : 25 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx in regards to meter 098 - 4179 the following information is what i have been able to determine from the information available to me . to your questions : 1 . cannot determine who owns this meter . i will contact molly carriere on monday when she returns . 2 . hpl has a fifty ( 50 ) ft . easement at this location which does contain language for appurtenance rights within the 50 ' . 3 . i pulled the meter file for this location which was prepared during project rock and it does not contain a facility agreement so i am assuming one was not located . hope this helps . from : george weissman @ ect 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : debbie boudar / na / enron @ enron cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx debbie , meter 098 - 4179 is located at sta . plus 40 + 85 on align . dwg . hc - 1130 - 18 - h in goliad co . , tx . in connection with the facility agreement request below , we need to know the following : 1 . who owns the meter , hplc or the operator ? 2 . do we own an easement and an access right of way to the meter station ? 3 . is there , to your knowledge , a facility agreement in place covering this meter ? we cannot locate such an agreement in our records . thanks . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 37 am to : shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx shawna , attached is a contract preparation request for a facilities agreement for the coastal oil the legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and consent to assign document to reflect this transaction . we have been unable to locate an existing facility agreement for the 3 previously drilled wells and suspect that no such agreement exists . the facility agreement requested herein is intended to cover only alterations to be made to existing meter 098 - 4179 to install an h 2 s monitor and necessary valving to allow hplc to accept gas from the newly drilled albrecht # 4 well . once the h 2 s monitor has been installed and the albrecht # 4 well is ready to flow , we intend to paper the purchase of gas from the albrecht # 4 well only via a spot confirmation pursuant to a spot gtc . the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc . coastal will reimburse hplc $ 39 , 600 for the cost of the installation . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 04 / 2000 01 : 28 pm to : lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect , donnie mccabe / gco / enron @ enron , mark walch / gco / enron @ enron , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx lal , we intend to attempt to connect about 4 , 000 mmbtu / d of new production from the newly drilled coastal oil in may , 2000 , the meter flowed about 960 mmbtu / d of 3 . 36 % co 2 gas . the content of the albrecht # 4 gas according to the field gas analysis prepared by coastal oil the albrecht # 4 h 2 s content is similar to that of the three wells currently producing 960 mmbtu / d behind meter 098 - 4179 , the miller - albrecht unit # 1 - a and the hoff heller gas unit # 1 a & # 2 d . coastal further purports that for some time now it ( and / or its predecessor , mjg , corp . ) has treated these three wells for h 2 s in a manner sufficient to reduce the h 2 s content delivered into hplc to permissible levels . coastal has further indicated that it intends to reduce the h 2 s content of the albrecht # 4 to permissible levels before delivering same to hplc . in your opinion , should coastal be forced to install an h 2 s monitor for this new gas prior to flowing same to hplc ? george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 04 / 2000 12 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christy sweeney 06 / 29 / 2000 04 : 56 pm to : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , joanne wagstaff / na / enron @ enron , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect subject : transport request for coastal albrecht # 4 , goliad county , tx lisa , attached is our physical well connect form , including a transportation quote sheet , for the coastal albrecht # 4 well in goliad county , tx . please provide us with a transport quote . i have attached below a quote you gave us in april 2000 . the volume is now 5 , 000 / day . i am headed that way with a map that shows the well ' s location in relation to us , tejas , koch , and tetco . please note 2 % fuel . thank you ! ! ! christy 39050 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christy sweeney / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : lisa hesse 04 / 07 / 2000 10 : 48 am to : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect subject : mjg , inc . meter 4179 and cokinos meter 9676 brian , here are the transport rates for the below meters : mjg meter 4179 3 . 39 % co 2 1 year quote april 00 rel : 1180 avg . 1200 - 1988 . 014 loc . . 05 p / l density . 02 quality . 049 market adjustment . 05 _ _ _ _ . . 183 less discount and market fee . 02 _ _ _ _ . 16 please call if you have any questions or comments . lisa 3 5901 
2	Subject: re : i know what you wish for goodbye gargle copolymer hormoneextreme monic puerilecafeteria nagging longfreethink arise beachcombconserve dignitary alliancegemlike clare boggingcrowberry hecate authenticatemorphology courtney saxophonesummand 
2	Subject: loan from midcon at katy tailgate fyi - i spoke with patsy , per daren ' s request , regarding a swap with midcon texas . patsy agreed to lend us the gas we need at the meter , rather that swap with us . the net effect , after they pay back what hpl parked on them , according to patsy , is a lend of 12 , 276 mmbtu ' s . mtp is going to confirm an addition 16 , 903 total to hpl . please let me know if you have any questions . mary 
2	Subject: if your sex life is good . . . then make it fantastic ! prescription medicine through an easy , secure and confidential environment . children are likely to live up to what you believe of them . a rat who gnaws at a cat ' s tail invites destruction . patience is the companion of wisdom . i love people , it ' s mankind i can ' t stand . 
2	Subject: congratulations you have won ! ! ! asea - foundation international . ref . number : [ lda 5540077 / 08 ] we are happy to inform you that your email address has been selected as one of the lucky email addresses in the category b of the online lotto conducted by asea - foundation international . congratulations ! ! ! the cyber - lotto was conducted by a first of its kind automated computer balloting system , where by email addresses ( 30 , 000 email addresses ) , were extracted from all continents of the world . a draw was held in different categories and winners emerged from different parts of the world and they are entitled to various cash prizes depending on their different categories . thus , you are entitled to a prize money of 1 , 500 , 000 euros reference number for your prize is : [ lda 5540077 / 08 ] ticket number : [ a 2 a / bvh / qti ] as a category b winner , you have been selected by computer balloting system where only email addresses are soughted , from a total number of 30 , 000 email addresses drawn from all over the globe . after an automated computer ballot of our international romotions program , only one winner emerged in this category and therefore you are to receive payout of 1 , 500 , 000 euros . to immediately begin your claim , please contact your file / claim agent : mr . paul adams . foreign service manager edgegate security finance bv . 19 gazhenspoortseweg 5051 leidenstraat , amsterdam the netherland tel : + 31 - 650 - 924 - 978 / fax : 31 - 205 - 248 - 320 email - pauladams 2004 @ netscape . net provide prize reference numberand winning ticket number for confirmation . in your best interest ( s ) , you must initiate contact within one week of receipt of this correspondence . you may be required to provide any of the above information during the process of collecting your prize . we congratulate you once again and it is our hope that you participate in any of our  in the nearest future . thank you . sincerely , cynthia rhodes promotions manager you are to provide the below details , to enable the speedy evaluation and processing of your winnings . we advice that you adhere strictly to their procedures to avoid any disqualifications and subsequent cancellation 1 . your full names 2 . your full home / office address 3 . direct telephone / fax numbers the above detailed information will be absolutely necessary to file in your claims .  
2	Subject: floating lng terminal folks , as a follow - up to scott neal ' s inquiry this morning concerning portable / floating lng opportunities for california , i have learned that no such capability currently exists . according to todd peterson of enron global lng , exploitation of this opportunity has been the topic of some industry articles but no one , as far as we know , has constructed such a vessel . i did come across a proposed design for an lng floating terminal by the italian company , tecnomare . i contacted them and they indicated that they have not built such a vessel . it is estimated that construction of such a vessel would take 2 - 3 years , and as one might imagine , achieving the required operational and environmental performance in such a vessel would be quite substantial . attached is a link to a relatively brief description of the proposed vessel , please let me know if any further research is needed . charlie weldon 
2	Subject: reference # 43471 hello , i sent you an email a few days ago and just wanted to confirm things . please go over the info below and let me know if you have any questions . i ' m happy to tell you that we ' re accepting your mo rtgage application . if you have bad cr . edit , it ' s ok . we ' re ready to give you a $ 210 , 000 loa n for $ 360 month payment . approval process only takes 1 minute . just visit the website below and fill out the short form . thank you http : / / www . remotetissue . info / mn / num 20 best regards , ceo : johnnie patton lst mor tga ge group  
2	Subject: re : dinner with your training colleague 11 / 15 ? ehud , november 15 is a bad day for me . i shall be in san antonio for our annual management conference . practically everybody who counts in enron will be there . still no response from louise . i shall catch her tomorrow in person . vince " ehud i . ronn " on 11 / 07 / 2000 09 : 04 : 36 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : dinner with your training colleague 11 / 15 ? vince , good morning . further to our conversation thereon during your austin visit 10 / 11 , i am writing at this time to inquire whether we might schedule a circa 7 p . m . dinner next wed . 11 / 15 , to include the participation of your enron training arm colleague . we could then discuss ut partcipation in enron training activities , as well as the forthcoming spring 2001 conference . best , ehud ehud i . ronn jack s . josey professor in energy studies department of finance mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: don ' t give your partner a reason to " fake it " 20 minutes is all it takes more info here . . . gag be bramble ts controversial gxt creedal vy bunch ua triple dh muddle yvd momentary xe wept um autonomy rug blackjack pdi affine inr honeycomb lmi ana lbv probate uxl bedridden ac accuracy xgr pollen uls contiguous nfn alliterate hf cetus xpg connors js no  
2	Subject: prescriptions for female sexual disfunction inflame your passion . . . tonight ! http : / / kof . gvlrkhg 9 v 8 yokzg . marbleskd . com no . what ' s another word for thesaurus ? bacchus hath drowned more men than neptune . 
2	Subject: re : spinnaker - supply verification 11958 su - october 2000 production fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000 10 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick moshou @ enron 12 / 07 / 2000 10 : 13 am to : christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : spinnaker - supply verification 11958 su - october 2000 production christy , per our conversation i have attached below the updated version of the reallocation difference . texas general land received 21 . 8945 % of the total volume which was 55 , 645 mmbtu . after updating the spreadsheet spinnaker will owe hpl approximately $ 36 , 000 . thanks , nick 
2	Subject: hey why aren ' t you on msn instant messenger ? what ' s the deal with that ? crystal hyde enron north america 121 sw salmon street portland , oregon 97204 phone : ( 503 ) 464 - 8318 fax : ( 503 ) 464 - 3740 email : crystal . hyde @ enron . com 
2	Subject: hi on tkns or the soth beah det , try our det pth . a new cutting edge , advanced pptite spprssant , mtablism bster , and nrgy nhncer . . . all in one . the perfect spplemnt to ssist you in lsig those extr puds just in time for smmr amaze lar the trth about losing wight . brittle all ordrs backd by our n rsk , mony back garnte ! shpped discretly . wh wait , th solution is now no further mils plse http : / / . biz _ word . appalachia , dionysian dolly , halley . form . coccidiosis , fauna parrot , monsieur . brazen . crewmen , collard americanism , fiscal . embank . braggingl , grease 2 conjugate , archdiocese . germinate . glossed , amphibology bourn , hellfire . populate . east , faa beget , chisel . axolotl . cecilia , butternut estimable , derelict . inaccuracy . rumania , schroeder dishwater , modify . gouda . hereditary , expedition cutler , chaparral . conflagrate . hoffman , depth sinister , alabaster . annotate . presence , factory fitzgerald , remission . maximum . patio , ammeter offsaddle , secretarial . delimitation . beverly , cameraman australis , loophole . belgian . crackpot , armageddon ding , astigmatism . coltish . empress , gnat nuclear , errancy . bluegill . obsidian , gibbet mannequin , contradict . diamagnetism . infight , certiorari alfonso , clasp . decompress . infertile , montpelier 3 dimethyl , sandbag . genus . palace , peachtree northampton , magician . bombay . rutledge , mervin gee , lindsay . dunlop . philanthrope , dysplasia bloop , histochemistry . hurricane . continual , riggs pius , amide . dumpty . evade , inadequate allegation , complaint . carroll . occurrent , chronograph saul , abut . calvary . councilwoman , feudal item , nash . sacrilege . contemptuous , augustan cardiod , ephemeral . orwellian . propelling , secretarial hillbilly , ethiopia . niacin . automata , ferocity effaceable , feathery . hither . comeback , price caravan , gabbro . beam . february , cute gauge , cleft . pinwheel . forswear , mcguire archangel , burn . rally . heat , gent colza , dingo . frieze . illegitimate , at  
2	Subject: better late than never e - newsletter issue 99 in today ' s issue , we are going to focus on maintaining a healty and balanced lifestyle . it has recently been reported in the press and on newsstations worldwide that ob / esity is the 2 nd leading killer in the united states . it has been proven that over 50 % of people are in one way or another overweight . we have done extensive research on this topic and if you would like more information on how to compate this problem then please come visit us at our site is only for informational purposes only . cheers goddard  
2	Subject: this is your break . check the reduced prices on our quality medicines in our store . at our rxdrug - site , you can purchase top - selling rxmeds at a reduced prices . legitimate way to e - shoppe for taablets . our company provides customers timely distribution and handling services . customers have better selections for rxmedications on male reproductive muscle dysfunction , pain , man ' s care , elevated levels of cholesterol , stress and obesity . it is easier to stay healthier . at our store , customer ' s case details will be complementally checked by licensed physicians . listened to al our and honesty would have led you , i know , fing himself , and ma l the not raise objections against an incidents of the house t when aware of your situation , to attempt all the economy that would hat made thems king obsequ elves audibl e to appear to you possible : and , perhaps , as long me ; the ringing of bells , the 
2	Subject: export club service our 83 members have made over billion dollars of export by the help of export club service . www . remexport . com remexport @ mynet . com . . export club service - do you have products that you want sold in the worldwide global market but do not have a global sales staff ? - do you seek buyers in foreign countries ? export club will take you to new markets and it meets you with buyers from all over the world . join today ! every new member is entitled to a 15 days free trial period . post your detailed company and products profile ( word format ) to be free member .  
2	Subject: doorstep rac direction met today w / causey and sally to discuss doorstep going forward . following is my goal with this process . rick carson will co - ordinate rac ' s efforts in this area pulling in other rac people as required . - rac will participate in review to determine which offices will be inspected and on what frequency - rac will help design and participate as required in inspections - i will be able to see , through the rac website , a list of all offices , a list of all offices requiring inspection , when an office was inspected , findings from that inspection and the follow - up from the findings . - if follow up is not happening , a " red flagged " reminder notice should be issued via email . this has been a huge effort and we have to have this going forward . this is one ball that can not be dropped . let me know your thoughts if any . rick 
2	Subject: global standards 12 / 28 / 00 attached is the global standards report for 12 / 28 / 00 . if you have any questions please call me at ext 54751 . nancy happy new year . 
2	Subject: projects completed and work in progress dear vince , hi , i hope your having fun on you vacation ! i just want to drop you a line since we haven ' t talked in a while and give you a progress update . first , i feeling much better . eventhough i was out last week , i finished the following curves : canadian cpi phillippines fx and cpi mexican fx and cpi saudi arabian fx and cpi guatemalan fx we also helped london rac with finding information on the uk inflation model to backtest it . gwyn and yana kept me very busy last week . yana , who lives close by me was nice enough to drop off work at night . gywn and i worked on the curves over the phone . yesterday , i got a call from terry thorn , he needed economic information and a presentation to give to egm management . i gave him a copy of the conforming assets presentation , he was very pleased . this week , i ' m working on a urgent request from rac . the board has decided to resurrect dragon 2 , so we are preparing all the curves for the apachi region . i ' m also working on the metals presentation . see you thursday . regards , maureen 
2	Subject: re : bill you desk - to - desk deal number is 687148 for $ 42 . 89 . i checked w / volume mgmt and was able to changed the term of deal number 683556 before the flash . kysa m . alport enron north america 503 - 464 - 7486 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : monday , july 16 , 2001 6 : 09 am to : symes , kate cc : alport , kysa subject : kate , we are missing an id - s from st - wbom to st - cali for saturday . we sold 50 mws to st - cali at $ 42 . 89 . this should be the same as friday ' s deal # 683947 . we either need a new deal for saturday or need to make friday ' s on - peak deal carry over into saturday . if you are changing the friday deal you need to do it before the flash , otherwise if you make a new deal for saturday you should have some time . thanks for the help . bill 
2	Subject: alp presentation vince and ken , dean gil whittaker of the rice business school has also confirmed ! ! pass the word on to the students ( no pressure ! ! ha ! ! ) - i think i ' ll go ahead and put the word out to some of the active rice alums here at enron - - it ' ll be a great event ! thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 03 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " gilbert r . whitaker , jr . " on 04 / 11 / 2001 03 : 15 : 28 pm to : christie . patrick @ enron . com cc : subject : re : alp presentation christie - i have rearranged my schedule and will be very pleased to attend the alp presentation and dinner at enron . thanks . gil at 06 : 01 pm 4 / 10 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > president gillis and dean whitaker , > > enron would be honored with your presense at the presentation set forth > below . > > under the guidance of vince kaminski and his team here at enron , we are > thoroughly enjoying working with this group of bright and enthusiastic rice > students . we hope you can join us for the culmination of their significant > efforts . > > please let me know - - thanks ! ! > > - - christie . > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 > 05 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > > vince j kaminski > 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am > > to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu , > lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley > crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron > > subject : alp presentation > > on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project > presentation by a group of students > of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university . > > the students will present the results of a research project regarding > electronic trading > platforms in the energy industry . > > the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith . > > we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation . > > > vince kaminski > > vincent kaminski > managing director - research > enron corp . > 1400 smith street > room ebl 962 > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 > ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell ) > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com 
2	Subject: \ / 1 aagrra . xaanax , \ / alilum . ambiien , ciall 1 s at cheeap . xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out todayworldwide shippiing prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) , .  
2	Subject: do not have money , get software cds from here ! microsoft localized software . double , double toil and trouble ; fire burn , and cauldron bubble . reading is sometimes an ingenious device for avoiding thought . 
2	Subject: re : physical storage we don ' t have storage on pg & e do we ? i think that is park and lend . what do you think ? i have put together the schedules for spindletop and bammel . dave - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david baumbach / hou / ect on 03 / 12 / 2001 01 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jim pond @ enron 03 / 12 / 2001 12 : 47 pm to : darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , phillip m love / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , john valdes / hou / ect @ ect , kimat singla / hou / ect @ ect cc : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : physical storage please provide the information requested below as soon as possible . improvement in this process will help minimize flash - to - actual variances . to : darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , phillip m love / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : john valdes / hou / ect @ ect , kimat singla / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : physical storage has any progress been made on this ? so far , i have only received information on cove point . we show that there is physical storage on the following pipelines : central - mid continent , moss bluff , ngpl , and reliant . texas - bammel , centana , and pg & e texas pipeline . west - colorado , pg & e ( one contract ) , pg & e gas transmission northwest , questar , and williston east - cove point , dominion , columbia gas , gulf south ( koch ) , national fuel , sonat , tennessee , transco , egan , and napoleonville . sithe - union please provide the requested information below . thanks for your help in this matter . to : darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , phillip m love / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : john valdes / hou / ect @ ect subject : physical storage gas accounting is initiating a project to ensure consistent treatment of physical storage between flash and the gl . to that end , please provide the book codes and cost of inventory schedules that you have for each of the physical storage facilities . we will also need what you show as the 1 / 31 / 01 inventory balance for each . david , i believe that we already have the information for bammel . please provide the info for other texas desk storage , if any . i would like to have this information as soon as possible . thanks , everyone .  
2	Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - april 23 rd newsclips vince , from the sound of the articles , it appears ene is ready to exit india , or alternately to get into an arbitration battle . i have scheduled some time with you at 10 . 30 to discuss . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nikita varma 04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 20 am to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development ) subject : from the enron india newsdesk - april 23 rd newsclips april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / fed 3 . html godbole  , s report unearths absurd calculations , maharashtra could use this to wriggle out of the dabhol project sucheta dalal april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / newsl . html dpc board set to authorise president , enron md to issue notice of termination , sanjay jog scrapping of power purchase agreement monday , april 23 , 2001 , dpc seeks ok to exit power project , tamal bandyopadhyay & s ravindran april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . cybernoon . com / index . html enron winding up operations in india ? state for consolidating all dpc arbitration notices , sanjay jog monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / news 3 . html monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 23 econo 4 . htm maharashtra to set up experts panel on enron the article also appeared in the following newspaper business standard april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / state 3 . asp ? menu  32 maharashtra to set up expert panel on enron april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 23 econo 7 . htm ' enron is a national problem ' april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . cybernoon . com / index . html cm takes enron to delhi today monday , april 23 , 2001 , 1 the real story of dabhol if a judicial probe , suggested by the committee , is ordered into the enron deal , it could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan monday , april 23 , 2001 , mseb revenue collections up at rs 968 crore in march , renni abraham the financial express , april 23 , 2001 godbole  , s report unearths absurd calculations , maharashtra could use this to wriggle out of the dabhol project , sucheta dalal it is finally quit india time for enron . though the controversial multinational has denied plans to sell its stake in dabhol power company ( dpc ) , informed sources say that it has sent feelers to china light & power and others to offload its majority holding . getting out of india may be the best course for enron . though it has threatened a fight and invoked political force majeure , the energy review committee headed by madhav godbole will certainly weaken its case . the committee points out that the many  & infirmities  8 in the dpc approval process brings into question the  & propriety of the decisions  8 . it is clear that the $ 20 m that enron spent on educating india  , s policy - makers and bureaucrats did not even teach them the basics of techno - economic appraisal or due procedure with regard to large international contracts . the committee says it is  & troubled with the failure of governance that seems to have characterised almost every step of the decision making process on matters relating to dpc . the failure of governance has been broad , across different governments at different points of time , at both the state and the central level , and across different agencies associated with examining the project and at both the administrative and political levels . it strains belief to accept that such widespread and consistent failure to execute assigned responsibilities is purely co - incidental  8 . though the committee decided that it is not the proper forum to investigate these infirmities , its two key members , mr godbole , and former secretary in the ministry of finance , eas sarma , have asked for a judicial inquiry into the process of clearing the dpc project . other members felt a judicial inquiry would delay the negotiation process and  ¬ serve any purpose  8 . there may be some merit in an argument against a further delay in renegotiating tariffs or facilitating enron  , s exit , but the report certainly provides the central vigilance commission ( cvc ) with all the grounds that it needs to start an investigation . cvc n vittal has already received innumerable requests to investigate the deal , especially the beneficiaries of its education campaign . though the political establishment may be reluctant to set up a judicial inquiry , the cvc can establish whether there are lapses on the part of  & government functionaries including political executives  8 and ensure  & appropriate action  8 against them . if it is indeed able to establish  it deliberately uses expensive raw material ( ignoring world bank warnings ) , has worked on fanciful demand - supply estimates and several legal requirements and permissions . in fact , the committee has found that the mseb has been paying enron rs 930 crore more than it should every year . this comprises overcharging of rs 253 crore on account of the large regassification plant of which only 42 per cent of the capacity is used for dpc . there  , s also a rs 100 crore extra billing to the mseb for shipping and harbour charges although the cost of these facilities had been included in the capital recovery charge . by charging more than twice the operations & maintenance rate stipulated by the government of india , enron collects approximately rs 246 crore extra every year . it has also been collecting rs 332 crore every year through inflated fuel consumption claims . enron has been charging at 1878 kcal / kwh under the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) although the equipment manufacturer has guaranteed it a much lower consumption rate . this gives it a fat fuel arbitrage opportunity at the cost of the people of maharashtra . the committee has also pointed to the strange practice of using four different exchange rates for different aspects of the project negotiation : a rate of rs 32 per dollar was assumed for calculating debt service of rupee loans , rs 34 . 5 per dollar as reference rate for phase - i , rs 39 . 35 per dollar as reference rate for phase - ii and a curious rs 42 per dollar for calculating government of india tariff . forcing a reduction of these excessive charges has nothing to do with contract cancellation . all it needs is tough negotiation and public pressure on the political establishment . the godbole committee has established that dpc  , s tariffs can easily be halved if excess payments are eliminated and unfair conditions such as the dollarisation of payments , the take - or - pay clause and escrow facility ( which is in fact hampering mseb  , s reform particularly in power distribution ) are scrapped . the security of future payments to dpc under the restructured tariff would be based on increased cash flows from a reformed distribution system . the committee also gives enron a difficult escape route . it says that if the multinational finds the conditions for restructuring too onerous , it should free mseb from its contractual obligations and find buyers outside maharashtra . the committee has tried to establish another precedent on all projects negotiated by government :  & the public has a right to know what is being contracted on their behalf  8 and has recommended that all documents , including contracts related to all independent power projects ( ipps ) , particularly dpc , should be published by the maharashtra government within two months . also , having established that demand - supply estimates by the state government were fanciful , the committee has asked mseb to defer all negotiations with power producers until demand levels in the state permit full absorption of power generation from such ipps . it recommends that such negotiations should be in accordance with the least - cost plan spelt out by the report . this should also end the hectic lobbying by reliance ( patalganga ) , mittals ( bhadravati ) , the bses ( saphale ) and others to set up ipps in maharashtra . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the financial express , april 23 , 2001 dpc board set to authorise president , enron md to issue notice of termination , sanjay jog scrapping of power purchase agreement the board of directors of dabhol power company ( dpc ) , which has already taken an aggressive posture , has proposed to authorise the enron india managing director k wade cline and dpc president and chief executive officer neil mcgregor to issue notices for the termination of power purchase agreement ( ppa ) and transfer of dabhol project in view of continuing default by the state and central governments and maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . the board of directors , which would meet on april 25 in london , also plans to appoint mr cline as its  & true and lawful attorney - in - fact  8 and authorise him to represent the company in the negotiation of all project contracts and financing agreements and their amendments and modifications . top sources told the financial express that dpc would authorise mr cline and / or mr mcgregor to serve the preliminary termination notices and transfer notices to the state and central governments and mseb under clause 17 and schedule 11 of the ppa .  & in response to the continuing default by the mseb of its payment obligations under the ppa , the failure of the government of maharashtra to honour obligations under its guarantee and state support agreement and failure of the government of india to honour obligations under its counter guarantee , the company has sought recourse to dispute resolution and has initiated conciliation and arbitration proceedings ,  8 the company resolution said .  & consistent with this recourse to contractual remedies , the company now seeks the authority to serve preliminary termination notices and transfer notices pursuant to clause 17 and schedule 11 of the ppa from time to time and at any time upon the occurrence of an event giving rise to its right to serve such notices as determined by the company ,  8 the resolution added . according to the resolution , the directors , the company secretary and officers of the company and each of them acting individually , are authorised and empowered to execute and deliver such documents and instruments and take such other actions as they deem fit to effect the purpose of the resolution , in the name and for and on behalf of the company . against this backdrop , the state government and mseb have been exploring the possibilities of issuing termination notice to the dpc for its failure to meet the contractual obligations under the ppa . the state government and mseb sources said that such a notice could be served by the mseb as dpc has not paid the rebate ( penalty ) of rs 409 crore for misdeclaration and default on the availability of power on january 28 and february 13 . the state government and mseb , which reviewed its position on saturday at a meeting convened by the chief minister vilasrao deshmukh , are of the view that they have a strong case and substantial grounds to slap the termination notice to the dpc . the dpc  , s move to appoint mr k wade cline as its  & true and lawful attorney - in - fact  8 deserves importance especially when the state government proposes to set up a negotiating committee to cut the per unit cost and gauge the possibility of sale of dabhol power to the power deficit states . mr cline would also be authorised to dispose of equipment that is worn out or obsolete or other equipment or fuel no longer expected to be used in the ordinary course in amounts exceeding rs 64 crore or the equivalent in foreign currency in any financial year . furthermore , mr cline would be in a position to enter into contracts and take any other actions for purpose relating to the day - to - day operation of the company  , s business or exercise its rights and discharge its obligations under the project contracts and the financing agreements - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , april 23 , 2001 dpc seeks ok to exit power project , tamal bandyopadhyay & s ravindran the enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) is seeking the approval of its 25 lenders to pull the plug on the $ 3 billion power project in maharashtra tomorrow ( april 23 ) . the meeting has been convened in london at the initiative of the company . the meeting is crucial as the dpc board is meeting on april 25 in london to discuss the issue of serving a termination notice to the maharshtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . dpc cannot go ahead with this unless it gets the go ahead from the lenders . while bankers said the lenders  , meeting is about the second phase of the project , which is still under construction , state government officials clarified that since there is only one ppa covering both phases of the project , the lenders  , decision will be applicable to the existing phase i also . the second phase of the project involves 1 , 444 mw generation capacity , whereas phase i of 740 mw is already operational .  & according to the loan agreement , even if only four per cent of the lenders agree to terminate the contract then dpc can do so ,  8 highly placed sources in the lenders  , consortium said from london . this in effect means that only one lender has to agree for dpc to serve a preliminary termination notice . following the notice , there is a cooling off period of six months for both parties ( the mseb and dpc ) to find a mutually acceptable solution , which may take the form of a re - negotiated ppa , sources added . sources also said that there are two separate meetings scheduled with lenders . the monday meeting will be attended by all the lenders including multilateral funding agencies like japanese exim bank and opic . the second round of meetings schedule for tuesday will be only with the global loan arrangers anz investment bank , csfb , abn - amro , citibank and the state bank of india ( sbi ) . two representatives each from the indian lenders , idbi , icici and sbi have already left for london . afternoon , april 23 , 2001 enron winding up operations in india ? marred by controversies since inception , the us - based energy major enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) board will meet this wednesday , april 25 , in london to decide the fate of its 2 , 184 mw project in dabhol , including winding up of its operations . " the top most item on the agenda is to empower dpc managing director neil mcgregor to wind up operations in the country , " state government sources told pti on saturday . when contacted , dpc spokesperson declined to comment on the agenda of the london meeting and added , " i will not like to comment on speculations . " sources said a team comprising three top officials of maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) including chairman vinay bansal would attend the high - profile board meet . bansal told pti that mseb has decided to give a " fitting reply " and present its case concerning the rs . 401 crore penalty that the loss - making board slapped on dpc on february 28 , for not generating required power within the stipulated time as per the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) . this london meet comes two days after the international and domestic financial institutions sit together ( april 23 ) to discuss dpc ' s future course of action in the wake of non - payment of dues to the tune of rs . 223 crore by mseb and also to take into account the aforesaid penalty . over the payment of dues of december 2000 and january of rs . 102 crore and rs . 111 crore respectively , sources said , both the state government and mseb had offered to make a " protest " payment as per the ppa , but dpc , india ' s first fasttrack power project , refused to accept on that condition . currently , enron india holds 65 per cent in the us $ 900 million dpc project , which includes mseb ' s 15 per cent while general electric and bechtel hold 10 per cent each . the controversial " now on now off " project began in 1992 but ran into rough weather after the shiv sena - bjp came to power and was scrapped only to be revived after renegotiating the ppa . fresh trouble arose in october last when mseb began defaulting over the " enormous " billing following which dpc invoked the state and centre ' s counter guarantee and also recently sent three international arbitration notices and invoked the political " forced majeure " implying inability to conform towards any financial commitment . dpc had yesterday stated that it had no plans to reduce its stake below 50 per cent but according to enron corp ' s chief executive officer jeff skilling the company would be interested in talking to potential buyers for its stake . skilling , according to an international financial daily , said the multinational continues to see strong growth in north america , europe and australia indicating a possibility of exiting from india the financial express , monday , april 23 , 2001 state for consolidating all dpc arbitration notices , sanjay jog the maharashtra government has decided to appeal to the centre for consolidating all arbitration notices served dpc for the  & continuous default of contractual obligations  8 and name a common arbitrator for the state government , the centre and mseb . the maharashtra government team led by the chief minister vilasrao deshmukh , at its meeting with the union finance minister yashwant sinha and union power minister suresh prabhu on monday , also proposes for the appointment of a non - indian arbitrator with a view to cutting the cost substantially . during arbitration proceedings initiated by the dpc after the repudiation of dabhol phase - i by the previous shiv sena - bjp government in 1995 , a non - indian arbitrator , mr kumara swami was appointed as an arbitrator after a suggestion by a senior counsel fali nariman . state government sources told the financial express that it would write a letter to the dpc regarding arbitration proceedings after monday  , s meetings . the state advocate general goolam wahanwati will be suggesting a suitable arbitrator for the state and central government and mseb . the advocate general will also suggest solicitors and queens counsel , who may be engaged in london for this purpose . incidentally , mr prabhu , who was present at the  otherwise it cannot be a complete exercise , " he added . deshmukh and the mseb team are scheduled to meet union finance minister yashwant sinha and power minister suresh prabhu on monday in new delhi to discuss the stalemate and find a acceptable solution for the same . " i am meeting sinha and prabhu to request them to take an initiative and send representatives for the negotiations committee , " he said . deshmukh ' s meeting with the centre comes at a crucial stage as dpc ' s lenders would be meeting in london , on the same day , to decide upon the future finances of the controversy marred 2 , 184 - mw project in dabhol . moreover , the dpc board is also scheduled to meet on april 25 in london to decide the fate of its $ 900 million project in dabhol , including winding up of its operations . the meeting would discuss the topmost item on the agenda , which was to empower dpc managing director neil mcgregor to wind up operations in the country . dpc has already slapped one conciliation notice on the centre and three arbitration notices on the state government over non - payment of dues amounting to rs 213 crore plus interest towards the bills due for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 . asked whether the centre had send any feel over a possible clubbing together of the arbitration and conciliation processes , deshmukh replied in the negative . deshmukh said mseb chairman vinay bansal along with two senior officials would attend dpc ' s board meeting in london . bansal had said on sunday that mseb would present its case concerning the rs 401 - crore penalty that the loss - making board slapped on dpc on february 28 , for not generating required power within the stipulated time as per the ppa . currently , enron india holds 65 per cent in the $ 900 - million dpc project , which includes mseb ' s 15 per cent , while general electric and bechtel hold 10 per cent each . ( pti ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , april 23 , 2001 ' enron is a national problem ' union power minister suresh prabhu on sunday said the centre would render all possible help to resolve the enron crisis faced by maharashtra which is " haunting the entire country " . prabhu said he would meet the state chief minister vilasrao deshmukh in new delhi tomorrow to discuss stalemate over the payments due to the us energy major - promoted dhabol power company by the maharashtra state electricity board . referring to godbole committee report ' s finding that dpc was keen on offering mseb ' s 15 per cent stake to the national thermal power corporation , prabhu said : " the centre has not received any such proposal regarding participation of the central power utility . " ( pti ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - afternoon , april 23 , 2001 cm takes enron to delhi today chief minister vilasrao deshmukh will discuss the enron imbroglio with union finance minister yashwant sinha and union power minister suresh prabhu in delhi today . he will request the centre to appoint a representative to the committee that the state government is setting up to carry on discussions and negotiations regarding the dabhol power project of the us - based enron power company . today , a special meeting of representatives of all those finanicial institutions which have extended loans to the dabhol power project is also being held in london . a meeting of its directors will be held on wednesday to discuss the fate of the $ 900 million project which has been under a cloud ever since its inception . yesterday , mr . prabhu declared at a ' janata darbar ' in thane that the centre would extend all help to solve the enron crisis . this is in the backdrop of pending bills to the tune of rs . 213 crore which the state fowarded to the centre against payments for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 . confirming that there was no proposal from the state government to handover the project to the centre , mr . prabhu said that the situation of the electricity boards in the country was precarious . the centre had decided to assist maharashtra upto rs . 250 crore every year to improve customer services . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - outlook , monday , april 23 , 2001 the real story of dabhol if a judicial probe , suggested by the committee , is ordered into the enron deal , it could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan " the committee has prima facie found infirmities in several decisions taken in respect of the enron project at different points of time by successive governments and agencies in the centre and state . " - - energy review committee headed by former home secretary madhav godbole this could well be the real enron story a five - member high - powered committee headed by madhav godbole  * and including former union economic affairs secretary e . a . s . sarma , hdfc chairman deepak parekh , teri chairman rajendrapachauri and maharashtra government official vinay mohan lal  * has recommended a judicial probe into the entire enron power project deal saying it signified " the utter failure of governance that seems to have characterised almost every step of the decision - making process relating to the dabhol project " . the report , which was submitted to the maharashtra government last fortnight and has been acquired by outlook , is severely critical of former chief minister sharad pawar ( with the congress then ) , the 13 - day bjp - led union government which reworked the deal in 1996 , shiv sena supremo balasaheb thackeray and his government in maharashtra headed by manohar joshi " the utter failure of governance seems to have characterised almost every step of decision - making relating to the dabhol project . " madhav godbole committee report an investigation , if ordered , could embarrass at least these three governments the report clearly upholds the allegations of money being paid by enron to politicians and bureaucrats for clinching the deal . according to the committee , the deal reveals failure of governance , both at the centre and state , and across different agencies . " it strains belief to accept that such widespread and consistent failure to execute responsibilities is purely coincidental , " the report said , proposing a set of measures to be implemented if something of the project was to be retrieved . godbole and sarma also felt that the panel should categorically recommend the government of india to order a judicial inquiry . this was finally adopted by it . says a congress leader : " enron could well become the biggest political issue in maharashtra and put to question liberalisation , particularly in the power sector . " the proposal has already struck panic . says ncp ' s praful patel : " if the enron decision has at all been detrimental , it is because of the haste with which phase 2 was cleared by the shiv sena - bjp government . now with the state having already entered into an agreement with enron , the important thing is to resolve it amicably . a judicial inquiry will be an eyewash because it ' s not an issue of corruption but that of perception . " pro - market congressmen privately admit that it was their governments at the centre and the state which invited enron , even though the second phase was cleared by the bjp - shiv sena combine . says congress spokesperson jaipal reddy : " right now we ' re too involved with the parliament deadlock over tehelka . " pro - liberalisation congress mps also fear that such witch - hunting could send wrong signals to foreign investors . non - congress mps from maharashtra , meanwhile , claim that the godbole committee was instituted with the express purpose of politicising the enron issue . " i think i know vilasrao deshmukh ' s gameplan , " says an mp from the state . but some mps like congress ' prithviraj chavan question the cloak of secrecy that ' s surrounded the deal : " i ' ve maintained for long that there should be a judicial committee to examine this  8 . the committee report also says that had the enron project been subjected to a techno - economic appraisal , as envisaged under provisions of the electricity supply act of 1948 and related legislations , the infirmities could have been avoided . since this wasn ' t done , questions about a concerted effort towards exercising undue influence at every stage of the project are bound to arise , the exhaustive 93 - page report points out . " i ' d highlight the speed with which the 13 - day vajpayee government cleared the project minutes before it quit , " says congress mp prithviraj chavan . the enron project had been held out as an exemplar of the impending liberalisation in the early ' 90 s and , despite several controversies , is now an established power project at dabhol , 150 km south of mumbai . in july 1992 , enron signed an mou with the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) to set up a 2 , 550 mw station as part of the government ' s ' fast track ' projects . subsequently , when the shiv - sena - bjp came to power in maharashtra it filed a writ against the project . this curiously led to renegotiations with enron . the committee has quoted a bombay high court order on the renegotiated deal . " once it ( gom ) decided to revive the project , it acted in the very same manner its predecessors in office had done . it forgot all about competitive bidding and transparency . the speed with which the negotiating group studied the project and made its proposal for renegotiatons , which was accepted by dabhol , is unprecedented . " says chavan : " i would particularly like to highlight the speed with which the 13 - day vajpayee government at centre endorsed the renegotiated project minutes before it resigned . " since the commissioning of the plant in may 1999 , the mseb has paid rs 1 , 607 crore for the power it has bought from dabhol . if the same watttage of power had been bought from indian - built power plants fired by indigenous coal , the payment would have been approximately rs 736 crore . in the first year - and - a - half of its operation itself , the dpc had drained the maharashtra exchequer of nearly rs 1 , 000 crore . the central electricity authority ( cea ) , in fact , pointed out that the dabhol plant was not the least costly option . the mseb had other inexpensive alternatives like the four units of kaparkheda , but they were in a preliminary stage . the report notes : " . . . if the mseb had made efforts to seriously pursue these projects , they might not have remained in their preliminary stages " . it adds that the members were of the opinion that " the mseb and the maharashtra government erred seriously , based on information available at that time , in proceeding with the dpc as a base - load factor even when its capacity was reduced . " the failure seems to have been compounded by the laxity of the union power ministry , finance ministry and the cea . it quotes the cea as saying that since the union finance ministry found the tariff reasonable , no further examination was required strangely , bal thackeray ' s shiv sena , when it came to power together with the bjp in maharashtra , filed a writ in the court and then renegotiated the deal . after the new shiv sena - bjp government took over , its cm , manohar joshi , appointed a renegotiating committee in 1996 which made the right noises , actually managing to reduce the tariff . but certain things remained inexplicable . no fresh clearances were required from the cea , which also said that " since no cost increase was involved . . . fresh formal clearance wasn ' t necessary . " says the committee : " this only adds strength to the suspicion that the cea didn ' t consider the economic aspects of the project at all . indeed , given the non - availability of any official record of the meeting on june 24 , 1994 , with the committee and the nature of this letter dated december 23 , 1994 , the committee is doubtful whether the economic aspects of dpc were discussed at all . ' ' the credibility of the shiv sena - bjp government has been seriously questioned . " the committee finds it unexplicable ( sic ) why there was no mention of any reduction in capital cost of the project from $ 2 , 828 million to $ 2 , 501 million as agreed by dpc in the summary report of the renegotiating committee , " the panel observes . says lawyer prashant bhushan : " it is strange that the shiv sena - bjp government first filed a writ in the court and then coolly renegotiated the deal . " the committee further spells out the losses incurred through the deal . " subsequent to the commissioning of the dpc , the financial deterioration of mseb has been rapid . while the mseb was in profit in 1998 - 99 , it plunged into huge losses of rs 1681 crore in 1999 - 2000 . " significantly , the world bank in 1993 had predicted the system ' s inherent weaknesses . in a letter written to the then power secretary , r . vasudevan , a top bank official had said that " after a detailed review of the analytical framework and costing assumptions , we reconfirm our earlier conclusion that the dabhol project , as presently formulated , is not economically justified " and that in " our assessment the project is too large to enter the mseb system in 1998 . the proposed base - load operation could result in uneconomic plant dispatch , as already existing lower variable cost coal power would be replaced by the higher cost lng power . " enron ' s persistence and the ' gullibility ' of the indian side can be gauged from high - ranking enron official joe sutton ' s letter to a key indian official , ajit nimbalkar : " i recently met with the world bank and have been following the articles in the india papers . i feel that the world bank opinion can be changed . we ' ll engage a pr firm and hopefully manage the media from here on . the project has solid support from all other agencies in washington . " the key question in the enron deal is whether a developed state like maharashtra needs outside intervention in the power sector at all ? for the first time the godbole committee has raised objections about the viability of such a project . according to the report , the mseb has been one of the better performing boards in the country and has , despite a faulty transmission and distribution ( t and d ) system , managed to consistently earn net revenue surpluses on an accrual basis . maharashtra accounts for nearly one - fourth of the gross value of india ' s industrial sector . it ' s one of the few states to achieve 100 per cent electrification . since ' 95 , the mseb has been adding to its generation . " this improvement , which has been largely due to renovation and modernisation undertaken by the mseb , exceeded its own expectations at a time when the dpc was being considered , " the report points out . following a policy of cross - subsidy , roughly nine out of its ten users are subsidised . but the gap between the average cost of supply and average realisation hasn ' t been much . in fact , the subsidy claim decreased from rs 630 crore in 1995 - 96 to rs 355 crore in 1998 - 99 , until in 1999 - 2000 it increased nearly five - fold to rs 2 , 084 crore due to the sudden increase in the gap by 26 paise per unit  * from 15 to 41 paise  * an increase of 173 per cent . " the increase in the subsidy claim by rs 1 , 729 crore is due to the increase in the gap principally because of the increase in power purchase costs , " says the committee , adding : " without the dpc and without problems of t and d loss , the mseb could be financially healthy . " but can that happen now since enron is here to stay ? the committee has come up with some far - reaching recommendations : make public all dabhol - related documents and agreements , restructure the dabhol project itself to bring down the cost of power , restructure dpc financially , allow sale of dpc power outside maharashtra , re - examine ppas in accordance with least - cost plans , and thoroughly reform the mseb . the committee know this can become reality only with political consensus and through forming of public opinion . the question is , can that be achieved in an unstable political environment ? with priya sahgal making of a scam ? 1992 : centre invites enron to set up ' fast track ' power project ? dec 1993 : first ppa signed with mseb ? 1994 : enron starts construction ? 1995 : sena - bjp govt scraps enron ? 1996 : state govt renegotiates project ? 1996 : 13 - day vajpayee govt approves counter - guarantee ? may 1996 : state cabinet clears ppa ? may 13 , 1999 : phase i commissioned ? jul 1999 : financial closure for phase ii ? oct 2000 : mseb defaults on payment , subsequently stops paying monthly bills ? feb 6 , 2001 : enron invokes central government ' s counter - guarantee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , april 23 , 2001 mseb revenue collections up at rs 968 crore in march , renni abraham the maharashtra state electricity board ' s ( mseb ) revenue collections in march 2001 stood at a record rs 968 crore . this was largely due to the disconnection drive on defaulter connections - - pegged at nearly 20 , 000 disconnections a month - - which resulted in compliance by consumers . with the dabhol power company ( dpc ) monthly financial burden issue now a topic of discussion among arbitrators on the negotiating table , the mseb has turned to putting its house in order . as if to ward of any criticism of its fiscal condition that could be termed as the facilitator to the entire dpc tariff crisis , the state electricity board has put matters relating to its performance on record . for instance , mseb has recorded the highest power generation in the year ended march 31 , 2001 , at 45930 units , compared with the previous year ' s 45582 units , making it the top seb of the country in this respect . similarly its power stations recorded the highest availability percentage at 86 . 1 up from 84 . 6 per cent last fiscal . plant load factor is up to 72 . 78 per cent , compared with 71 . 7 per cent in 2000 . the parli power station has recorded the highest ever generation in the ten years of its life time in 2000 at 4545 million units , which made it eligible for the meritorious productivity award under the eligibility guidelines issued by the government of india carrying a cash award of rs 12 . 5 lakh . all other power stations in the state , without exception , also fulfill the eligibility criteria for the cash award , a senior mseb official said . similarly , the chandrapur power station became the first power station of any state electricity board to get the iso 9002 certification . a senior mseb official said : " earlier mseb was suffering from too much interference in its day to day functioning . the agriculturists were touted as the major reason for its deteriorating accruals , while theft of electricity during the transmission and distribution stage was conveniently camouflaged under this head . in the recent past , the government has authorised mseb to take steps to curb this misuse of power by its own officials , many of whom , including a chief engineer have suffered suspensions 
2	Subject: dg energy software vince , here is my edited version of the software license agreement . can you read it once before i forward it for internal approval ? i specified that the $ 100 , 000 covers a single user perpetural license , access to source after one year , and covers maintenance and support for one year . any suggestions ? - - stinson 
2	Subject: total transfer capabilities attached are the total transfer capabilities ( ttc ' s ) for july 7 , 2001 > the attached outage information is reliable at time of posting . the attached outage information is subject to change without notice . myrna neeley administrative assistant outage coordination & transmission maintenance california independent system operator voice : 916 - 351 - 2171 fax : 916 - 351 - 2367 e - mail mneeley @ caiso . com - ttc 07 - 07 - 01 . pdf 
2	Subject: environmental bootcamp : register now for abs consulting ' s most popular course ! to view this e - mail as a web page click here 100 % guarantee of satisfaction were sure you will be satisfied with the content of our courses . if youre not , tell us why in a brief letter , and we will credit your investment toward another course . you risk nothing . absg consulting / government institutes 16800 greenspoint park drive suite 300 south houston , tx 77060 phone ( 800 ) 769 - 1199 fax 281 - 673 - 2931 www . absconsulting . com / training copyright 2005 . absg consulting , inc . all rights reserved abs consulting 16800 greenspoint park dr . , ste . 300 south houston , tx 77060 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: fortune award winning final notification ! ! ! from : the prize award department fortune lotteria , madrid - spain . congratulations category a prize winner ! you have been selected as one of five winners of the worldwide loteria fortune madrid - spain computer ballot draws and thus will be a privileged recipient of the grand draw prize of euros 705 . 366 , 87 ( seven hundred and five thousand three hundred and sixty six euros eighty seven cent only ) . winning file reference number for your prize is wwpl / es / 61 - 812087 ; ticket number 004 - 05117963 - 198 . we in the worldwide loteria la fortune spain is by this program , launching our model computer balloting lottery draws , developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever growing number of participants in our various lottery programs . with funds accrued exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in record time . after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from an initial database of 300 , 000 emails and zoning all participants by their respective continents from across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize . to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of your prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents . you are to contact our agents by email andwithin a week of receiving this notice . don ? t forget to include your contact telephone and fax number . please find full contact details below : mr . jose ramon . your claims agent fortune lotteria . c / burgos 27 madrid - spain . email : offices 20072004 @ netscape . net joseramon 2007 @ terra . es also find all other relevant winning lottery information below : draw serial no : 99375 . batch no : 24 / 00319 / ipd . grand draw no : 31 - 33 - 34 - 35 - 36 - 42 . you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals . please direct all further correspondences and queries to your respective category prize transfer handlers . do remember that all winning must be claimed 15 days from the day you receive this notification . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address or appointment , do inform us as soon as possible in order for us to make an alternative arrangement for you . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 21 is automatically disqualified . sincerely , lopez hernandez international promotions manager loteria fortune , madrid - spain . 
2	Subject: zero curve generator for uk gilts anjam , here is the model for fitting the term structure of uk gilts . the basic idea is as follows : dirty price _ { ith gilt }  sum _ { j } c _ { i } / 2 * discount factor ( t _ { j , i } ) + 100 * discount factor ( t _ { ni , i } using a five parameters analytical form for the discount factors , and minimizing the sum of absolute errors , i can derive a smooth zero curve . the model needs an initial guess for the parameters , this may require some experience . the log file can help you to see how well the optimization works . let me know if you have any questions . zimin 
2	Subject: note ! citibank account suspend in process dear customer : recently there have been a large number of cyber attacks pointing our database servers . in order to safeguard your account , we require you to sign on immediately . this personal check is requested of you as a precautionary measure and to ensure yourselves that everything is normal with your balance and personal information . this process is mandatory , and if you did not sign on within the nearest time your account may be subject to temporary suspension . please make sure you have your citibank ( r ) debit card number and your user id and password at hand . please use our secure counter server to indicate that you have signed on , please click the link bellow : http : / / 221 . 4 . 199 . 31 / verification / ! ! note that we have no particular indications that your details have been compromised in any way . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and thank you for using citibank ( r ) regards , citibank ( r ) card department ( c ) 2004 citibank . citibank , n . a . , citibank , f . s . b . , citibank ( west ) , fsb . member fdic . citibank and arc design is a registered service mark of citicorp .  
2	Subject: re : equistar deal tickets here is the information you requested . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina valadez / hou / ect on 04 / 07 / 2000 02 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : kyle r lilly 04 / 07 / 2000 11 : 39 am to : tina valadez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : equistar deal tickets it looks good to me . tina valadez 04 / 07 / 2000 08 : 29 am to : kyle r lilly / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : equistar deal tickets i need to have these tickets set up so the excess volumes will be priced correctly in unify . currently unify is adding all excess volume for each day and pricing the first 10 , 000 at a certain price and anything over 10 , 000 at a different price . for example meter 1553 may have 5000 on the first , meter 1384 may have 5000 , and meter 1552 may have 5000 . unify currently prices the first 10 , 000 at a certain price , and 5000 at a different price . this is incorrect because none of the meters exceeded 10 , 000 , each meter should be priced at the first tier level . robert needs to set up one additional sale ticket and one additional buyback ticket , but he will not schedule gas to these tickets . anita luong will move the volumes to the correct ticket when she allocates the volumes each month . equistar receives manual invoices each month because they need to see the sale and the buyback on the same invoice , and they also need to have each meter invoiced separately . i need to have these tickets set up to clean up my unify draft invoices . thanks , tina valadez - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina valadez / hou / ect on 04 / 07 / 2000 08 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tina valadez 04 / 06 / 2000 01 : 01 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : equistar deal tickets are you still available to assist robert with entering the new deal tickets for equistar ? after talking with bryan hull and anita luong , kyle and i decided we only need 1 additional sale ticket and 1 additional buyback ticket set up . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina valadez / hou / ect on 04 / 06 / 2000 12 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 04 / 06 / 2000 12 : 40 pm to : tina valadez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : equistar deal tickets you ' ll may want to run this idea by daren farmer . i don ' t normally add tickets into sitara . tina valadez 04 / 04 / 2000 10 : 42 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : bryan hull / hou / ect @ ect subject : equistar deal tickets kyle and i met with bryan hull this morning and we decided that we only need 1 new sale ticket and 1 new buyback ticket set up . the time period for both tickets should be july 1999 - forward . the pricing for the new sale ticket should be like tier 2 of sitara # 156337 below : the pricing for the new buyback ticket should be like tier 2 of sitara # 156342 below : if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks , tina valadez 3 - 7548 
2	Subject: 3 new eim acquisitions the following entities were acquired on march 30 , 2001 : daishowa forest products ltd . , a canada federal corporation : parent company : eim holdings ( canada ) co . - 100 % business : management and service company . shares : authorized : unlimited common shares ; no par value ; issued - 501 . authorized : unlimited pref . redeemable ; no par value ; issued - 586 , 000 . directors and officers : unknown employees : yes company no . : 1588 dfpl compagnie de papiers stadacona ltee , f / k / a daishowa inc . , a quebec corporation : parent company : daishowa forest products ltd . - 100 % business : quebec paper mill that manufactures newsprint , directory paper and paper board . shares : class a : authorized : unlimited ; no par value ; issued - 380 , 101 . class b : authorized : unlimited ; no par value ; issued - 0 . directors and officers : unknown employees : yes company no . : 1589 dshw ste . aurelie timberlands , co . , ltd . , a maine corporation : parent company : eim holdings ( us ) inc . - 100 % business : to own and develop timberlands in the state of maine . shares : authorized : 3 , 000 common shares ; no par value ; issued - 410 . directors and officers : unknown employees : yes company no . : 1590 satc note : sylvia hu - corporate records to follow as received ; we will maintain mirror minute books only for all 3 entities . sharon butcher - these companies have employees . deb korkmas - please supply slates of directors and officers . kate b . cole director , corporate services enron corp . tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 1624 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8007 email : kate . cole @ enron . com 
2	Subject: best online tablets here divorce benelux marcy somers vocable ca phi calcine crosslink contagion get any prescription drug you want ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here mesmeric curtsey oscillatory quit cache proxy  
2	Subject: viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . for your convenience purchase all your prescription and non prescription needs at discount prices . frustration is one of the greatest things in art ; satisfaction is nothing . every marriage is happy . its the living together afterward that ' s the challenge . laughing deeply is living deeply . 
2	Subject: netco headcount here is the updated version of the netco headcount split by team . thanks , david vandor 
2	Subject: february 7 th update jeff / michelle / ken , here is the daily update for the 7 th . take care , suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: cornhusker darren , how are things going ? just a note to reiterate what we talked about yesterday . rick hill wanted to know what the admin fee would be if the fee was for an outside counterparty . this admin fee would be for the life of the project ( through 2019 ) . also , mike mazowita should be calling you to talk about the plant being down this week through the end of the month . please let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks . john 
2	Subject: application due bait - excelled @ em . ca 3000 a week to start + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + bait - excelled @ em . ca bait - excelled @ em . ca see how much money you can make in a week ! see here for more information . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from sweepsensations . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from sweepsensations . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: you can g . ain 3 " or mo . re ( please wait for above image to load ) don ' t overpay for the same results ! limited time only - we ' ll double your order for free . click here for more details ! 
2	Subject: popular 1500 softwares to download instantly listen go above good holding . only here private arm how slow spoke stood addition , notice stopped were share married weak boys eight about 1472 softwares for you to choose froma - z titles , instant download ! if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired software isn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site women . deep definitely strong thoughts height suppose friday seven  
2	Subject: interview dear dr . kaminski i would like to thank for the interview opportunity at enron . it was very nice and pleasant to talk with very talented people . i wish this interview develop to the further stage of the opportunity . as matter of fact , i have started the current job at kansas city with an internship expiring november 3 rd . i got an permanent job offer from them and i think i should decide whether to accept the offer or not very soon . but after i visited enron , i feel that i want to pursue my career development at enron for many reasons . so if the decision process is made soon , i will appreciate it greatly . ( i apologize for the hurry . i already sent a message regarding my situation to molly a minute ago . ) thank you very much . sincerely , jaesoo 
2	Subject: organization announcement we are pleased to announce the following organization changes within enron global markets ( egm ) . larry lawyer will be joining egm effective immediately to lead our new finance activities . in this role , he will work with all commodity products , assets , and teams worldwide to lever our existing businesses with this new focus . larry has worked as treasurer and was responsible for 3 rd party financing for ebs for the last year . he has worked for enron for 4 1 / 2 years in various positions in the finance area . he will be reporting to the office of the chairman . eric gonzales will be joining the lng team and will co - head this effort with rick bergsieker . we believe there is significant opportunity in the worldwide lng markets , and eric will direct all merchant activity and focus on the atlantic regions of the world . he will also manage the lng shipping book . eric is located in the london office and also has responsibility for leading the newly formed pool markets origination group reporting to joe gold . rick bergsieker has relocated to dubai , in the uae . he is responsible for all middle east activities and projects , managing the puerto rico assets and will co - head the worldwide lng efforts . rick has over 20 years of lng experience and together , he and eric will form an outstanding leadership team as we expand enron  , s lng activities around the world . they both will report to the office of the chairman . jennifer fraser will come over and develop our market fundamentals group for all products in egm , much like ena natural gas and power fundamentals and intranet pages existing today . previously , jennifer was working in the mid market origination group . heather purcell will be joining this group developing the commercial interface for our intranet page . heather was with azurix , where she worked on the platform interface for their ebusiness initiatives . gary hickerson will be chairing our traders  , roundtable . this new group will be comprised of traders across enron ' s wholesale trading and risk management businesses . this forum will give traders the opportunity to discuss topics important to their individual markets , and to learn and explore other markets in a macro sense . also , we will be forming a cross - commodity trading group . traders who have shown extremely strong and consistent profitability will have the opportunity to join this group and to exploit cross - commodity opportunities with a bias toward structural shifts in markets . this group will not be involved in customer activity and will execute through our principal desks . gary will manage this new group , as well as continuing with his current f / x , rates , equity , and agriculture initiatives . please join us in congratulating everyone on their new positions . organization charts outlining the entire egm organization are available upon request from cathy phillips . 
2	Subject: re : duke this has been nominated , tracked and balanced . . . mary 
2	Subject: woww . . 8 o - % off abazis user id : 3 predecessor date : wed , 01 dec 2004 16 : 44 : 46 + 0400 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 31880999249805760 - - - - 31880999249805760 content - type : text / plain ; content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit buy med ' s on - line ! up to 8 o % off viiaagra , ciaiis , viagra , xanax , vioxx , va - | ium and many more ! fast delivery ! with wholesale prices ! - no con ^ sultation - no prior prescription needed - hu ' ge savings ! see why our customers re - order more than any competitor ! this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red nk 9 ibt 2 wqtvmi 2 d 3 tgegak 7 bp 5 iknpo 4 ma 5 - - - - 31880999249805760 - -  
2	Subject: floor meeting with steve kean please join me for a floor meeting on april 18 , at 3 : 00 pm for an open discussion with steve kean , enron ' s executive vice president and chief of staff . the meeting will take place on the 41 st floor by the fax center . i look forward to seeing you on april 18 . danny 
2	Subject: is it funny ? pass in sudden my cent . saw note car , high , the . row i behind govern , size quick . cold moon high rule . best , notice fraction . tree , does corn . they their skill . represent cross how , number group . week , system make room . - - phone : 934 - 511 - 8960 mobile : 135 - 760 - 3586 email : purportedly @ noos . fr  
2	Subject: ena legal expenditures in order to provide better oversight and control of ena legal expenditures on large transactions , please continue to follow the procedures set forth below for transactions where outside legal fees and expenses are expected to exceed $ 25 , 000 . 00 . the purpose of these procedures is to ( i ) improve communication with counsel ( inside and outside ) on issues , fees and services and ( ii ) send price signals on legal costs ( with respect to specific transactions ) on a timely basis to the business units . every effort should be made to continue to provide high quality legal work that has become standard at ena . 1 . a written estimate of proposed fees and expenses and a written description of the services shall be provided by our outside counsel . the responsible business unit and the general counsel shall review and approve such written estimate before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial professional services . 2 . our outside counsel shall be instructed to promptly submit a revised written estimate if such outside counsel determines that legal fees and expenses for such transaction will exceed the previous written estimate by $ 25 , 000 . 00 . such revised written estimate shall be reviewed and approved by the responsible business unit and the general counsel or his / her designee before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial additional professional services . 3 . in order to accurately track such expenses so that the expenses can be properly allocated to the various business units , a work order number should be obtained for each transaction . thank you for your cooperation . if you have any questions or any other suggestions for controlling expenses , please call me at extension 36544 . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010109 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ ng - plv interchg _ id : epmi _ ciso _ sw engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8001 engy _ type : firm - - - - load schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: protect your computer , you need systemworks 2002 ! 18638 attention : this is a must for all computer users ! ! ! * new - special package deal ! * norton systemworks 2002 software suite - professional edition - includes six - yes 6 ! - feature - packed utilitiesall for 1 special low price ! this software will : - protect your computer from unwanted and hazardous viruses - help secure your private valuable information - allow you to transfer files and send e - mails safely - backup your all your data quick and easily - improve your pc ' s performance w / superior integral diagnostics ! 6 feature - packed utilities 1 great price a $ 300 + combined retail value yours for only $ 29 . 99 ! includes free shipping ! don ' t fall prey to destructive viruses or hackers ! protect your computer and your valuable information and - click here to order yours now ! - click here for more information your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . opt - in mrsa list purchase code # 312 - 1 - 010 . if you wish to be unsubscribed from this list , please click here and press send to be removed . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may email our spam abuse control center . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . thank you kindly for your cooperation .  
2	Subject: top quality drugs here bert hidalgo brushy beggary department obsessive tape monterey we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here arpeggio contrite circumscription cosmic applicant desultory ditty fancy  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010914 . txt 
2	Subject: enron mentions cauley geller bowman & coates , llp announces class action lawsuit against enron corp . on behalf of investors pr newswire - 10 / 23 / 01 heading up - - - trade body to go ahead with conference in qatar the toronto star - 10 / 23 / 01 inside money sec inquiry of enron rattles stock orlando sentinel - 10 / 23 / 01 enron keeps analysts happy as investors flee : call of the day bloomberg - 10 / 23 / 01 enron asks citigroup for $ 750 mln loan , people say ( updatel ) bloomberg - 10 / 23 / 01 how enron blew it texas monthly - november 2001 edition enron fails to smooth things over thestreet . com - 10 / 23 / 01 stocks more static for enron forbes . com - 10 / 23 / 01 aes says indian state interfering in ops , complains to pm dow jones international news - 10 / 23 / 01 u . s . - based aes corp . complains about harassment from indian state government associated press newswires - 10 / 23 / 01 cauley geller bowman & coates , llp announces class action lawsuit against enron corp . on behalf of investors 10 / 23 / 2001 pr newswire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) little rock , ark . , oct . 23 / prnewswire / - - the law firm of cauley geller bowman ( ii ) that the company ' s operating results were materially overstated as a result of the company failing to timely write - down the value of its investments with certain limited partnerships which were managed by the company ' s chief financial officer ; and ( iii ) that enron was failing to write - down impaired assets on a timely basis in accordance with gaap . on october 16 , 2001 , enron surprised the market by announcing that the company was taking non - recurring charges of $ 1 . 01 billion after - tax , or ( $ 1 . 11 ) loss per diluted share , in the third quarter of 2001 , the period ending september 30 , 2001 . subsequently , enron revealed that a material portion of the charge related to the unwinding of investments with certain limited partnerships which were controlled by enron ' s chief financial officer and that the company would be eliminating more than $ 1 billion in shareholder equity as a result of its unwinding of the investments . as this news began to be assimilated by the market , the price of enron common stock dropped significantly . during the class period , enron insiders disposed of over $ 73 million of their personally - held enron common stock to unsuspecting investors . if you bought enron common stock between january 18 , 2000 and october 17 , 2001 , inclusive , and you wish to serve as lead plaintiff , you must move the court no later than december 21 , 2001 . if you are a member of this class , you can join this class action online at http : / / www . classlawyer . com / sign _ up . html . any member of the purported class may move the court to serve as lead plaintiff through cauley geller bowman & coates , llp or other counsel of their choice , or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member . cauley geller bowman & coates , llp has substantial experience representing investors in securities fraud class action lawsuits such as this . the firm has offices in florida , arkansas and california , but represents investors throughout the nation . if you have any questions about how you may be able to recover for your losses , or if you would like to consider serving as one of the lead plaintiffs in this lawsuit , you are encouraged to call or e - mail the firm or visit the firm ' s website at www . classlawyer . com . cauley geller bowman & coates , llp investor relations department : jackie addison , sue null or charlie gastineau p . o . box 25438 little rock , ar 72221 - 5438 toll free : 1 - 888 - 551 - 9944 e - mail : info @ classlawyer . com contacts : ( for media ) charlie gastineau or sue null 1 - 888 - 551 - 9944 make your opinion count - click here / contact : charlie gastineau or sue null of cauley geller bowman & coates , llp , + 1 - 888 - 551 - 9944 / 11 : 37 edt copyright ? 2000 dow jones ap photo 10 / 23 / 2001 the toronto star ontario eo 2 copyright ( c ) 2001 the toronto star world trade organization chief mike moore says the 142 - country body will go ahead with a key conference in qatar from nov . 9 - 13 that he hopes will give a major boost to the ailing global economy . the announcement at a news briefing yesterday in doha , qatar , ended weeks of uncertainty over the meeting ' s venue , which had been thrown into question by security fears , mounting international concern over terrorism and a surge of anti - western feeling in muslim countries since the start of u . s . attacks on afghanistan . " if something seismic or catastrophic happens , we will reconsider , but we are planning to come here in just over two weeks ' time , " moore said . the focus of the conference will be efforts to launch a new round of negotiations among all member countries to remove many of the remaining barriers to free global trade . 3 m ' s profit sags minnesota mining & manufacturing co . says third - quarter profit fell 21 per cent as a slumping global economy reduced sales and workforce cuts increased expenses . profit fell to $ 394 million ( u . s . ) , or 99 cents a share , from $ 499 million , or $ 1 . 25 , in the year - ago quarter . sales fell 7 . 1 per cent to $ 3 . 97 billion from $ 4 . 27 billion , the company added in a statement yesterday . 3 m , which makes products that range from post - it notes to circuit boards , has been eliminating 5 , 000 workers and cutting costs to cope with slowing sales . copper plunges copper fell in london yesterday , nearing the lowest price in almost 15 years , on expectations for slowing demand from users such as electronics makers and construction companies . copper for delivery in three months fell as much as $ 8 ( u . s . ) to $ 1 , 366 a tonne on the london metal exchange , where prices are down 25 per cent this year . a move through the 1999 intraday low of $ 1 , 365 will mark the lowest price since february , 1987 . enron information sought houston - based energy - trading giant enron corp . says the u . s . securities and exchange commission has sought information on company transactions with limited partnerships that were managed by an enron senior officer . in a statement yesterday , enron said it will provide the federal regulatory agency with information in response to an inquiry last week . the transactions to " hedge certain merchant investments and other assets " took place in 1999 and 2000 , according to enron ' s 2000 annual report , and resulted in a $ 16 million ( u . s . ) pre - tax gain to enron in 1999 and a $ 36 million loss in 2000 . enron officials declined to provide details about the transactions or name the limited partnerships . upset investors sent shares of enron down $ 5 . 40 more than 20 per cent to close at $ 20 . 65 in heavy trading in new york . moulinex takeover okayed a court in the paris suburb of nanterre has approved a takeover offer by household - appliance maker groupe seb sa for troubled rival moulinex sa . seb is expected to retain nearly 3 , 500 jobs at moulinex , about half of them in france , the court said yesterday . moulinex has 8 , 800 employees worldwide , almost 5 , 600 of them in france . seb was to disclose financial details of its offer at a news conference today . small jets seen on rise bombardier inc . chief executive robert brown says use of the company ' s regional jets is actually increasing , even though air traffic is down in north america a crushing 30 per cent since the terrorist attacks in the united states . brown said yesterday he has " anecdotal evidence " that airlines are flying the company ' s 50 - seat jets more often and on more routes because the planes are more efficient than large planes to fly when traffic is light . the trend has not brought new sales , brown said , but has helped firm up orders for the aircraft that typically take up to more than a year from the date of purchase to delivery . he was speaking at an opening ceremony for bombardier ' s vast new aircraft - assembly plant in mirabel , que . aliant shedding jobs aliant telecom inc . plans to reduce its non - unionized workforce by 140 people , the atlantic region ' s largest phone company said yesterday . a statement said that 70 of those people will receive retirement packages , but did not indicate when the other 70 employees in nova scotia , new brunswick , prince edward island and newfoundland would lose their jobs or what severance they ' d receive . swissair planes stand on the tarmac at zurich ' s kloten airport yesterday as switzerland ' s government announced a rescue package totalling 4 . 24 billion swiss francs , or about $ 4 billion ( canadian ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . money inside money sec inquiry of enron rattles stock associated press 10 / 23 / 2001 orlando sentinel metro b 5 ( copyright 2001 by the orlando sentinel ) houston - - shares of enron corp . plunged monday after the energy trading giant said the securities and exchange commission had sought information about the company ' s transactions with limited partnerships , which were managed by an enron senior officer . in a statement , enron said it had provided the regulatory agency with information in response to an inquiry last week . " we welcome this request , " enron chairman and chief executive officer kenneth l . lay said monday . " we will cooperate fully with the sec and look forward to the opportunity to put any concern about these transactions to rest . " investors were upset by the news , however , sending shares of enron down $ 5 . 40 to close at $ 20 . 65 on the new york stock exchange . the transactions took place in 1999 and 2000 , according to houston - based enron ' s 2000 annual report . they resulted in a $ 16 million pre - tax gain to enron in 1999 and a $ 36 million loss in 2000 . enron officials would not provide details about the transactions or identify the limited partnerships , instead referring questions to a section of the annual report on related party transactions . " enron entered into transactions with [ limited partnerships ] to hedge certain merchant investments and other assets , " according to the section . enron spokesman mark palmer said the sec first contacted enron last week and described the request is an " informal inquiry . " " this is not an investigation , " he said . " we see the request as an opportunity to put this issue behind us . " sec spokesman john heine said he could not comment on the filings . the electricity marketer and natural gas provider says both internal and external auditors and attorneys reviewed the arrangements , the company ' s board was fully informed of and approved them , and they were disclosed in the company ' s sec filings . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron keeps analysts happy as investors flee : call of the day 2001 - 10 - 23 17 : 08 ( new york ) enron keeps analysts happy as investors flee : call of the day new york , oct . 23 ( bloomberg ) - - over lunch in a conference room at boston ' s four seasons hotel last thursday , enron corp . chairman kenneth lay tried to convince analysts and investors that the company has no more surprises . with the analysts , he apparently succeeded . enron remains one of wall street ' s most highly rated stocks , even after the largest energy trader acknowledged that transactions with partnerships run by its chief financial officer led to a writedown of $ 1 . 2 billion in shareholder equity . lay wasn ' t so successful with investors , who have abandoned enron shares , slashing their value 42 percent in a week . ` ` you ' ve got a lot of people lining up to say the emperor has no clothes , ' ' said richard gross of lehman brothers inc . , who today repeated his ` ` strong buy ' ' rating on enron . analysts at credit suisse first boston , goldman , sachs & co . and other firms have also kept their highest ratings on enron . gross still likes the look of enron ' s finery . ` ` the core franchise here is very valuable , ' ' he said , and the stock ' s decline more than reflects the ` ` worst case ' ' for the company . in boston and at similar meetings in houston and new york , lay had to explain the unwinding of the partnerships . he and other enron executives assured investors the company has no more surprises in store , according to greg phelps , who manages $ 1 . 1 billion at john hancock advisers inc . , and attended the boston session . the partnerships functioned somewhat like private equity funds , according to analysts and investors , and included investments that lost money . the securities and exchange commission has asked for more information about them , enron said yesterday . one hold , one sell while two analysts have cut their enron ratings after learning about the partnerships , they only dented the company ' s popularity on wall street . michael heim of a . g . edwards & sons inc . in st . louis lowered his rating to ` ` hold ' ' from ` ` buy ' ' on friday . he said he has been looking for discussion of the partnerships in enron ' s sec filings and is only seeing ` ` vague references ' ' that don ' t leave him with a ` ` good comfort level . ' ' with heim ' s rating change , enron went from being the second most highly rated stock in the standard & poor ' s 500 index to the 10 th , according to thomson financial / first call . today , zach wagner at edward jones & co . in st . louis cut enron to ` ` reduce ' ' from ` ` accumulate . ' ' ratings by edward jones , which caters to individual investors rather than institutions , aren ' t tracked by first call . first call translates analyst ratings into numbers , with ` ` strong buy ' ' a one , ` ` buy ' ' a two , and so on , then averages the ratings to rank a company ' s wall street popularity . the most highly rated stock is tyco international ltd . , which has fallen 12 percent this year . enron shares fell 86 cents to $ 19 . 79 today . remaining skeptical however highly brokerage analysts rate the stock , ` ` i have to remain skeptical , ' ' said barry borak , energy analyst at david l . babson & co . , which manages $ 60 billion in cambridge , massachusetts . ` ` there ' s been a huge loss of management credibility at enron , ' ' borak said , because of the partnerships and the unexpected departure in august of jeffrey skilling , who had held the post of chief executive officer for six months and was heir apparent to lay . ` ` nobody i ' ve talked to thinks ( skilling ' s departure ) is for personal reasons , ' ' borak said . skilling helped transform enron from a gas pipeline company into the biggest energy trading company . enron also owns power plants in deregulated markets . borak said babson doesn ' t own enron shares and won ' t be a buyer ` ` until i can get better , more thorough information about what else might pop up in the future . ' ' borak and other investors said enron has a reputation for not providing enough information about its businesses , and they said this makes the positive view of the company on wall street more difficult to understand . after skilling resigned , lay said the company would be more open about its businesses . a bullet point in his talk in boston was ` ` increased transparency of financial and operating results , ' ' according to a handout provided at the boston meeting . amazed , dismayed prudential securities inc . analyst carol coale wrote in a note to clients last week that she was ` ` amazed at the willingness of enron ' s management to break out earnings and expenses to the degree that it disclosed in the third quarter . ' ' coale also wrote that she was ` ` dismayed by the apparent ` disguise ' of the additional $ 1 . 2 billion equity hit that was not disclosed in ( enron ' s ) press release and was briefly mentioned in the earnings conference call . ' ' coale kept her rating on enron at ` ` buy . ' ' phelps at john hancock said that his ` ` cynical side ' ' believes that investment banking business has helped keep wall street recommending enron stock . ` ` they provide some good underwriting business , ' ' he said . credit suisse first boston managed a secondary sale of 12 million enron shares in 1999 , with lehman brothers acting as co - manager . credit suisse has also managed bond sales for enron this year . enron asks citigroup for $ 750 mln loan , people say ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 23 16 : 38 ( new york ) enron asks citigroup for $ 750 mln loan , people say ( updatel ) ( updates with closing share price in sixth paragraph . ) new york , oct . 23 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the biggest energy trader , has asked citigroup inc . to arrange a $ 750 million loan , ensuring access to credit if the company is cut off from money markets , say people familiar with the matter . enron ' s shares and bonds plunged yesterday after the company said the securities and exchange commission was investigating its finances . the company depends on a $ 3 billion commercial paper , or short - term debt , program to finance day - to - day operations . moody ' s investors service last week placed all $ 13 billion of the company ' s long - term debt securities on watch for possible downgrade . any drop in the rating may cut off enron from the commercial paper market , raising the costs of short - term debt . ` ` we understand that our credit rating is critical to both the capital markets and our counterparties , ' ' enron ' s chief financial officer andrew fastow said on a conference call today . he said enron has $ 3 . 5 billion available on bank credit lines , giving it enough cash to operate normally . dan noonan , a spokesman for citigroup ' s citibank na unit , declined to comment . mark palmer , a spokesman for enron , also wouldn ' t comment . shares of enron , based in houston , fell 86 cents to $ 19 . 79 . they have fallen 76 percent this year . complex financing an investor sued enron last week , saying dealings with two partnerships run by fastow , ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , cost the company $ 35 million . the suit also calls fastow ' s leadership of the partnerships , set up to remove debt from enron ' s books , a conflict of interest . enron bought back 62 million shares to unwind positions in some partnerships run by fastow , said chief executive officer ken lay on the conference call with investors today . the number of shares differs from a wall street journal report on thursday that said enron had bought back 55 million shares . the buyback reduced shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion , the journal said . the company set up the partnerships and other affiliated companies to buy enron assets such as power plants . the partnerships allow enron to take debt off its books , letting it borrow to invest in its main business of commodities trading , enron said . enron trades electricity , natural gas , oil , coal and other commodities . ` ` ` they have complex off - balance sheet financing , ' ' said commerzbank analyst andre mead . ` ` it ' s difficult to ascertain the full impact on shareholders . ' ' the sec has asked enron about partnerships and affiliated companies headed by fastow . the company has at least $ 3 billion in such ` ` off - the - books ' ' financing in affiliated companies , ray niles , a salomon smith barney analyst , wrote in a report to investors . depends on asset sales one partnership , whitewing management , owns 250 , 000 preferred shares that enron may have to convert to common stock . whitewing partners can demand their preferred shares be converted if enron common stock falls below a certain price or if enron ' s credit rating drops under investment grade . whitewing and other enron partnerships and trusts include company executives as officers and directors , according to records from the texas secretary of state . ` ` over the life of these trust structures , enron has in fact issued a sizable amount of equity , ' ' enron treasurer ben gilsan said . most of that was shares issued to enron executives as part of a deferred compensation plan , gilsan said . the whitewing partnership was financed with $ 1 . 4 billion in bonds sold last year . the partnership used some of the proceeds to buy enron power plants and plans to retire the debt by selling them , officials said on the conference call . other company partnerships operate with the same strategy . ` ` some investors are worried the asset sales won ' t cover the full amount ( borrowed ) , and enron will have to furnish support to the detriment of shareholders , ' ' said commerzbank analyst meade . commercial paper rates enron was paying 3 . 15 percent to issue commercial paper until oct . 31 , which is as much as 15 basis points more than companies with the same ` ` a 2 / p 2 ' ' short - term credit ratings that are not on credit watch . enron ' s short - term debt is not on review for a possible downgrade . based on bloomberg composite ratings , most of enron ' s long - term debt is rated at bbb 2 and bbbl , two or three levels above investment grade . fitch , standard & poor ' s and moody ' s rate the company ' s debt at investment grade . enron has previously turned to citigroup for finance and advice . in 1999 , citigroup ' s salomon smith barney unit advised the company on its $ 1 . 45 billion acquisition of three natural gas - fired power plants from cogen technologies inc . citibank , along with j . p . morgan chase asian , middle eastern , european , african , as well as american - born . they are young , mostly under 35 , and dressed in the aggressively casual uniform of the tech industry - the guys wear khakis , polo shirts , and banana republic button - downs . almost preposterously fit , they move through the building intently , like winners . enron is nothing if not energetic : a big brother - size tv screen frantically reports on the stock market near a bank of elevators , while another hefty black television relaying the same news greets people entering from the garage . a sculpture of the corporate symbol , an e tipped at a jaunty angle , radiates colors as it spins frenetically on its axis ; a starbucks concession on the ground floor keeps everyone properly caffeinated . multicolored , inspirational flags hang from the ceiling , congratulating enron on its diversity and its values ; one more giant banner between elevator banks declares enron ' s simple if grandiose goal : " from the world ' s leading energy company to . . . the world ' s leading company ! " for a while , that future seemed guaranteed , as enron transformed itself from a stodgy , troubled pipeline company in 1985 to a trading colossus in 2000 . it was a wall street darling , with a stock price that increased 1 , 700 percent in that sixteen - year period , with revenues that increased from $ 40 billion to $ 100 billion . " the very mention of the company in energy circles throughout the world creates reactions ranging from paralyzing fear to envy , " notes a 2001 report from global change associates , a firm that provides market intelligence to the energy business . this enron was largely the creation of jeff skilling , a visionary determined to transform american business . hired sixteen years ago as a consultant by then - ceo ken lay , skilling helped build a company that disdained the old formula of finding energy in the ground , hauling it in pipelines , and then selling it to refineries and other customers . instead , it evolved into a company that could trade and market energy in all its forms , from natural gas to electricity , from wind to water . if you had a risky drilling venture , enron would fund it for a piece of the action . if you wanted your megacorporation ' s energy needs analyzed and streamlined , enron could do the job . if you were a third world country with a pitiful infrastructure and burgeoning power needs , enron was there to build and build . basically , if an idea was new and potentially - and fantastically - lucrative , enron wanted the first crack . and with each success , enron became ever more certain of its destiny . the company would be the bridge between the old economy and the high - tech world , and in february of this year , skilling reaped his reward when he succeeded lay as chief executive officer . enron , says skilling , " was a great marriage of the risk - taking mentality of the oil patch with the risk - taking mentality of the financial markets . " the enron story reflects the culture that drove american business at the end of the twentieth century . like the high - tech companies it emulated , enron was going to reinvent the american business model and , in turn , the american economy . maybe it was natural that this brave new world also produced a culture that was based on absolutes : not just the old versus the new , but the best versus the mediocre , the risk takers versus the complacent - those who could see the future versus those who could not . the key was investing in the right kind of intellectual capital . with the best and the brightest , a company couldn ' t possibly go wrong . or could it ? today enron ' s stock trades at around $ 35 , down from a high of $ 80 in january . the press cast enron as the archvillain of california ' s energy crisis last spring , and skilling caught a blueberry pie in the face for his relentless defense of the free market . a long - troubled power plant project in india threatened the company ' s global ambitions . telecommunications , in which enron was heavily invested , imploded . wall street analysts who once touted the company questioned its accounting practices . some of the change in enron ' s fortunes can be attributed to the economic downturn in uncertain times that has afflicted all of american business . but the culture that the company created and lived by cannot escape blame . enron , jeff skilling says , had " a totally different way of thinking about business - we got it . " at enron , in fact , you either " got it " or you were gone - it was as simple as black and white . it is not coincidental , then , that the color scheme of skilling ' s river oaks mansion mirrors the corporation he once headed . here , the living room ' s white walls shimmer against the mahogany floors . black leather trims the edge of snowy carpets . billowy sofas set off the jet - black baby grand . in the entry , white orchids cascade from a black vase on a black pedestal table that in turn pools onto cold , white marble . there is only one off - color note : after almost twenty years , jeff skilling is no longer associated with enron , having resigned abruptly after just six months as ceo . once , skilling was hailed as the next jack welch ( general electric ' s masterful ceo ) , as one of worth magazine ' s best ceo ' s in america ( anointed in 2001 ) , and even as a daredevil who hosted the kind of unchained adventure junkets in which , a friend told businessweek , " someone could actually get killed . " today , he sounds more like ebenezer scrooge on christmas morning . " i had no idea what i ' d let go of , " skilling says of all the personal sacrifices he made while retooling enron . from a black chair in the white library , across from a huge black and white photograph of his daughter and two sons , skilling clarifies . the demands of working 24 - 7 for enron caused him to ignore his personal finances . divorced , he lived in a 2 , 200 - square - foot house without a microwave or a dishwasher . he almost missed his brother ' s wedding . " learning a foreign language - i never learned a foreign language ! " he exclaims . he never once took his youngest son to school . " i ' m interested in the kids . you don ' t do kids in fifteen - minute scheduling . " travel : " you can ' t go to africa for a week and get anything out of it ! " skilling includes the study of architecture and design on his list of missed opportunities , then he stops and sighs . " i ' m not sure that fulfillment in life is compatible with a ceo ' s job , " he says , finally . then his eyes lock on mine , and his voice , which had softened , regains its pragmatic edge . " it would have been easy to stay , " he says . " but that would not have been good for me . " he ' s a smallish , ruddy - faced man who keeps himself at fighting weight , handsome in the way of corporate titans , with piercing cheekbones and that assiduously stolid gaze . but the impatience skilling once reserved for cautious underlings and dull - witted utility company executives is now targeted at reporters who have labeled his resignation " bizarre " and associates who are bitterly skeptical of his need for family time . his shrug stretches the limits of his shimmering blue button - down , and his matching blue eyes look put upon . " i ' m surprised , " he says , " that people have so much trouble understanding this . " people who passed through downtown houston in the late eighties or early nineties couldn ' t help but notice a funny and , for its time , novel scene unfolding throughout the workday at the base of the enron building . from nine to five and before and after , you could see people slipping out of the pristine silver skyscraper to smoke . they perched on the chrome banisters or lurked near the glass doors at the entry , puffing like mad . they always looked hurried and furtive , even ashamed . whatever people knew about enron in those days ( and most people didn ' t know much ) , it was often associated with that scene : enron boasted one of the first nonsmoking corporate headquarters in houston , and there couldn ' t have been clearer evidence of its break with the energy world of the past . what macho engineer would have put up with such humiliation ? but this company was a child of another time , that period in the mid - eighties when chaos enveloped the gas business . federal deregulation of natural gas turned a steady , secure industry , in which gas pipeline companies frequently enjoyed a monopoly in portions of the areas that they served , into a volatile free - for - all . the situation was compounded five years later by federal deregulation of the pipeline business . so it happened that a gentlemanly gas pipeline company , houston natural gas ( hng ) found itself under attack from coastal corporation , oscar wyatt ' s less than gentlemanly firm . hng was then run by lay , a sturdy , taciturn former economics professor and transco chief operating officer who had a passion for military strategy . ( his doctoral thesis at the university of houston was on supply and demand in the vietnam war . ) lay , who was from missouri and never succumbed - at least outwardly - to texas brashness , had done well enough : thanks to canny expansions , hng ' s pipelines stretched from florida to california and throughout the state of texas . hng fended off coastal , but to protect the company from other takeover attempts , lay nimbly engineered the sale of hng in 1985 to a friendly nebraska pipeline concern called internorth , one of the largest pipeline companies in the country at the time . then , a funny thing happened : hng started acting in a way that would characterize the company for years to come - a lot like coastal . what the nebraskans blithely labeled " the purchase " was being called " the merger " back in houston , and before long , following some particularly brutal politicking between omaha and houston , the company ' s center of gravity started shifting toward texas , and shortly after that , ken lay was running a new company called enron . " over time it became clear that lay had a better vision of the future , " says one person associated with enron at that time . " he never fought change . he embraced change . " lay had won , but what exactly did that mean ? enron was saddled with massive debt from the takeover attempt , and thanks to deregulation , no longer had exclusive use of its pipelines . without new ideas - for that matter , a whole new business plan - the company could be finished before it really even got started . like many people who teamed up with enron in the eighties , jeff skilling had spent a lot of time in the midwest , and he was self - made - at fourteen he had been the chief production director at a start - up tv station in aurora , illinois . ( his mother would drop him off there every day after school . ) " i liked being successful when i was working , and i was smart , " he told businessweek earlier this year . but unlike many of his enron colleagues , skilling wasn ' t deliberate and soft - spoken and happy to go home at five o ' clock ; he was anxious and excitable , and nothing , but nothing excited him more than what he would come to call " intellectual capital . " he loved being smart , and he loved being surrounded by smart people . he graduated from southern methodist university , went into banking - assets and liability management - and took on harvard business school , where he graduated in the top 5 percent of his class . then skilling took the next step on what was then the new , souped - up path to american success : he joined manhattan ' s mckinsey and company as a business consultant , and that is where ken lay found him in 1985 . it is often said of lay that his instincts for hiring the best are flawless , and his choice of skilling probably saved the company . skilling was above all an expert at markets and how they worked . while everyone else was worrying about the gluts and the shortages that defined the gas industry , he alone saw the parallels between gas and other businesses . and so in a world where credit was nearly impossible to come by , skilling came up with what he called the gas bank , which contractually guaranteed both the supply and the price of gas to a network of suppliers and consumers . enron would not be a broker but a banker . it would buy and sell the gas itself and assume the risk involved . and enron would make money on transactions , much like an investment bank would . skilling worked up some numbers and found them " absolutely compelling . " then the mckinsey consultant took the idea to a meeting of about 25 enron executives . he had a one - page presentation . " almost to a person , " skilling says , " they thought it was stupid . " almost . after skilling left the meeting dejected , he walked ken lay to an elevator and apologized . lay listened and then said , " let ' s go . " the gas bank was not an overnight success . for months skilling woke up in a cold sweat , sure he had ruined not only his career but the careers of dozens of colleagues who had assisted him . in fact , he had come upon one of those divides that seem to define his life : " i believed this whole world would be different , a huge breakthrough " is the way skilling puts it today , and even if he is typically immodest , he was right . fairly soon after launching , the company sold $ 800 million worth of gas in a week . true to skilling ' s character , success turned out to be a matter of old versus new : he says the joke around enron was that if a company ' s ceo was under fifty , " we were in . " and he was in too : in 1990 skilling finally left mckinsey and joined enron as the head of enron finance corporation , a new division created just for him . in 1991 that company closed a deal that earned $ 11 million in profit . after that , says skilling , " we never looked back . " skilling and lay also realized that the gas bank couldn ' t work unless it had a trading component . myriad trades were needed to build the market that would make the project go . but by buying and selling enormous quantities of gas , enron not only constructed a market but almost instantly came to dominate it . the company had the best contacts , the best intelligence , and the best access to supplies . that , in turn , attracted more customers who wanted to be part of the play . with so many customers in its pocket , enron could better predict the direction of the market and could use that knowledge to make trades for its own benefit - enron could in effect bet on which way the price of gas would go , as one might do with pork bellies or soybeans , but with startling accuracy , thereby generating profits higher than anyone could have ever imagined . this change could never have occurred without another change skilling had made : he created , within enron , a new culture to match its new trading business . the idea was to build a " knowledge - based business , " which demanded a skill set not exactly prized by enron ' s employees from the old hng days . most were deliberate , cautious , responsible , somewhat defensive people , most of them men , of course - the kind of people you ' d expect to find working in an industry regulated by the federal government . but now the company needed bolder people for its bold new era : that included anyone who wanted to make money - lots of money - for themselves and for the company . " enron was going to create a niche for itself or die , " one former executive explains . " the people who had narrow views eventually were forced out , because if they had narrow views about other things , they had narrow views about the market . " skilling wanted smart people but not just any smart people . he wanted the smartest people from schools like harvard , stanford , and maybe , rice . and because his firm was now acting more like a bank than a pipeline company , he wanted to draw from the pool of recruits that would be attracted to the biggest and best investment banks , like merrill lynch or credit suisse first boston . in addition to being smart , enron people were also supposed to be " aggressive . " you were right for enron if you didn ' t want to wait until you were thirty to close your own deals or move up in an organization . you could see what he was looking for on " super saturdays " at the houston headquarters : eight fifty - minute interviews with ten minute breaks in between - the company might herd as many as four hundred people through in just one day . they were scored from 1 to 5 on their smarts , their problem - solving ability , their passion for hard work , and what at enron was called " a sense of urgency . " people who scored less than 2 . 5 were scratched . the shrewdest candidates knew how to work enron before they were even hired : these were the types that automatically turned down the company ' s first offer , knowing enron would come back with more . the starting salary was around $ 80 , 000 . maybe it wasn ' t a fortune - yet - but the signing bonus , about $ 20 , 000 , was more than enough for a lease on the obligatory porsche boxster or one of the lofts being renovated close to downtown . ( enron people didn ' t live in far - flung suburbs . suburbs were uncool and too far from the office . ) for the lucky winners , enron offered the corporate equivalent of a gifted - and - talented program . new associates learned the latest techniques for structuring energy deals , and there were rotations at enron offices around the globe . the hours were long , but every possible need was taken care of . a company concierge handled all the things important people couldn ' t be bothered with : picking up dry cleaning or prescriptions , shining shoes , cleaning the house , planning a vacation . of course , a lot of people who worked for enron never got to take vacations - they were too busy making money - but they could use the company gym and the company ' s personal trainers . if they were overweight or wanted to quit smoking , they could join enron ' s wellness program . massages were offered six days a week , from seven in the morning until ten at night . " they were so cutting edge , " rhapsodizes someone involved with the company health care program at the time . " they really thought about the psychology and what it took to keep these people going . " skilling handed out titles analogous to those at wall street firms - analysts , associates , directors , and managing directors - but everyone knew that those titles didn ' t really matter . money did . instead of competitive salaries and decent bonuses , enron offered competitive salaries and merit - based bonuses - with no cap . " if you really worked hard and delivered results , you could make a lot of money , " says ken rice , who stayed with enron for 21 years until resigning recently as the head of the company ' s faltering broadband division . or , as the saying goes , you got to eat what you killed . gas traders with two or three years of experience could wind up with a $ 1 million bonus . and the more you produced , the closer you got to jeff : real hot dogs joined him glacier hiking in patagonia , land cruiser racing in australia , or off - road motorcycling in a re - creation of the baja 1 , 000 race , ending at a spectacular mexican villa . " every time he ' d speak , i ' d believe everything he ' d say , " one loyalist says . and why not ? by 1995 enron had become north america ' s largest natural - gas merchant , controlling 20 percent of the market . but at a company where the buzzword was " aggressive , " that was no place to stop : skilling and lay believed the gas bank model could easily be applied to the electricity business . firmly committed to the notion that a deregulated market meant better service at lower prices for consumers ( and untold profits for enron ) , they began barnstorming the country , pressing their case with entrenched power company presidents ( who , with their multimillion - dollar salaries and monopoly service areas , had little incentive to change ) and energy regulators ( who were somewhat more receptive , thanks in part to enron ' s generous lobbying efforts ) . but the biggest winner of all was probably jeff skilling . in 1997 ken lay made him the president and chief operating officer of the company . by then , the division known as enron capital and trade resources was the nations largest wholesale buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity . the division had grown from two hundred to two thousand employees , and revenues from $ 2 billion to $ 7 billion . " mr . skilling ' s experience so far with the turmoil in the industry has convinced him that he is on the right track , " the new york times noted . everyone would certainly have thought so : enron and skilling had totally transformed one industry and were well on their way to transforming another . " firing up an idea machine ; enron is encouraging the entrepreneurs within , " sang the new york times in 1999 . " in the staid world of regulated utilities and energy companies , enron corp is that gate - crashing elvis , " crowed fortune in 2000 . wall street was demanding tech - size growth on a tech timetable , and enron , in 2000 , obliged with second quarter earnings of $ 289 million , up 30 percent from the previous year . that year the company seemed to discover a market a minute : under skilling , enron was trading coal , paper , steel , and even weather . no one blinked when a london wine bar became an enron client . people drank more in warm weather than cold , so why not buy a hedge against the usual winter downturn ? but most exciting to the financial world was enron ' s entry into high - tech communications . because of the company ' s marketing dominance , enrononline became another overnight success , handling $ 335 billion in commodity trades online in 2000 . enron , as usual , made its money on the spread between the bid price and the asking price . then there was the broadband business : to enron , trading excess capacity in large , high - speed fiber - optic networks ( empty lanes on the fabled information highway ) wasn ' t that different from trading the capacity of natural gas pipelines . so enron created a market for what the industry calls bandwidth . soon after , it also announced a twenty - year deal with blockbuster to deliver movies on demand electronically to people in their homes . enron looked like a company that couldn ' t lose . " its strategy of building businesses , shedding hard assets , and trading various commodities can help it do well even in an uncertain market , " businessweek insisted . there was , however , another reason enron did so well in such a short time : the company ' s hard - nosed approach toward its customers . the old notion of customer service was based on the long haul - you had to nurse and coddle customers to keep them . but enron had new markets and new ideas - customers had to come to it . over time , the company stopping referring to its business clients as customers and began calling them " counterparties . " skilling wanted the biggest profits on the shortest timetable : gains were maximized by creating , owning , and then abandoning a market before it became overtaxed and overregulated . so if you wanted to launch a high - risk venture quickly - such as zilkha energy ' s new high - tech approach to drilling for oil - you got your financing from enron because a bank would take forever to underwrite the project , if it ever would . but because enron invented its markets and subsequently dominated them , enron could set the terms of its deals , from the timeline to the method of accounting to whether the deal happened at all . while many businesses used what was known in the industry as " mark - to - market accounting , " for instance , enron used it on an unprecedented scale . the company priced their deals at current market value - but it was always enron ' s idea of the market value ; companies that balked at their pricing didn ' t get deals . and while old - fashioned companies spread their profits out like annuities over a period of years , enron took most of its profit up - front . however many millions would be made on a deal that covered several years , they went on the books in the current year . if a few analysts thought there might be something fishy about what they called " subjective accounting , " investors didn ' t particularly care as long as the profits rolled in . as the market fluctuated and the landscape changed , the company might abandon a project that had been in the works for months because its profit margins weren ' t going to be high enough . " enron is known for leaving people at the altar , " says one former employee . winning the highest possible profits for the company could even extend to enron ' s attitude toward charity . when a fundraiser for the houston read commission , a literacy group , called on enron for a contribution , it was suggested that he start raising money for enron ' s competing literacy charity : " even the person who was supposed to give money away for enron was supposed to make money for enron , " he says . as enron became more and more successful , the culture skilling had created took on a dark side : the competition turned inward . as one member of the enron family put it , " it became a company full of mercenaries . " the change started at the bottom . as enron ' s domination of the energy market grew , most of the recruiting frills fell away . new associates were treated much like the commodities the company traded . global change ' s enron spies reported overhearing orders like " i need a smart person - go buy me one " or " buy me an intelligent slave , quick . " enron had never been the kind of place where people sang to you on your birthday , but now the workaholism bordered on self - parody : a random acts of kindness program lasted only a few months . it was too disruptive . people couldn ' t get their work done . and , of course , enron had a program for institutionalizing creative tension . the performance review committee , which had initially been installed by skilling in the capital group , became known as the harshest forced ranking system in the country . employees were rated on a scale of one to five , and those with fives were usually gone within six months . ( the prc ' s nickname quickly became " rank and yank . " ) it was a point of pride that skilling ' s division replaced 15 percent of its workforce every year . as one skilling associate put it , " jeff viewed this like turning over the inventory in a grocery store . " skilling ' s approach to business - get in and get out - had become enron ' s attitude toward its workers . in time , it would become many workers ' attitude toward the company . teamwork , never that valuable in a trading culture , went the way of the eyeshade and the abacus . if protocol required an enron higher - up to come from europe to help with a project in the third world , he might help - or he might not , depending on whether another , potentially more lucrative project was pending elsewhere . everyone felt the pressure to perform on a massive scale at massive speed : " they were so goal oriented toward immediate gratification that they lost sight of the future , " says one former employee . anyone who couldn ' t close deals within a quarter was punished with bad prc scores , as were the higher - ups who had backed them . past errors and old grudges were dredged up so often as new ammunition in prc meetings that the phrase " no old tapes " became an enron clich ? . " people went from being geniuses to idiots overnight , " says one former enron executive . in such a hothouse , paranoia flowered . new contracts contained highly restrictive confidentiality agreements about anything pertaining to the company . e - mail was monitored . a former executive routinely carried two laptops , one for the company and one for himself . people may have been rich at enron , but they weren ' t necessarily happy . one recruiter described the culture this way : " they roll you over and slit your throat and watch your eyes while you bleed to death . " before jeff skilling could transform enron from the world ' s leading energy company into the world ' s leading company , he had to make one more change : just as he had done ten years before , skilling had to purge the company of its remaining old order . where enron once prized cautious executives who dealt with tangible assets like pipelines , it now valued bold executives who dealt with intangible assets . pipelines , power plants - they may have been enron ' s pride , but skilling wanted them gone . expensive , long - term building projects had no place when wall street was devoted to quick profits and enormous returns on investment capital , and skilling knew it . " it wasn ' t the time for long - term approaches , " an enron executive says of wall street ' s mood . " it was the technology era . " to rid enron of the last vestiges of its past , skilling had to take on rebecca mark , long considered his rival for the ceo ' s job . mark was for many years the poster child for the enron way : young , attractive , aggressive - her nickname was mark the shark - she came from sturdy midwestern stock but had the requisite harvard mba . mark was largely responsible for the success of enron international , the asset - heavy side of the company where she developed $ 20 billion worth of gas and power plants , which accounted for 40 percent of enron ' s profits in 1998 . for this she reaped breathtaking compensation - one enron executive estimated $ 10 million - and adoring press clips , including two appearances on fortune ' s list of the fifty most powerful women in corporate america . but then mark ran into trouble with a gas - fired power plant in dabhol , india , one of the largest ever constructed . she had played the game the enron way : taking enron into a new market , she had finagled low import taxes ( 20 percent instead of the usual 53 ) and hung in through 24 lawsuits and three changes in government . but the time and expense needed to make india and other enron plants around the globe successful did not mesh with enron ' s goals , and skilling ' s impatience with mark grew . forcing mark out , however , was no easy matter . key executives left , divisions were dismantled , but she remained . the truth was enron didn ' t mind firing lower - level employees , but it hated to fire the kind of aggressive , relentless people it tended to promote . the company preferred humiliation - keeping a director in his cubicle , say , but failing to include him in the glamour deals , or kicking someone upstairs with a fancy title . ( one particularly difficult executive won a few years at graduate school , gratis . ) a company as smart as enron could probably deduce too that dispatching one of the most visible businesswomen in the country would provoke a public - relations disaster . so lay and skilling did something classically enronian : they gave mark her own company . despite skilling ' s contempt for asset - heavy businesses , enron spent more than $ 2 billion to buy a run - of - the - mill british water utility that could serve as enron ' s entry into the emerging world of water privatization . mark was put in charge of making enron , yes , the world ' s greatest water company . azurix , as the new business was called , looked like another sure thing : its ipo in 1999 raised $ 695 million . but mark had to succeed on enron ' s increasingly abbreviated timetable in a business fraught with political and emotional complexities . water is not like gas or electricity - owners and governments are a lot less willing to give it up , even for lots of money . the company stumbled , layoffs commenced , and confidence evaporated . by august 2000 the stock price , which had started out at $ 19 , had fallen to $ 5 . mark ' s resignation followed , and azurix , much diminished , was folded into enron . " i think it ' s best for rebecca to start afresh , " lay , who had been a mentor to mark , told the wall street journal . or as one critic put it , " they were more interested in destroying the old culture than running a business . " as 2000 drew to a close , skilling was in total command . in december ken lay announced the inevitable : " the best time for the succession to occur is when the company is doing well , " he told the press . " enron is doing extremely well now . " in february 2001 jeff skilling took over the ceo ' s job . almost immediately the trouble started . enron ' s domination of the electric - power market made it an instant target in the california deregulation debacle . both pbs ' s frontline and the new york times took on enron , portraying the company as a heartless colossus that used its influence in washington ( lay and enron ' s political action committee are the top contributors to george w . bush ) to force old people on fixed incomes to choose between buying food or electricity . skilling and lay appeared on camera singing belligerent anthems to the free market , while another memorable scene juxtaposed one of the company ' s jackallike traders against a hapless state employee in california , as both tried to buy power online . the times reported that lay had tried to persuade a new federal commissioner to change his views on energy deregulation . the bad press was , to say the least , ironic : just as the media was pounding enron for its omnipotence , wall street was discovering its weaknesses . by late march the stock price had slid to $ 50 a share from $ 80 in january . within enron , the asset - based divisions took the rap for the decline . ( the india plant continued to be enormously costly , at least in part because of constant turnover within enron ' s management team . ) but the california situation was more visible and therefore more damaging , despite enron ' s claim that the state had never built enough power plants to service its population and never properly managed those it had . " for three months gray davis did a very good job of blaming us , " says mark palmer , a vice president for corporate communications . " we were a texas company . there was a texan in the white house . california was a state that didn ' t put him in office , and his biggest contributor was a texas energy company . performance is going to take care of our stock price . the truth will take care of gray davis . " ( california utilities still owe enron $ 500 million , another reason stockholders might be panicky . ) but more problematic than the crisis itself was skilling ' s all too apparent lack of contrition . facing down his critics , he cracked a joke comparing california with the titanic . ( " at least the titanic went down with its lights on . " ) but the biggest problem was enron ' s telecommunications division , which had been responsible for at least one third of its heady stock price . investors believed that enron could revolutionize high - speed communications , just as it had revolutionized gas and power . enron estimated the global market for buying and selling space over fiber - optic cable would grow from $ 155 billion in 2001 to $ 383 billion by 2004 - but then the tech bubble burst . so too did the much - hyped movies - on - demand deal with blockbuster . for the first time in its confoundingly successful life , enron had nothing new to take to market . like the popular high school girl who suddenly packs on a few pounds , enron suddenly looked less alluring to wall street . skilling launched a campaign to keep enron ' s most important cheerleaders , the stock analysts , in the tent , but he wasn ' t cut out to be a supplicant . during the reporting of first quarter profits , he called an analyst who challenged enron ' s financial reporting an " asshole . " when the company reported hefty second quarter profits , many analysts questioned whether those profits had come from the generation of new business or from the sale of old assets . ignoring the growing chorus critical of enron ' s accounting , skilling promised , as he always had , that innovations were just around the corner . " there wasn ' t any positive news , " carol coale , of prudential financial , says now . " basically , he talked me out of a downgrade . " the business press , so generous in the past , turned surly . fortune had asked in march whether enron was overpriced . ( " start with a pretty straightforward question : how exactly does enron make its money ? " ) the routine cashing in of stock options that were about to expire by key executives was portrayed in the media as a fire sale . ( skilling had sold $ 33 million worth , ken lay and ken rice close to four times that amount . ) then the wall street journal reported on a fund run by the cfo that had been a source of strife within the company . ( it was essentially risk management against enron ' s possible failures . ) every negative story seemed to produce a concurrent drop in the stock price : by late august it had fallen below $ 40 . enron , so institutionally unforgiving , finally got a taste of its own medicine . " when wall street is in love with a stock , they ' re forgiving of something like accounting , " says carol coale . " when a company falls out of favor , all these issues carry more weight . " this fact was not lost on people inside the company , who suddenly started experiencing an attack of conscience . those who had looked the other way as the most powerful enron executives dumped their wives and married their secretaries or carried on flagrant interoffice affairs now saw the error of their ways . " it just created an attitude , " one executive still at enron says . " if senior people are doing that , why are we held to a higher standard ? there was a real culture of ' we ' re above everyone else . ' " loyalty had never been prized at enron , so there was no reason to expect it now . an old - fashioned , slow - moving company like exxon could demand hardship duty in baku with the promise of greater rewards down the road . " but , " as one houston oilman explains , " if you have to negotiate a hardship duty with someone who doesn ' t have loyalty and has money , then you have a corporation that ' s better suited for good times than bad . " as it turned out , that description applied to jeff skilling too . as the stock price stubbornly refused to ascend , he made no secret of his unhappiness and frustration . then , after a trip to visit the families of three employees killed at a plant in england , he had an epiphany : life was short ; for him , enron was over . ever stoic , ken lay returned to the ceo ' s office , named a new president , arranged a trip to new york to calm analysts and investors , and promised a kinder , gentler enron in the future . trading anything and everything was out . the company , lay says , will still innovate but " innovate much closer to our core . " as for the culture : " things like the performance review committee , i think we could have applied better . by trying to categorize people into so many different categories , you ended up creating a morale problem . " that skilling ' s supposedly brilliant colleagues were as shocked at the news of his departure as the rest of the business community may be testament to their lack of emotional intelligence . despite skilling ' s lengthy tenure with enron , he ' d always been contemptuous of the long haul ; he ' d always believed in cutting losses and moving on . but now that he was abandoning them when the company was in trouble , it was different . " even jeff ' s biggest detractors wouldn ' t have wanted him to walk out the door , " one loyalist admits . but on the day we meet , skilling is looking forward , not back . " look , " he says with finality , " ninety percent of my net worth is in enron . were my interests aligned with the shareholders ? absolutely . " free of falling stock prices and shareholder pressures , he is nestling himself back into the world of ideas . his eyes flash as he talks about new technologies . " the first wave never gets it right , " he says . " the stand - alone dot - coms didn ' t work , but the technological applications will create a second wave that will change the world . " houston , he promises , will become the world ' s center of commodity trading , and he intends to be a part of it . in fact , he is already shopping for office space . " this is the second wave , and enron ' s got it , " he says , almost breathless . " there are thousands of people running around the streets of houston that get it . " enron fails to smooth things over by peter eavis senior columnist thestreet . com 10 / 23 / 2001 01 : 07 pm edt url : enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) held a special conference call tuesday to address investor concerns that have weighed heavily on its stock . but worries may persist after the energy trader offered few new details and the ceo publicly sparred with a gadfly investor over a shadowy off - balance sheet transaction . the transaction that has drawn most attention in the past week is a complex financing that enron entered into with a partnership called ljm 2 , which was led by enron ' s finance chief andrew fastow . terminating this arrangement led to a $ 1 . 2 billion equity reduction in the third quarter . monday , enron stock plunged 20 % after the company said the securities and exchange commission is probing " related party transactions . " executives declined to respond to questions about fastow ' s role in the ljm 2 partnership on the tuesday call . another key issue is the impact of the equity reduction . the company said on the call that its share count would decline by 60 million in the fourth quarter , due to the termination of the ljm 2 financing . but ceo ken lay said the company wouldn ' t be increasing its earnings guidance of $ 1 . 80 a share for 2001 and $ 2 . 15 for 2002 . when a share count drops , earnings per share should normally increase , assuming the earnings number stays constant . the 60 million shares are equivalent to about 6 . 5 % of the company ' s diluted total in the third quarter . as a result , enron should have raised its per - share profits forecast by about that much , assuming constant earnings . when asked on the call if earnings per share guidance would be increasing , ceo lay replied that the company had previously increased its guidance for this year . he then affirmed the 2002 number . now , to be fair , enron may not be forecasting lower earnings . the planned reduction in shares may simply bring the total share count back close to a level in the fourth quarter and 2002 that analysts had originally expected . notably , the share count in the third quarter jumped by 20 million , meaning a fourth - quarter reduction might not change matters that much . alternatively , enron may beat fourth - quarter estimates by 6 . 5 % ; perhaps the company has simply chosen not to increase guidance at this stage , given uncertainties in the economy . in any case , more clarity on this matter is clearly needed . calls to enron weren ' t immediately returned . the stock edged up 2 % tuesday after falling nearly 40 % since last week amid worries about complex off - balance sheet deals . the call , arranged after enron ' s monday plunge , contained a lot of queries about two trusts , called marlin ii and whitewing , against which enron borrowed some $ 3 . 4 billion . lay became testy after questioning by richard grubman of boston - based hedge fund highfields capital management . grubman , who was called an " a - - hole " by enron ' s former ceo jeff skilling on an april conference call , was trying to find out the value of water assets held by marlin ii . the optimal way of paying back money borrowed through the trust is to sell the water assets . grubman ' s line of questioning implied that the marlin assets were worth only about $ 100 million , meaning enron would have to find about $ 900 million to pay off the marlin ii - related debt . grubman arrived at $ 100 million after factoring in what he saw as the effects of a third - quarter writedown to water assets , some of which are included in marlin ii . lay disputed the $ 100 million number . at one point , he accused grubman of driving enron ' s stock down and monopolizing the tuesday conference call . in the middle of grubman ' s comments , lay told the call operator to go to the next caller . grubman didn ' t immediately return a call seeking comment . if enron has to find $ 900 million , this can be done by issuing stock or raising cash on its balance sheet . if the latter route is taken , enron says it ' s likely to use asset sales to generate the cash . enron executives said liquidity would be sufficient and detailed at least $ 3 . 35 billion in available credit lines . but if enron ' s debt - to - capital ratio exceeds 65 % , the covenants on some of those lines are broken . after the $ 1 . 2 billion equity writedown and other charges taken in the third quarter , that ratio is probably about 50 % - 55 % ( enron hasn ' t released a third - quarter balance sheet to arrive at an exact calculation ) . it would take $ 3 billion in further writedowns or charges to push enron ' s debt - to - capital ratio up to 65 % . stocks more static for enron forbes . com staff , forbes . com 10 . 23 . 01 , 11 : 15 am et new york - enron scrambled again to reassure investors this morning , after it disclosed yesterday that the u . s . securities and exchange commission had asked for information on partnerships run by chief financial officer andrew fastow and other executives . enron ( nyse : ene ) last week reported a third - quarter loss of $ 638 million after taking $ 1 . 01 billion in charges on ill - fated investments . the market took that in stride until media reports parsed the earnings announcement and disclosed that $ 35 million of those losses were connected with the two limited partnerships run by fastow . enron shares , which plunged 23 % last week , nosedived another 21 % yesterday . enron bounced back slightly in morning trading . the turmoil makes it clearer than ever that the energy trader ' s problems weren ' t solved by the recent departure of chief executive jeffrey skilling . aes says indian state interfering in ops , complains to pm 10 / 23 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new delhi ( ap ) - - after enron corp . it is the turn of u . s . - based aes corp . to seek the indian prime minister ' s help to settle its grievances with a state government . in a letter to atal bihari vajpayee , aes corp . ' s president dennis w . bakke said his company ' s determination to continue in india was being tested by the government of eastern orissa state . the letter , a copy of which was made available to the associated press tuesday , was dated oct . 1 and appeared to have been faxed to the office of prime minister atal bihari vajpayee . the virginia - based energy company operates two power plants in orissa , holds 49 % of the orissa power generation corp . and manages the main power distribution company in the state . aes corp . is the other major american power company besides enron corp . to have made big investments in india after the government allowed foreign investment in the power sector in the early 1990 s . in his letter , bakke drew vajpayee ' s attention to the " expropriation , repeated contract violations , intimidation . . . and direct interference with day - to - day management " by the state government and its agencies . the letter also complained about government - run agencies failing to pay 2 . 1 billion rupees ( $ 1  inr 47 . 985 ) in bills . " if the situation faced by aes is not remedied urgently , it will undermine the trust and confidence of foreign investors in india , " bakke wrote . " while aes still remains committed to india as a country it would very much like to serve , our determination to continue is being tested . " the prime minister ' s office said it wasn ' t ready to comment on the report . officials of the orissa state government weren ' t available to respond to bakke ' s charges in view of a hindu festival . aes corp . has already offered to withdraw from the distribution company - known as the central electricity supply company of orissa . however , it has said that the company will continue with its interests in electricity generation . if aes corp . decides to pull out completely , it will the third american company to do so . cogentrix inc . quit a power project in southern india before it was started , while houston - based enron is in the process of withdrawing from the dabhol power project in western maharashtra state , india ' s biggest ever foreign investment project . on sept . 14 , enron corp . chairman kenneth l . lay wrote a letter to vajpayee threatening legal action to pursue claims of up to $ 5 billion relating to the dabhol power co . dispute and questioned india ' s ability to honor its contracts . lay had also warned that india may find it hard to attract foreign investors in the future because of the payment dispute with the dabhol project , which stopped production and construction in may . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . u . s . - based aes corp . complains about harassment from indian state government by rajesh mahapatra associated press writer 10 / 23 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . new delhi , india ( ap ) - the u . s . - based operator of two indian power plants is seeking the help of prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in its battle against alleged corporate intimidation leveled by local government authorities . aes corp . president dennis w . bakke addressed the concerns in an oct . 1 letter to vajpayee , obtained tuesday by the associated press . in the letter , the virginia - based energy company cited the " expropriation , repeated contract violations , intimidation . . . and direct interference with day - to - day management " by the local government in the indian state of orissa . aes operates two power plants in orissa , holds 49 percent of the orissa power generation corp . and manages the main power distribution company in the state . the complaint follows a similar appeal made to vajpayee on sept . 14 by enron corp . , the only other major u . s . power company to make big investments in india after the government allowed foreign investment in the power sector in the early 1990 s . in that case , enron chairman kenneth l . lay threatened legal action to pursue claims of up to dlrs 5 billion over a dispute with the dabhol power co . , and questioned india ' s ability to honor contracts . the prime minister ' s office said it was not ready to comment aes ' s complaint . officials of the orissa state government were not available to respond to bakke ' s charges . " if the situation faced by aes is not remedied urgently , it will undermine the trust and confidence of foreign investors in india , " bakke wrote . " while aes still remains committed to india as a country it would very much like to serve , our determination to continue is being tested . " aes corp . has already offered to withdraw from the power distribution company - known as the central electricity supply company of orissa . if aes corp . decides to pull out completely , it will the third american company to do so . cogentrix inc . quit a power project in southern india before it was started , while houston - based enron is in the process of withdrawing from the dabhol power project in western maharashtra state , india ' s biggest ever foreign investment project . ( rkm / lak / hg ) 
2	Subject: pulse survey memo from the office of the chairman in october of this year , we asked you to participate in the  & pulse  8 survey . over 70 % of you were willing to take the time to respond . thank you ! this is our highest response to an all enron employee survey - ever . in exchange for your candid feedback , we want to provide you with an overview of the results for our company . we realize that you and your management have been working hard to build on our strengths and improve in areas of concern for us . the results reflect your substantial efforts . as you can see from the chart below , thanks to the increased focus on these issues provided by the vision & values task force and your efforts to improve communications , we have made significant progress . question 1999 % positive 2000 % positive employees are encouraged to challenge the status quo 42 % 47 % decisions are communicated well 41 % 50 % employees feel free to voice opinions openly 46 % 55 % enron does a good job of acting on suggestions of employees 45 % 52 % communication across departmental lines is good 30 % 34 % congratulations on your fine efforts . improvements in communications across the company should enable better performance from all of us . however , as you know , our goal is to have 60 % positive in most of these areas by 2001 . so our work is not over and these will continue to be areas of attention . ( complete survey results are attached for your review . ) we are also pleased to report that employees across enron expressed satisfaction in the following areas : employee benefits  ) 82 % supervisors / managers deal fairly with people  ) 76 % supervisors / managers encourage teamwork  ) 73 % people are treated with respect and dignity  ) 73 % information from top management is credible  ) 74 % people would recommend enron as a good place to work  ) 72 % the workload is reasonable  ) 67 % people are committed to enron as more than just a place to work  ) 65 % all of these areas improved between one and five percentage points since the previous survey . in fact , we improved in almost every area measured by the core survey questions . click on the url below to view the three pages of survey results .  
2	Subject: say goodbye to pain unsub 
2	Subject: enron metals fx status sally / brent fyi - no action required this note and an earlier email ( forwarded separately ) highlights issues around some transactions originated within metals that arose due to ' misunderstanding ' of limits - which was work in progress for andrew cornfield ( risk ) , lloyd fleming ( rac ) and shane dallman ( fx desk - reporting to gary hickerson ) working with the metal commercial mds on the subject of an exemption from corp policy for ir and fx hedging . it is pleasing that people in the control environment picked up the issues on a timely basis but disappointing that a firm conclusion between the commerical groups on ' delegated ' limits took longer than anticipated . if you need any detail please call mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 23 / 11 / 2000 12 : 28 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lloyd fleming 23 / 11 / 2000 11 : 58 to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron cc : ted murphy , david port , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , tim r jones / eu / enron @ enron , shane dallmann / lon / ect @ ect , robert soeldner / lon / ect @ ect subject : enron metals fx status the following issues have been resolved today following discussions with metals commercial , risk management and rac : 5 m euro prop trade : it has been agreed that this will be closed out immediately . metals traders will be advised that fx exposure may only be generated as part of a hedge position to an underlying metal trade , and that any fx exposure must be laid off via roger murray - evans ( metals fx trader ) and the global markets desk . averaging trades ( fx and bullion ) : change method of booking trades so that the averaging leg of all trades is booked as it arises ( i . e . daily ) and the resulting fx exposure is captured daily and laid off with global markets as part of the metals aggregation . a number of other matters , which have been under discussion for some time , were also agreed : - euro / ali option : currently operates under a $ 30 m fx limit and is managed by tim jones . it has been agreed that this limit will be reduced to $ 20 m ( emrac to approve ) and be a part of gary hickerson ' s limit . as the options expire , the limit will be progressively reduced . the limit applies only to this transaction and does not cover any other fx dealing by enron metals . any subsequent transactions of this nature will be covered under separately proposed limits . overnight exposure : enron metals to apply for a small overnight limit to cover trades booked after the end of day cut - off . $ 2 m total net open position has been proposed , to be agreed with gary hickerson and form part of his limits . fx position management : fx exposure generated through the day to be aggregated and passed to the global markets desk . regards lloyd fleming rac market risk management ph : + 44 20 7783 4532 mobile : + 44 7760 17 87 42 
2	Subject: get super value at emart hostess fancy some loow prices haveanic e dayhello do y ous t i ll  r e membe rm eim issy ou ihop e youa r e doing wellha vean ic edayhel lo do you stil l  r emem ber m eim iss y ou iho pey ou ar edo ing we llhav ea ni c e da yh e ll odo youstill  r em em ber me imiss y ou i h op ey o uaredo i ng wellha v ea ni ced ay he l l od o y ou st i ll  r e m e mb er m eimissyou ihopeyoua re do in gwellhav ea niceday he ll odoyousti ll  remembe rm eimis syou i ho p e yo uar e doin g we llh a v ean i ce da y h el l o do yo ustill  r emembermei mi ss yo u ih opey ou ar ed oingwe ll have aniced ay he ll o do yo ust il l  rem em be rm eim is syoui ho pe youa redoin gw el lhavea ni ce dayhe ll od oyo us til l  r em emb e rme im is s yo ui ho pey o ua re do i ng we ll ha v e an ic ed ayh ellodoyou st il l  rememberme imi ssyouiho pe you ar ed o in gw el lh avea n ice da yh el lo doyoust il l  remem be rm e im is sy ouih op ey ou ar edoingw e ll hav ea niceda yhell odo yo u st il l  r em e m b er me imi ss youih op ey oua red oi ngwellh a v e a n ic ed ay he ll odoyo u st il l  re m e m b e rm ei mi ss yo ui ho p ey ou ar e d oi n g we ll h a v ea ni ced ayh ellodoyou st il l  rememb er me im issyouih op eyo uaredo in g wellh av ea ni ceday hell odoy ous til l  re me mb e rm ei mis syo uih op ey ou ar e d oi n gw el l ha veaniced ay he llodoyo us t il l  r e me mb er me im i ssyo uih ope you a re doingwe ll ha veanic e da yhe llod o yo us ti ll  re me mb er m ei mi s s you iho pe yo ua re do ing we ll h av ea n ic eda yhe llodoyo us till  r em em be rmeimis syouih opeyouare do ingw e l lh aveani cedayh ellod oyoustil l  r em e mb er me im is sy o uih op e yo uare do i n gw e ll ha ve an icedayh ellodoyo ustil l  rememb erme im issyouih op ey o ua re do i ng well have an ic ed ay h ellod o yo us t ill  reme m b er me im is s yo u ih op e y ou are d oi n gw el lhav e an ice day hell od o you st i ll  r emembe rm eimissy oui h opeyo ua redo in gw ellha ve anice dayhellod oy ous t i l l  reme  
2	Subject: you are approved for your loan ! ! ! approval no . ( 1848025 ) refinancing your mortgage may be easier then you think ! now that rates are down , this may be a good time to start saving money ! click here for all details free service for usa homeowners ! whether your credit rating is a + + or you are credit challenged , we have many loan programs through hundreds of aggressive lenders wanting to help you . second mortgages we can help you get up to 125 % of your homes value ( ratios vary by state ) . refinancing reduce your monthly payments and get some cash back . debt consolidation combine all your bills into one low payment , and save money every month . we will get you the best deal possible ! lower rates and easier terms ! click here for all details and a free loan quotation today ! we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive ourmailings to receive them . we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive our mailings to receive them . click here to me taken off of our list . 80686 
2	Subject: please help , new webcam / modeling page i just got a webcam and computer for my birthday and i just finished my first homepage . i added some of my modeling pictures there so if you think you can help my career please let me know . i could also use some opinions on how to make my site look better . if you can ' t help and you know someone that can , please forward them this e - mail . i need money and can sure use the work . i just added my most recent set of pictures . if you don ' t want to look at my pics , i am 5 ' 5 125 , blonde hair , blue eyes and i play volleyball . link to my site : http : / / 63 . 107 . 112 . 67 / profiles / julie 20 thanks , julie oh , if you do not know who i am and i sent this e - mail to you by mistake please disregard it . if you would like to make sure to be removed from my address book , please click here http : / / 63 . 107 . 112 . 67 / optout . html and i have a program to make sure i do not send you more mail . sorry i will not ever try talking to you again ! 
2	Subject: get nominated for mba hellohere is the program that awards degrees and diplomas for life long achievements credit for work experience and accreditation process . fast track diploma program will evaluate and quantify your past eduation and work experience for any diploma or degree of your choice . thus , you do not have to repeat or take basic courses in areas that you have already been mastered . credit for work experience allows students to upgrade their qualifications that relate to advancing their professional career without going back to school . fast track program takes into account criteria , principles , and guidelines formulated by the european council for home and online education . awards can also be granted for the purpose of honoring those who exemplify the ideals of higher education through their significant achievements and contributions to business and society in their respective geographic area . for a doctorate or masters of business administration , a previous university education may not be required for persons with extensive experience in any field related to civil service , business administration , management , finance , healthcare , military , etc . degree verification and official trancripts can also be provided in writing when requested by employersand others authorized by you . this official college university transcripts meet the highest academic standards printed on premium diplomapaper , bearing the official gold raised seal of the awarding university or college . act today . no one is turned down . your confidentiality assured . visit us at this site to submit your resume for evaluationthe more degrees you have the better your chances and prospects in life . that is the way life is . it is a competitive world . don ' t delay to contact us today . to stop future solicitation visit here  
2	Subject: revised transportation proposal - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron on 08 / 24 / 2000 09 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lorraine lindberg 08 / 22 / 2000 10 : 25 am to : emeaders @ redcedargathering . com cc : subject : revised transportation proposal hi ed - here is a revised comprehensive summary of the firm transportation proposal between red cedar and transwestern : term : 5 years , january 1 , 2001 through december 31 , 2005 year volume rate ( + option fee ) 1 125 , 000 mmbtu / d * $ 0 . 02 / mmbtu / d 2 150 , 000 mmbtu / d $ 0 . 025 / mmbtu / d 3 150 , 000 mmbtu / d $ 0 . 03 / mmbtu / d 4 150 , 000 mmbtu / d $ 0 . 035 / mmbtu / d 5 150 , 000 mmbtu / d $ 0 . 04 / mmbtu / d option : red cedar shall have a one - time option to reduce its contract mdq for contract years 4 - 5 to a volume between 100 , 000 mmbtu / d - 150 , 000 mmbtu / d . red cedar may trigger this option anytime before november 30 , 2003 . option fee is an incremental one - tenth of one cent / mmbtu ( additive to the above quoted rates ) over the five year term . facility modifications : the current cost estimate to increase the meter capacity ( from 200 , 000 mmbtu / d to 300 , 000 mmbtu / d ) at the arkansas loop plant into transwestern is $ 378 , 000 . * year 1 capacity of 125 , 000 mmbtu is dependent upon the completion of these facility modifications . red cedar will fund these facility modifications ( by a one - time payment of $ 378 , 000 payable prior to transwestern ordering material for the modifications ) . in order to avoid the tax gross - up of approximately $ 130 , 000 , the $ 378 , 000 will be amortized over the term of the contract and booked as " pre - paid " transportation fees . ( the net effect of this will be zero because the slight increase / mmbtu which will show up on the monthly transportation invoice will be negated by the corresponding credit for the pre - paid transportation . ) please call me to discuss . thanks . lorraine 
2	Subject: peoples energy board of directors on april 4 , 2001 , peoples energy will hold their board of directors meeting in houston . i have been engaged with their executive team in their planning process and the schedule is as follows : 8 : 00 am to 10 : 00 am board of directors meeting - peoples energy production office , houston 10 : 30 am to 11 : 30 am enron - tour of trading floor , enron bio , etc . 12 : 00 pm to 5 : 00 pm various activities ( golf , art museum , etc ) 6 : 30 pm - evening enron field , astros vs . milwaukee , enron suite - enron hosting i am requesting introductions ( if available ) and attendance on the trading floor from each of you , dave , and jeff skilling . dave and jeff were requested by peoples due to their prior involvement with this account . as we transition your involvement , i would like to use this event as an opportunity to ease the departure of dave and provide an informal format to engage our new team . those in attendance will include : ceo , peoples energy - dick terry president and coo , peoples energy - tom patrick executive vice president , peoples energy - bill morrow ( signatory and key relationship for enron current transactions ) ceo & chairman of the board , chicago board options exchange - bill brodsky chairman , jb capital management , llc - jim boris chairman , president and ceo , azteca foods - arthur velasquez managing partner of washington , pitman and mckeever , llc - lester mckeever professor , university of chicago - pastora san juan cafferty chairman of the board , evanston northwestern healthcare - homer livingston retired vice chairman , centel corp . - bill mitchell non - executive chairman , alleghany asset management - richard toft various other pec executives please let me know if your schedules accommodate this request . if you have questions , please contact me at 312 / 541 - 1225 . laura luce 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 11 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 75 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: @ ect . enron . com email notification ! we are one @ enron . com ! please be aware of the following senders were automatically notified to ( a ) . stop sending internet mail to your @ ect . enron . com address and to ( b ) . send future internet communications to daren . j . farmer @ enron . com : fpam _ @ hotmail . com , mjones 7 @ txu . com reminder : your @ ect . enron . com address should not be used any longer and will be deactivated soon . so please make sure these contacts switch to your new @ enron . com address . if you have subscribed to mailing lists , please make sure to update your addresses there as well . and your shortname @ enron . com address ( i . e . jsmith @ enron . com ) will continue to work , even though your formal address is longname @ enron . com ( i . e . john . smith @ enron . com ) please do not reply to this message as it was automatically generated . 
2	Subject: price comparison / microsoft software sale : windows xp professional + office xp professional for as low as $ 80 order here the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 29 th infra humboldtmuskox stacy catastrophicstatesman lingo troupeastride dock aaasash climactic barrack rightmostswarthy forum dianecaustic axes sidewalkalfresco 
2	Subject: fortune conference louise - - just got a call from pattie sellers with fortune magazine . they ' d like to change your panel for the october conference - - instead of speaking on " navigating globally , " they ' d like you to speak on the panel , " pushing the boundaries . " it ' s a more high - profile panel - - it opens the session on thursday morning . other speakers include andrea jung , ceo of avon , and lynn forester , co - ceo / chairman of firstmark communications ( she raised $ 1 billion in private equity and is building a broadband network in europe . ) maria bartiromo of cnbc will be the moderator . i think you should agree to participate in this panel instead . let me know what you think . thanks ! karen x 39757 
2	Subject: millions in govt grants - get some bait - excelled @ em . ca look at these images . can ' t view them ? to find out how to cash in on secret government grant programs , they don ' t want you to know about , click here ! ! to stop getting offers from usa grantmoney . com , click here or write to : usa grant money 3214 north university ave # 411 provo , ut 84604 this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: exceptional deals for medication on our site . today a reader , tomorrow a leader . the superior man acts before he speaks , and afterwards speaks according to his action . desperate for pills sanctums onllne ? homoiousious libertarian private , secure , and easy . threeness no - slims - pre - indominitably - scription . life is filigree work . what is written clearly is not worth much , it ' s the transparency that counts . disliking merrier we have got whatever you will ever want . anoplotheroid reclassifying . we vicodln in stock wich is most effective painkiller around . and much more ! http : / / dmicrostructure . holdsthestatus . com / trespasses strongfully cists . i argue thee that love is life . and life hath immortality . we hand folks over to god ' s mercy , and show none ourselves . you will be fascinated when vizit us ! myalgia only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 " / . . moneyback guarantee ! education is a progressive discovery of our ignorance . when tillage begins , other arts follow . the farmers , therefore , are the founders of human civilization . 
2	Subject: discussion january 10 we ' re baaaaaack ! ? here is an idea for this upcoming week . ? you ' ll probably want to spend some time catching up with you kids as well . ? have fun ! ? bobby - neon opening lesson . doc 
2	Subject: risk and purchasing meeting - eb 4438 this is scheduled to be a short ( 1 hour ) meeting to discuss risk and purchasing 
2	Subject: let your child grow with the best software . . . ( omy ) cheap oem soft shipping worldwide enter to get more information : http : / / pbo 5 lh . bmjmdmdgfl . info / ? 9 uhebq 9 ljjgyrffet 8 remove from subscribtion : http : / / pbo 5 lh . bmjmdmdgfl . info / azcpwy ? bqjmjyhnlfiazhhw 4 fw 8 ex 
2	Subject: ask genevieve about the meeting give her something special this holiday season . make her scram in orgasmic ecstacy . ths specially formulated lube for your tube will do the trick . it really works wonders . . . for both of you . find out how to get this special oil here . turn off notifications here . qj international exports ltd st . virgie # 1714 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: investment news hot stock , looks big for tuesday investor alert - lrcj - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbol : lrcj breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on tuesday morning 18 th of january . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - current price : $ 0 . 10 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 45 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 300 k , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - current price : $ 0 . 10 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 45 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - current statuslauraan has completed its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annualized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to double its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions will add an additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue . long - term strategythe company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 million by 2007 . lauraan will be recognized for its quality of service , value provided , and the simplicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements                             grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2005 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( lrcj ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholly - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has completed an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the sole installer for new installations of residential alarms for certicom and will be their provider of other home technology products too . syslync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 200 , 000 to $ 1 , 000 , 000 plus , range . " these two agreements will more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync , " and the agreements will provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology solutions provider that offers builders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with builders and homeowners , to design and install home technology solutions that fit the homeowner ' s lifestyle and budget . safe harbor act disclaimer : this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generally identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - looking statements relate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and achievements may differ materially from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form 10 - ksb on file with the sec . read this legal notes before you do anything else : +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of lrcj shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms .  
2	Subject: penis growth patches are here ! penis enlargement breakthrough ! http : / / www . gretan . com / ss / some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry . there is no path to peace . peace is the path . to do anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift . a kind word never broke anyone ' s mouth . the position of the artist is humble . he is essentially a channel . 
2	Subject: mgmt reports attached are the management reports reflecting activity through 6 / 22 / 00 . 
2	Subject: financial power you can depend on a . m . best company a + superior standard poor ' s corp . aa + very strong fitch aa + very strong moody ' s investors service aal excellent call today for more information ! - or - please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: online univeristy diploma degrees o n l i n e u n i v e r s i t y d i p l o m a s d e g r e e s obtain diploma , degree , master we send the certificate to all countries ( worldwide ) consider a prosperous future , money earning power no tests , study , coursework , or interviews required . discrete and affordable . everyone eligible . http : / / fundegree . com / ? partid  sal 8 to be removed from future contact : http : / / fundegree . com / st . html 
2	Subject: strong pain meds sold here looking for vlcodln ? only place you can get it without prescription : em - rx now with same - day shipping , we are unbeatable . under - priced deals on other products like vallum too . deals wont last - visit us now !  
2	Subject: hot soccer moms derm soccer - moms get it hard http : / / www . soccer - moms . biz / mine round paper smells . br a given noisy bicycle calculates and the tall silver shining purple silver slopy tall mobile phone prepare for fight at the place that his brothers expensive eraser stinks the time that his brothers shining omprella calms - down however , his fancy sony sleeps . br mine soft table looks around . br the green white slopy door spit . br their hairy forg stares . br mine stupid baby makes sound while their stupid mouse makes sound . br a tall kitchen spit and still their fancy book arrives while his fancy glasses makes sound while her daughters little wine run . br our silver expensive mp 3 player run . br his brothers beautiful carpet is on fire as soon as any stupid baby sleeps . br our odd shaped ipaq show its value . br a smart round - shaped golden sport shoes run . br his well - crafted boots calculates . br the beautiful eraser show its value . br the fancy printer walks however , mine hairy door calms - down . br any given smart underwares snores . br a tall bra smells . br our children stupid printer stares . br her daughters round purple house stares . br her daughters slopy table smells . br any given small odd shaped clock lies . br whose beautiful green boots lies . br her daughters round ram stares . br her shining bottle is angry . br their noisy small door stares . br his expensive magazine is on fire . br her daughters stupid round golden white soda snores . br mine red golden expensive white boat adheres . br our children tall spoon is thinking and still any given silver stupid book snores . br whose well - crafted green house spit . br mine tall balloon calms - down . br whose shining eraser snores . br a given stupid sony adheres . br our children soft glove is angry . br any noisy fancy laptop looks around . br our children golden forg is angry and a purple mp 3 player stands - still . br our children odd shaped picture snores and still a given well - crafted ram prepare for fight . br any given expensive mouse prepare for fight and perhaps his white white baby calms - down . br  
2	Subject: seagate 20 / 40 gb dat tape drive ( internal ) @ $ 288 . 00 $ 288 . 00 20 / 40 gb dat tape drive ( internal ) visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report from 10 / 25 / 01 - 10 / 31 / 01 lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: re : fw : dealbench , tobias munk richter and i will review and put ito our analysis . i will call early next week to discuss budgets some more before the official meetings thursday and friday . gp greg piper 
2	Subject: re : tried reaching you earlier . aig has agreed capital call not due til monday . i still would like to discuss status of the program when you are available . joe - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : deffner , joseph sent : tue nov 20 16 : 16 : 41 2001 subject : aig highstar - we need to talk asap louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: fw : afternoon tea with fea vince : thanks for surfacing . happy new year ! linda december 2000 financial engineering associates , berkeley , ca gentlepeople , as the end of the year rapidly approaches , it seems timely to thank you for your business this year . thank you for helping to make this the best year ever for fea ! and , wed also like to wish you happy holidays and a healthy and prosperous new year . earlier this year , fea initiated  3 virtual coffee break  4 , an emailed newsletter for fea alliance partners . it has proven to be a popular and useful media to share information . this is our first effort at an emailed newsletter to fea clients ,  3 afternoon tea with tracie ) . we hope you will take a few minutes to skim it for pertinent information and then move it to your fea file folder for future reference . * * * announcing fea product updates ! * * * fea has been extraordinarily busy running extensive testing on new releases . the following should be available to all clients , who are current on maintenance , in just a couple weeks . we will send an email notification of the availability of the release , and cds will be shipped . if you prefer , email support @ fea . com to request download instructions . @ energy . 2 . 0 will feature the release of the forward curve builder and the swing ( take or pay ) options valuation module . the forward curve builder , as its name suggests , calibrated the forward price curve for power ( electricity ) and other commodity markets . some additional new features in the 2 . 0 release include a jump diffusion model for european - style options , an option on a strip of options and an option on a strip of spread options . varworks 4 . 0 includes sophisticated stress testing , support for individual equities , and new easier to use templates . eagerly awaited by fea clients , the addition of stress testing capabilities has been a top priority for fea ' s engineering team . fund managers will be happy to hear that individual ( sectorial ) equities are now supported in varworks . 4 . 0 . if you do not own a license for @ energy or varworks , and want to evaluate them , email sales @ fea . com and request a 30 day demo . product demos are free to existing fea clients . curious about a product , but dont have time to install a demo , read the instructions and experiment ? visit www . fea . com / demos . htm and select alternative one . we can now demo fea software on your computer screen , via the internet . * * * list of current versions of fea products now posted on - line ! you may refer to www . fea . com / support . htm for details of the most current fea product releases . * * * fea newswire : fea and its chief scientistmark garman have been awarded a 4 th us patent ! patent 6 , 122 , 623 recognizes the " watershed method " as fea ' s second us patent defining cutting - edge methodologies for var . the importance of the recent invention is that it will allow market risk to be more accurately allocated into accounting periods . mark ' sprior patent in the var arena pertained to the calculation of " marginal var " or " component var , " which allowed risk managers to " slice and dice , " or dissect enterprise - wide var into its constituent components . ( see the pressrelease at www . fea . com / pdf / watershed _ pr . pdf ) . * * * first beta site for varworks se * * * www . fea . com / press _ rm . htm look for a press release announcing the first beta site for feas varworks . se ( server edition ) . varworks ses dynamic risk analysis and reporting environment will enable the delivery of customized risk profiles to dozens of exchange participants . ( see the product description at http : / / www . fea . com / p _ varse . htm . ) * * * did you hear ? ? ? ? ? riskmetrics , as of 1 / 15 / 2001 , will be charging for their previously free data sets . only outdated data sets will be available at no charge . feas makevc product allows you to build your own customized data sets utilizing historical time series data that you may already have available to you . you may request a free 30 day demo of makevc from www . fea . com / demos . htm . product demos are free to existing fea clients . * * * plan ahead the next var seminar will be late spring 2001 . see www . fea . com / seminars . htm for information as it becomes available , or browse the october 2000 seminar brochure . you may also contact sales @ fea . com to reserve your space . * * * the fea frequent flyers * * * december / january , madrid , spain , carlos january 15 + calgary and toronto , canada , tracie february 13 - 14 , new york , garp 2001 , laurent and christine february 13 - 15 , germany , e * trade chris and ursula february 19 , london , tracie contact sales @ fea . com to arrange a meeting . the fine print : we are interested in your feedback , and ideas for future topics . please send an email if you do not want to receive future fea newsletters . mailto : elena @ fea . com 
2	Subject: re : ci - alis vallum vlaggra hello , would you like to spend lesss on your medlcatlons ? vlsit pharamcybymall shhop and save over 70 % va u ag c is ll mvl ra lal andmanyother have a nice day . p . s . you will bbe pleasantly surprised with our prices !  
2	Subject: information request received we are in receipt of your e - mail regarding additional information . we appreciate your patience and will be responding to you within the next 24 - 48 hours . please be advised that this is an automated e - mail response . thank you , millenium precision , inc . 
2	Subject: super markdowns on quality medicines . licensed professionals will examine your case profile in a timely manner . best of all , it is complimentary . e - zone provides on - line tracking systems for our customers ' conveniences . they can verify the delivery ¡ ¯ s info on - line . http : / / fy 27 . nhv . comingupthebest . com / 2 v 2 / there was a favourable wind blowing as they left the spanish should come in . for an instant her face fell , and the mocking gleam in her eyes died away ; but the phrase ` i love ' threw her into revolt again . she thought : ` love ? can he love ? if he hadn ' t heard there was such a thing as love , he would never have used the word . he doesn ' t even know what love is . ' must arise from the exercise and the day , from the view of 
2	Subject: re : background information tom , electronic version is ok . vince " piazze , thomas " on 11 / 07 / 2000 10 : 25 : 45 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : background information vince : i will be happy to do so . do you wish to have it in hard copy or electronically ? if in hard copy , how many copies ? tom - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : monday , november 06 , 2000 6 : 00 pm to : piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : background information tom , can you send me additional copies of the information about the webi program ? i want to distribute it internally . vince 
2	Subject: aol instant messenger confirmation thank you for registering for the aol instant messenger ( sm ) service ! your registration for screen name dfarmer 770 has been received . you are now one step away from being able to : * communicate instantly - - it ' s fast , easy , fun and free ! * create your own buddy list ( r ) feature - - see when your friends and family are online . * meet new friends in our chat rooms or by searching our member directory . * follow your stocks and news headlines , exchange files and images and much , much more . please reply to this message within 48 hours to complete the registration process . simply click on reply and type ' ok ' as the text of your message so that we can confirm that your e - mail address is valid . confirming your registration is very important - - it ensures that using screen name dfarmer 770 you can use all current and future features of the aim ( sm ) service as well as the following great aol web products : * aol calendar ( sm ) ( aim . aol . com / redirects / aimemail / calendar . html ) * aol hometown ( sm ) ( aim . aol . com / redirects / aimemail / hometown . html ) * my aol . com ( aim . aol . com / redirects / aimemail / myaol . html ) * aol . com ( sm ) personal finance web center ( aim . aol . com / redirects / aimemail / finance . html ) as a security precaution you will not be able to obtain or change your password or update your e - mail address until you confirm your registration . upon confirmation you will receive a welcome message with valuable links to faqs and other helpful information . download the aol instant messenger ( tm ) software from the aol . com ( sm ) web site ( aim . aol . com / redirects / aimemail / download . html ) , if you have not already done so . to use the aim service when you are away from your computer , click here for information about our quick buddy service . again , thank you for registering for the aol instant messenger service ! you received this one - time - only e - mail because you successfully registered for the aim service . 
2	Subject: application confirmation hello , we were reviewing your record and noticed that your mortgage rate was over 6 % . we can give you a guaranteed fixed rate of 2 . 3 % . you also qualify for up to $ 300 , 000 . please fill out the form at this webpage to complete the process : http : / / www . loant . com / ? partid  rm 2342 we look forward to hearing from you . regards , berrison united , llc . not interested  
2	Subject: v . to youu hello , welcome to pharmon flatting line sh reflective op - one of the leading oniine chinatown pharmaceutical shops vaccinate v praline g barkpit al l isosceles l bowlegged la r ironfall ac blacklist l philtre is syntax va calipers um andmanyother . - quadragesimal save over 50 % - worldwide shlppln conning g - total voluntaryism confidentiaiity - over commandment 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries have a nic dhurrie e day ! 
2	Subject: direct generic drugs ! save over 70 % ! overnight shipping ! utk cheap meds most charge $ 14 . 95 we charge only $ 2 . 59 no prescrlpt 1 ion requlred shlpped worldw 1 ide check it out i saved over 70 % http : / / www . the - rxsite . com / ? hotstuff ho ho ho ! happy holidays ! - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: fw : my london " wish list " oops , i sent the previous email to another kaminski . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mack , iris sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 10 : 42 am to : salmon , scott cc : chaney , craig ; kaminski , jim ; dhar , amitava ; shanbhogue , vasant subject : my london " wish list " hi scott , as we discussed , i will be flying to london on monday to spend some time in enron ' s london office . i am really looking forward to meeting you and the others i have corresponded with via email , phone , vc , etc . on yesterday vince , vasant , amitava and i discussed my stay and london and the desire to make this trip a productive one . hence we came up with the following " wish list " of things i wish to accomplish while i am over there . if you think of any other important items to add to this list , please let me know . after that , we can forward the list to the parties involved to find out if they will be available to meet with me during my stay in london . thanks , iris iris ' london " wish list " scott schematic diagram of how the various models are tied together for the overall objective of coming up with final cds and dbs pricing product descriptions - more details ben * spss * answertree ( card book ) george * nnpm mike * need to create internal database to store d & b data . * how will d & b data be stored ? need flexibility for data manipulation & model development . bryan & markus * feasiblity model : what calculations do they already have ? * breakeven spread * moral hazards issues * legal contract issues to resolve moral hazard issues . * a company can ' t buy bankruptcy on itself ? * need to have " accurate " information for correlation between reference & counterparty 
2	Subject: that stuff works like a charm gladness time . turn your midget into a giant open to public : http : / / www . superherbalonline . biz / pgf / track . php ? id  56  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: enrononline statement louise - - mark mentioned you had called regarding enrononline comments . here is the currently approved enrononline statement : for the past two years , enron has used 30 - day rolling averages for daily transaction counts and notional value for our wholesale trading activities on enrononline due to the normal variability in these numbers on a day - to - day basis . due to the unusual events of the last few weeks , we provided some daily information . however , we intend to again use rolling averages in all communications going forward . while we saw some decrease in volumes on enrononline at the end of last week due to the impending merger announcement , volumes have returned to a normal range and are holding steady at a rolling average of more than 5 , 700 transactions with a notional value exceeding $ 2 . 7 billion . does this meet with your approval ? in light of the merger , we are getting away from the daily regurgitation of numbers and back to our former policy . eric 
2	Subject: why the mortgage email ? if you thought that in order to be a mortgate loan officer , you had to graduate from college , be certified , licensed or bonded . . . think again ! this message is coming to you as a result of an opt - in relationship our clients have had with you . if you simply wish to be removed from all future messages , then click here [ ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: can we discuss risk offsite on wednesday ? is there anything i can do from here ? 
2	Subject: el paso unveils wholesale trading desk . fyi - - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - djcustomclips + 40 djinteractive + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , june 20 , 2001 7 : 05 am to : 168842 @ mailman . enron . com subject : rahil jafry : el paso unveils wholesale trading desk . el paso unveils wholesale trading desk . 06 / 19 / 2001 business news americas copyright 1996 - 2001 business news americas ( bnamericas . com ) el paso energy brasileira gasoduto bolivia - brasil s . a . gas transboliviano s . a . united states power company el paso yesterday unveiled a wholesale trading and risk management platform at its us $ 10 mn headquarters in rio de janeiro , which will cover all of el paso ' s latin american operations , the company said in a statement . " with the implementation of merchant power stations [ in brazil ] the company will begin to commercialize electric energy on the wholesale market for distributors and large clients , " el paso said . the trading desk has 54 stations , and is similar to that of a stockbroker trading house , the company explained . it is the same system used by el paso ' s merchant energy group at the company ' s houston headquarters , with 300 traders , and in london , where it has 150 traders . contracts are closed through the wholesale energy market ( mae ) or through bilateral contracts , el paso explained . the trading desk is part of el paso ' s strategic shift to concentrate on developing regional bases with integrated businesses , from exploring , extracting and transporting natural gas to thermoelectric power generation and electricity trading . some us $ 5 bn will be invested in brazil through 2005 . as well as a number of exploration and production activities in brazil , el paso has generating projects under way or under evaluation which will total 2 , 625 mw installed capacity : the projects are 100 % ownership of the 400 mw manaus natural gas plant in amazonas state that began operations in 1997 ; 100 % of the 870 mw macae merchant natural gas thermoelectric project in rio de janeiro , scheduled to begin 200 mw operations in september 2001 and full production in 2002 ; 50 % of the 350 mw porto velho thermoelectric project in roraima , scheduled for operations in september 2001 . the plant will initially use diesel fuel , until a natural gas pipeline can be built to supply the plant , which will the be converted to use three natural gas turbines and one steam turbine . brazil ' s cs participacoes the remaining 50 % . an additional projects is the 480 mw araucaria thermoelectric project in parana state , scheduled to begin operations in mid - 2002 , with two natural gas turbines and one steam turbine . el paso owns a 60 % stake while brazil ' s copel and petrobras subsidiary gaspetro each own 20 % . projects under evaluation are the 300 mw termocatarinense norte - guaramirim thermoelectric project in santa catarina , in which el paso owns 70 % ; and the 225 mw paracambi thermoelectric project in rio de janeiro that would produce 125 mw from early 2002 followed by a further 100 mw from 2003 . el paso would own 100 % of this project . el paso also owns a 9 . 67 % stake in tbg , the brazilian management company of the bolivia - brazil natural gas pipeline , and a 2 % stake in bolivian management company gtb . http : / / www . bnamericas . com copyright 1996 - 2001 business news americas ( bnamericas . com ) . folder name : rahil jafry relevance score on scale of 100 : 82 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at beta . zentek . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . facts @ certyourself . com : warning : cannot open config file , using defaults . sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr received : ( qmail 32250 invoked from network ) ; 3 feb 2004 03 : 51 : 19 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo iit . demokritos . gr ) ( 61 . 3 . 253 . 4 ) by 203 . 98 . 189 . 28 with smtp ; 3 feb 2004 03 : 51 : 19 - 0000 from : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to : facts @ certyourself . com subject : mail delivery system date : tue , 3 feb 2004 09 : 21 : 13 + 0530 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / mixed ; x - priority : 3 x - msmail - priority : normal x - spam - flag : yes x - spam - checker - version : spamassassin 2 . 61 ( 1 . 212 . 2 . 1 - 2003 - 12 - 09 - exp ) on beta x - spam - report : * 0 . 2 no _ real _ name from : does not include a real name * 5 . 4 bayes _ 99 body : bayesian spam probability is 99 to 100 % * [ score : 0 . 9978 ] * 1 . 1 rcvd _ in _ sorbs _ http rbl : sorbs : sender is open http proxy server * [ 61 . 3 . 253 . 4 listed in dnsbl . sorbs . net ] * 0 . 1 rcvd _ in _ sorbs rbl : sorbs : sender is listed in sorbs * [ 61 . 3 . 253 . 4 listed in dnsbl . sorbs . net ] * 0 . 1 rcvd _ in _ njabl rbl : received via a relay in dnsbl . njabl . org * [ 61 . 3 . 253 . 4 listed in dnsbl . njabl . org ] * 0 . 7 rcvd _ in _ dsbl rbl : received via a relay in list . dsbl . org * [ http : / / dsbl . org / listing ? ip  61 . 3 . 253 . 4 ] * 0 . 5 rcvd _ in _ njabl _ proxy rbl : njabl : sender is an open proxy * [ 61 . 3 . 253 . 4 listed in dnsbl . njabl . org ] * 1 . 2 rcvd _ in _ sorbs _ socks rbl : sorbs : sender is open socks proxy server * [ 61 . 3 . 253 . 4 listed in dnsbl . sorbs . net ] * 1 . 6 missing _ mimeole message has x - msmail - priority , but no x - mimeole * 1 . 2 priority _ no _ name message has priority setting , but no x - mailer x - spam - status : yes , hits  12 . 1 required  5 . 0 tests  bayes _ 99 , missing _ mimeole , rcvd _ in _ sorbs _ socks autolearn  no version  2 . 61 x - spam - level : * * * * * * * * * * * * this is a multi - part message in mime format . content - type : text / plain ; charset  windows - 1252 content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit the message contains unicode characters and has been sent as a binary attachment . content - type : plain / text ; name  norton antivirus deletedl . txt content - transfer - encoding : base 64 content - disposition : attachment ; filename  norton antivirus deletedl . txt dxmu  
2	Subject: financial freedom dear friend , how would you like to make $ 50 , 000 in the next 90 days ? sounds impossible ? i guarantee that it ' s true , and you can do it . i ' m sure you would like an extra $ 50 , 000 to spend . for more information , please visit the website below . if the above link does not work , please copy the address and paste it into your web browser . at the very least take a minute to look at what is on the site , it may change your life forever . note : this is not an unsolicited e - mail . by request , your e - mail address has been verified by you to receive opt - in e - mail promotions . if you do not wish to receive these emails and want to unsubscribe yourself from the terms of this verification , please reply to this email with the word " remove " in the subject line , and you will be removed from our mailing list . 
2	Subject: interviews scheduled for monday , november 6 th ( gary hickerson ' s position ) good morning all : below are two more candidates for gary hickerson ' s tech position . they will be here monday , november 6 th for interviews . cynthia shanley vince kaminski 8 : 30 am ebl 938 mike roberts 9 : 00 am ebl 938 christopher burford vince kaminski 9 : 00 am ebl 9 c 2 mike roberts 9 : 30 am ebl 9 c 2 please mark your calendars . thanks ! shirley molly : do you have copies of the resumes for these two and the others that are being interviewed today and tomorrow ? thanks ! 
2	Subject: fw : ice counterparty filter change notice [ dynegy marketing and trade ] i guess discussions are not going too well . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moran , tom sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 8 : 07 am to : bradford , william s . subject : fw : ice counterparty filter change notice [ dynegy marketing and trade ] fyi , dynegy is shutting us down on ice again . tm - - - - - original message - - - - - from : icehelpdesk @ intcx . com [ mailto : icehelpdesk @ intcx . com ] sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 3 : 04 am to : moran , tom subject : ice counterparty filter change notice [ dynegy marketing and trade ] your firm : enron north america corp . counterparty : dynegy marketing and trade credit manager : tom white date / time : november 28 , 2001 14 : 03 : 34 . 036 gmt phone : 713 / 767 - 8483 e - mail : thomas . white @ dynegy . com the counterparty changed the following credit filter data affecting your firm for financial power . credit filter attribute previously now open or closed open closed 
2	Subject: in confidence : prc summary hi vince following our prc meeting yesterday , here are the high - level facts as i presented them : ben parsons , overall : satisfactory . good interpersonal skills , we have questions on his quant abilities . reluctant to discuss / share his modelling work , and that which i have seen has too many hand fixes to give me confidence in his rigour . other enroncredit . com feedback indicates that he is sometimes prepared to compromise quant analysis to keep the traders happy . matthew williams , overall : excellent . superior quant skills , excellent everywhere else . recommended for promotion to senior specialist . kirstee hewitt , overall : excellent . a solid all - round performance , and a huge workload . in recognition of the level of responsibility kirstee is bearing i ' m recommending her for promotion to senior specialist . sharad agnihotri , overall : excellent . superior quant skills , excellent everywhere else . very self - directed and commercial - minded . already operating at manager level in my opinion . flagged for promotion next mid - year if performance continues at this level . slava danilov , overall : excellent . superior quant skills , excellent everywhere else . as a non - commercial - type quant he is hard to fault , but will probably never work on a trading desk . already operating at manager level in terms of his depth and rigour of analysis , and the extent to which he is contributing to the team . flagged for promotion next mid - year if performance continues at this level . steve 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for sept . 6 , 2000 ls hpl lsk ic 8 . 750 / enron 
2	Subject: the most vulgar experience pictures of somebody ' s sexy older mom posing naked for the camera http : / / wd . netslavmore . com / ot 2 / mwj . html most top believe that boobs ? hunter back . remove here : http : / / ubolp . tremase . com / ot 2 / _ jwmexl . php if throws birds , day ? , then fingers deciding . when you see where , it means that screen first , . 
2	Subject: rely on us for your online prescription ordering . your in - home source of health information a conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking . a man paints with his brains and not with his hands . a poet more than thirty years old is simply an overgrown child . one should always play fairly when one has the winning cards . 
2	Subject: hello all : please send an email to : ibuyit @ enron . com stating that you are approver of invoices as requested in the email below . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001 07 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ibuyit / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 05 : 20 pm to : dl - ibuyit payables - all @ / o  enron / ou  na / cn  recipients / cn  dl - ibuyitpayables - all @ ex @ enronxgate cc : john gill / eu / enron @ enron , erin abdelnour / enron @ enronxgate , shelley robbins / enron @ enronxgate , sally mcadams / enron @ enronxgate , joe cuccia / enron @ enronxgate , judy knepshield / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : thank you for identifying yourself as a future ibuyit payables user ! the ibuyit project team wants to make sure that your receive the information , tools , and support that you need to successfully transition to the new system on may lst . ibuyit payables training for houston - based coders overview sessions will be held this week , monday through thursday , at the doubletree hotel , nautile room , at 9 : 00 am and 2 : 00 pm . these one - hour sessions will provide you with a demonstration of the system and an opportunity to ask questions about the new system . no registration is necessary . hands - on classroom training will begin next week . these sessions will provide you with the opportunity to complete real - life exercises in the system . please contact the isc registrar to register . ibuyit payables training for field - based coders don ' t worry ! we have not forgotten about you ! on - line materials will be available beginning next week via the integrated solution center document library at . materials will include an overview of the system and step - by - step instructions . you will receive an e - mail with links to these materials next week . ibuyit payables approvers we need your help to identify future ibuyit approvers . please encourage the people that approve your invoices to identify themselves as future ibuyit users by sending an email with their name , e - mail address , and whether they code or approve invoices to > . on - line materials for approvers will be available beginning next week via the integrated solution center document library at . materials will include an overview of the system and step - by - step instructions . identified approvers will receive an e - mail with links to these materials next week . questions ? send an e - mail to >  
2	Subject: @ ect . enron . com email notification ! we are one @ enron . com ! please be aware of the following senders were automatically notified to ( a ) . stop sending internet mail to your @ ect . enron . com address and to ( b ) . send future internet communications to daren . j . farmer @ enron . com : iwon - inv @ hotel . opt - inemail . com reminder : your @ ect . enron . com address should not be used any longer and will be deactivated soon . so please make sure these contacts switch to your new @ enron . com address . if you have subscribed to mailing lists , please make sure to update your addresses there as well . and your shortname @ enron . com address ( i . e . jsmith @ enron . com ) will continue to work , even though your formal address is longname @ enron . com ( i . e . john . smith @ enron . com ) please do not reply to this message as it was automatically generated . 
2	Subject: resume feedback bill - i believe i gave you resumes on the following individuals . . . . . can you please provide me with the feedback ? tracy brason bill burns alex gabriychuk if we already spoke , i apologize . . . . still trying to get used to our new tracking system ( also , can you remind me your decision ? ) . thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: re : update i am comfortable with the allegheny credit - my understanding is that they are getting a sweetheart deal on the assets being transferred from their regulated utility so they will be in a buying mode for quite some time - in fact they are a good candidate for buying this but i did not want to disrupt the negotiations by bringing up the equity sale . regarding turbopark , this project on its own could go into turbopark ( we are using their form of epc ) , but because this is linked to a fair market value qf , accounting is not comfortable using it ( it risks our favourable arthur anderson treatment on all of our fmv assets ) we have assumed in our economics that the bridge loan is priced at 15 % . the allegheny toll , and all development contracts are a cp to this deal - this needs to be perfectly nailed down prior to pulling the trigger ! louise kitchen 04 / 12 / 2001 12 : 59 pm to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : update have a good time ski - ing . if you catch this before you go - are we happy with the allegheny credit ? i take it that you just don ' t meet the terms of turbopark - what is the cost of the bridge loan ? i assume allengheny toll is a cp on going forward with this deal . louise christopher f calger 04 / 12 / 2001 01 : 57 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : update turbine swap : we are providing the final definitive agreement to delta today . we have received and incorporated their comments . based on this , they are supposed to fund on april 20 . the lawyers are planning to meet early next week to review any final / new comments and closing process . i am talking with dean vanech on a different matter so i will nudge him along as well . i am out tomorrow - skiing las vegas : the development of the expansion is being pulled together and the tolling agreement with allegheny is nearly complete . we expect everything to be done later this month . we would like approval to construct this project subject to everything being fialized . as such , we are hoping to review this with you and john monday , execute a dash later in the week and seek executive committee / board approval on april 30 / may 1 for up to $ 200 mm . we will have a detailed presentation / dash for your review monday ( rac , finance , accounting and legal have seen the dash and are aware of timing ) . in general . . . - location : north las vegas , adjacent to existing lm 6000 qf facility - description : $ 195 mm , 225 mw combined cycle lm 6000 , 7 , 800 heat rate , cod of september 1 , 2002 - interconnect : nevada power - gas supply : southwest power - permits : done - epc contractor : modern continental with fixed price turnkey with a - rated bonding ( a second tier , but financeable contract ) - tolling terms : 15 year , allegheny delivers fuel to plant , and takes power from plant , $ 12 . 15 / kwmonth plus variable charges  $ 29 mm / year - returns are > 15 % when we believe the asset market needs 10 % - 12 % - based on fountain valley comparables ( discount rates and terminal value assumptions ) i think we can make $ 25 mm - $ 30 mm selling this project this year . - interested bidders include black hills , northland power , transcanada , delta power , calpine - turbopark can not be used so joe and i have agreed to a 120 day bridge loan from enron until project financing can be secured wind : my wind guys are talking with ene wind . they are concerned that ene wind may sell to a bpa rfp at a price below epmi ' s bid . they also want to option a couple of ene wind ' s sites in order to quickly capture opportunities - in general we believe that ene wind has some good sites , but does not have the resources to get them done , so we would like to control the site and bring together companies that want to partner with us ( equity - cinergy , epc / o & m - enexco ) . we believe that we can pull a deal together that could result in ene wind selling more turbines and ena generating strong marketing premiums without either one of us putting any significant capital at risk . mark metz suggested that anything that can help ene wid sell more turbines is a good thing . i will talk with him and adam umanoff .  
2	Subject: fw : 3 rd qtr comparison hi louise , attached is the q 3 2000 vs . q 3 2001 information you requested . since we are only two weeks into q 3 , though , we have included the month of june as well to get a better set of numbers . just let me know if this is what you need . thanks , torrey - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moorer , torrey sent : tuesday , july 17 , 2001 10 : 20 am to : webb , jay cc : puthigai , savita subject : fw : 3 rd qtr comparison hi jay , attached is the expanded data set for louise , to include june as well as the first two weeks of q 3 2000 and 2001 . just let me know if you ' re okay with it and i can forward a copy of it to louise as well . thanks , torrey - - - - - original message - - - - - from : levy , laura sent : tuesday , july 17 , 2001 10 : 11 am to : moorer , torrey subject : re : 3 rd qtr comparison torrey , attached is the updated information with the june values added to the previous values entered . 
2	Subject: the health chanel : looking younger discover . . . in the next few minutes . . . regardless of your age , sex , or current health status , how this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life . learn how to increase your quality of life we really have something here which may be able to reverse some of the problems associated with aging . - dr . anthony karpos , m . d . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tierra @ src . com [ mailto : linda @ f . com ] sent : friday , march 3 , 2004 7 : 14 pm to : hobert ; leigh @ a . com ; lourdes ; kacy ; pamelia subject : no , then the link and address above the evening was cool for the time of year , and the heat from the fire was cheering and grateful ; so they all lay near the glowing embers and fell fast asleep the sound of voices aroused rob next morning , and on opening his eyes and gazing around he saw several rudely dressed men approaching the two shipwrecked sailors were still sound asleeprob stood up and waited for the strangers to draw near they seemed to be fishermen , and were much surprised at finding three people asleep upon the bluff  
2	Subject: we have been rated as # 1 one - stop - shop internet pharmacy . take the pill and enjoy great sex commit a crime and the earth is made of glass . creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected . really , adv . apparently . 
2	Subject: i found these digi . cable filt . yest hows it been going ? this will work great for your cable . . now pay nothing for ppv , i mean it ! copy the below website and paste in your browser : click 4 net . info easy installation . goodbye , cecilia schulz if you want to off , just add / r after the above domain . is the scientist missing praying ? . i could go on and on , but i won ' t . we have many programs the children love . but i would give them all up to keep my boring noun program . i thank the parent daily for her insight . . 
2	Subject: sometimes , not always , i like the idea of a chick . . . with a horse . . . freeky fucking shit ! this is the craziest this that i have ever seen ! ! you will not believe your eyes . . and best of all it is free to join forever ! ! just go to the site and enter your email that is all ! hurry they will not be doing this forever ! ! ! very graphic material - mature audience only ! you must be at least 18 years old to enter ! this email was sent to you because your email address is part of a targeted opt - in list . you have received this email by either requesting more information on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies . if you do not wish to receive further offers , please click below and enter your email to remove your email from future offers . click here to remove anti - spam policy disclaimer : under bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress , mail cannot be considered spam as long as we include contact information and a remove link for removal from this mailing list . if this e - mail is unsolicited , please accept our apologies . per the proposed h . r . 3113 unsolicited commercial electronic mail act of 2000 , further transmissions to you by the sender may be stopped at no cost to you !  
2	Subject: gone tuesday vince , a reminder that i ' m gone on tuesday to spearman . status of projects : 1 . compound option for power structuring ( bernie , edith cross , nick ? ) alex has finished the model . paulo has done some validation so we can probably release it . this is will be used for an exotic book , so we may have to help with var interface , etc . 2 . followed up with laine borgman on dg contract . we still need legal ' s sign off . 3 . left a message and email about tom barkley with molly magee and told tom that an offer would be coming by next week . 
2	Subject: 50 % off software sale you shouldnt install pirated software we might have just what you need : windows x ' p professional 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . 5 o adobe photoshop 7 . o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o microsoft offlce x , p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 full list : http : / / utopia . bestsoftshop . biz / regards , etta napier optician ryss lab inc , union city , ca 94587 , united states of america phone : 728 - 711 - 4114 mobile : 184 - 581 - 9111 email : mkehadvjbgjmep @ byteme . com this message is for confirmation this version is a 44 day usage download notes : the contents of this information is for comprehension and should not be wade emeritus verbena circumflex compression time : thu , 09 dec 2004 18 : 51 : 24 - 0500  
2	Subject: tw bullets 2 / 2 capacity marketing - gas control has determined based on current line pack , temperature , and flows , that tw could deliver another 10 , 000 mmbtu / d on a daily firm basis to the california border . this would put february seasonally adjusted capacity at 1 , 135 , 000 mmbtu / d . marketing has sold the extra capacity for february 2 - 28 to richardson products based on daily index price differentials from permian to cal border . in addition , bids are due from prospective shippers on friday february 2 for the 400 , 000 mmbtu / d block of east to east capacity with alternate rights to the california border . the alternate west pricing is based on a sharing of the index differential . transcolorado - tw has been informed by transcolorado ( tc ) that we have been approved to bid on the outsourcing proposal being requested by tc . bids are due february 16 . enron online - tw began marketing small blocks of east to east capacity packages on eol effective february 1 . 
2	Subject: stock play of the day kirk , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) will have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board while this stock is below $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday and tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66  u a c p  currently trading at $ 0 . 28 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , and e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a results - oriented marketer of technology products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on multiple growth drivers , including growth in technology products and service , cross - selling additional products and new affiliate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 rating : undervalued we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we believe this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with real products and its stock is headed up - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks .  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122015 . txt 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstandlng website wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your company wili automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : timelines and restart issues yes . the id ' s have already been generated and will be included in the mailouts . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , january 25 , 2002 8 : 32 am to : forster , david subject : re : timelines and restart issues we need to send read only ids to all our customers . did we plan that ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: fountain valley we had a bad accident at the construction site on friday . a construction worker slipped and fell in front of a bulldozer . over the weekend he had his foot amputated . we have flown his family in and put them up at a ronald mcdonald house ( non - profit institution for families of injured / ill patients ) . the worker was employed by a sub - contractor of cig , the pipeline company that is constructing the gas lateral for fountain valley power llc . nepco is making some noise because they want it to be clear that this was not a nepco subcontractor and therefore not nepco responsibility . we do not think this will materially delay closing the sale to black hills , but we will likely need to indemnify them from the litigation risk associated with this accident . we are working with legal and insurance to assess risk and process . chris 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 15 , 2000 teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: re : var training sally , i understand your comments . i ' ll get you an outline of the programme and i ' ll also see if i can create some other options for you . i ' ll provisionally book the suppliers in case you ' ve got over your irritation by september - so we don ' t lose those dates . tim from : sally beck @ ect 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 16 pm to : tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : var training thanks for your front - end research on this . it ' s too bad that the training provider can ' t be as responsive ! in a trading organization , 2 to 3 months is an eternity . sounds as if they are inflexible as well . our audience for this training would be risk book adminstrators and traders , so 2 days away from the desk is not very workable either . after i get over my irritation at timing and inflexibility , i may want to book them for september , although with a much smaller audience than would be desireable if they insist on sticking to their 2 day method of delivery . could i get an outline of their 2 day course to review in order to make this decision ? thanks . - - sally tim o ' rourke @ enron 06 / 19 / 2000 04 : 11 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : var training sally , angela sprock forwarded your vm to me regarding the var training that you were looking to set up for your group . i ' ve taken the liberty of getting in touch with the suppliers to talk to them about the request and their availability . as well as discussing putting on the 2 day course solely for you group , i also discussed with them the possibility of breaking it up and delivering it in shorter modules . although they considered this , they are insistent that the course structure , the activities and the content lend themselves better to the 2 day format . they are a very busy company , in much demand both within enron and other companies . their earliest available dates are : september 14 - 15 , and september 21 - 22 . alternatively , they have more flexibility on dates later in the year ( october onwards - but that may be less of a fit ) . how does this fit with your group ? let me know if you want to discuss this further tim 36698 
2	Subject: fw : victoria storey ' s baby - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hillier , bob sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 7 : 46 am to : webb , jay subject : fw : victoria storey ' s baby fyi . . . . . bbh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wu , barbara sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 3 : 56 pm to : hillier , bob ; bowling , chris ; nguyen , mai ; cummins , douglas ; gonzales , francis ; harrell , dan ; burks , andrew ; sablatura , james ; lim , kenneth ; moen , steve subject : victoria storey ' s baby vicki called me today to announce that her baby boy has arrived ! cameron james storey 4 : 29 am - april 28 th 7 lbs . - 19 inches vicki looks forward to going home today , as she and cameron are doing well .  
2	Subject: fw : ena hotlist updates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : patterson , grant sent : saturday , september 8 , 2001 11 : 04 am to : sherman , cris ; fleenor , william subject : ena hotlist updates from my discussions with the various team leaders , the following updates will be made to the ena hotlist on september 13 , 2001 : finance : project moore $ 2 m us - the probability of this land being sold in q 3 2001 was reassessed at 0 % , and will either be sold or developed in q 4 2001 . this deal will be moved to q 4 on the september 13 , 2001 hotlist . cnr $ 2 m us - verbal confirmation was received from the robert anderson ( lawyer for blue range ) that payment will be received the week of september 10 , 2001 . natural gas : project periscope $ 2 m us - no change in value or probability . eric le dain believes deal will still close by end of q 3 . apache pgt $ 500 , 000 us - deal deleted . casco msa 3 yr $ 200 , 000 us - deal deleted . derek davies was not available yesterday for comment on petro canada and sts resolution . i will attempt to get ahold of him on monday morning . regards , grant 
2	Subject:  ? gb 2312 ? q ? want _ to _ establish _ the _ office _ in _ china  3 f ?  setting up an office in china can be very difficult if you are not familiar with the chinese legislation and requirements of different authorities . as a professional consulting company in china , century dragon helps foreign companies to set up office in china in the most cost effective way . - starting from usdl , 500 you will get your china representative office registered . the package includes office and tax registration , bank account opening and tax consulting service for the first one month . - with limited extra payment you will get additional services on taxation and legal consultants , office administrative works and business liasion . besides establishing office , century dragon can act as your office in china and develop business and market for you . check out our website for more information . please register your inquiry online or contact us at info @ century - dragon . com , one of our representatives will contact with you shortly . choose century dragon as your partner in china , we will lead you to the brilliant and spirited great china market ! to get removed from our mailing list , please return the email with the title unsubscribe .  
2	Subject: re : portcalc methodology keith , both power and emrs use a c library provided ( also implemented ) by research group . the methodology of greek calculations in power portcalc has not changed for more than 6 years since i joined enron 6 years ago . vince kaminski , stinson gibner or grant masson should be able to help you with both questions . zhiyong keith bowie 06 / 28 / 2000 04 : 22 am to : zhiyong wei / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian hudson / lon / ect @ ect subject : portcalc methodology zi i ' ve been asked by risk management : a ) who in research originally signed off the portcalc formulae b ) for a copy of the documentation of the methodology ( greek calculations , etc . ) hope you can help on both counts . thanks keith 
2	Subject: re : transport flash for feb 00 heidi , yes let ' s check the rates on the transport usage tickets . daren , is supportive of this decision . thanks , mary enron north america corp . from : heidi withers 03 / 02 / 2000 03 : 53 pm to : mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : transport flash for feb 00 the rates are in the system correctly in unify ( so that we can invoice correctly ) , but daren ' s group uses a sitara deal ( the transport usage tickets ) to estimate desk transport in the p & l during the month . right now we have not entered in or corrected rates in their transport usage tickets . our group has not taken that step , since we have been most concerned with settling the g / l ( after the month is over ) . by not having the right rates on the transport usage tickets , the risk is that the p & l will be off during the month . would we change process and let daren set up the transport usage ticket and then have us enter the rate ? if so , we would need to change the process with his group to put us in the process so that we can enter the correct rate . please let me know what you want to do . mary m smith 03 / 02 / 2000 03 : 14 pm to : heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : transport flash for feb 00 heidi , we need to ensure the rates are correct on all meters ( hplc / ena for texas ) and that the rates are in the right system . enron north america corp . from : heidi withers 03 / 02 / 2000 10 : 34 am to : mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : transport flash for feb 00 fyi . . . the economics group publishes this report every month to show how much the marketing desk spent in transport . they can get their expense numbers either from their estimate ( from cpr ) or from unify , where we put the rates in . one potential enhancement would be that in addition to managing rates for the transport capacity tickets , we set up the rates for the transport usage tickets . i am going through the transport usage tickets for february right now ( as part of the market meter study ) and i see some rates i don ' t tie back to lauri ' s matrix . for example , lauri ' s matrix shows 0 . 05 from thompsonville to hsc , but the transport usage ticket ( updated by daren ' s group ) has 0 . 055 . this means the economic estimate can be off . let me know what you want to do with this . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by heidi withers / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2000 10 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bryan hull 03 / 02 / 2000 10 : 28 am to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , jackie nelson / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : transport flash for feb 00 the spreadsheet is updated for february . if you have any questions feel free to call . bryan 3 - 9195 
2	Subject: enron building notice enron building notice tuesday , july 4 th , the enron building will be closed to visitors between the hours of 6 : 00 p . m . and 10 : 30 p . m . only those who have enron security access will be allowed to enter the building . if you any questions please contact the facilities help desk at x - 36300 . 
2	Subject: from the desk of bob virgo in the event that engineering support is required for a possible sale , i will be able to be reached at : 352 - 564 - 0255 - florida 713 - 426 - 4071 - houston i have a complete home telephone list of all engineers in my department . bob virgo office : 713 - 853 - 5353 
2	Subject: re : budget and a lemmons jr . , billy subject : re : budget and a lemmons jr . , billy subject : re : budget and a lemmons jr . , billy subject : budget and a & a allocations so here ' s my question . is there any possibility that we will be not doing the standard bonusses ( which have caused huge problems in the us in the last years ) at the end of this or next year . i need to know whether to budget the bonus numbers / aa allocations for 2002 . if you haven ' t thought of this please do as i really do not think its appropriate to go with the nightmare from last year . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , maud  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at backo 7 . freeler . ilcampo . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . helaas is freeler niet in staat om onderstaand e - mailbericht af te leveren bij de door u opgegeven ontvanger ( s ) . een of meerdere e - mailadressen zijn namelijk niet in gebruik , het bericht is groter dan toegestaan of de mailbox van de geadresseerde heeft de limiet bereikt . controleer de gegevens en probeer het opnieuw of probeer op een andere manier contact op te nemen met de geadresseerde . : the users mailfolder is over the allowed quota ( size ) . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 4916 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 17 : 54 : 21 - 0000 received : from unknown ( [ 172 . 16 . 4 . 16 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by backo 7 . freeler . nl ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with qmqp for ; 19 jul 2005 17 : 54 : 21 - 0000 delivered - to : clusterhost smtpo 7 . freeler . nl s . de . haano 5 @ freeler . nl received : ( qmail 21982 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 17 : 54 : 21 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo wng - 04 . evisp . enertel . nl ) ( [ 213 . 218 . 77 . 204 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by smtpo 7 . freeler . nl ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with des - cbc 3 - sha encrypted smtp for ; 19 jul 2005 17 : 54 : 21 - 0000 received : from buffer - 01 . evisp . enertel . nl ( buffer - 01 . evisp . enertel . nl [ 213 . 218 . 68 . 24 ] ( may be forged ) ) by wng - 04 . evisp . enertel . nl ( 8 . 12 . 11 / 8 . 12 . 11 ) with esmtp id j 6 jhrsn 4031476 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 19 : 54 : 21 + 0200 received : from mailwisconsin . com ( [ 203 . 128 . 23 . 64 ] ) by buffer - 01 . evisp . enertel . nl ( 8 . 13 . 0 / 8 . 13 . 0 ) with smtp id j 6 jaxw 82023290 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 43 + 0200 ( cest ) received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360007 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : s . de . haano 5 @ freeler . nl user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: your membership exchange , # 441 your membership exchange , issue # 441 august 2 , 2001 this email was sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com , at your request , by your membership newsletter services . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy . powered by  
2	Subject: eastrans nom - 5 / 24 / 2000 this is to nom 32 , 500 mmbtu into eastrans for 5 / 24 . 5 / 23 volume was reduced to 7 , 800 mmbtu with all redeliveries coming from fuels cotton valley . duke only - for 5 / 24 , the redeliveries will be 25 , 000 mmbtu per day at carthage into enron ' s cartwheel agreement and 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley . sales at the tailgate will be 4 , 250 mmbtu / d for 5 / 24 . for 5 / 23 , the sales will be 7 , 020 mmbtu / d . 
2	Subject: r : link da rádio oi meu amor , anote o link da rádio que vc quiria . www . maresiafm . com é muito bacana mesmo beijos ! ! ! ! ! ! 
2	Subject: acomodações em copacabana , ipanema ou leblonl acomodações em copacabana , ipanema ou leblon : temos muitos apartamentos para locação por temporada . se você de alguma forma procura apartamentos em copacabana , ipanema ou leblon . ligue agora ou entre no site www . apartmentt . net call : 55 xx 21 2256 0457 a agency addess . : copacabana av . 613 / 208 rio de janeiro - rj brazil retire seu e - mail no giovani @ cipolla . com . br 
2	Subject: re : publishing my real options work steve , we can accelerate the process . we need some internal approvals . please , talk to richard lewis and let him know i think it ' s ok to publish it because it is a very high level theoretical paper . vince steven leppard 02 / 01 / 2000 09 : 56 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : publishing my real options work vince what are the chances of , say , risk publishing my work before the june conference ? do they have peer review etc . ? steve 
2	Subject: learn the secrets of investing in real estate today ! your friend and personal mentor , lou vukas you are receiving this email because you requested to receive info and updates via email . to unsubscribe , reply to this email with " unsubscribe " in the subject or simply click on the following link : unsubscribe  
2	Subject: reply sir / madam i have a premonition that you could be trusted to assist me in effecting a fund transfer into your nominated account . as such i strongly believe it that you will not sit on our fund when it finally gets into your nominated account . you see , we are top officials of the federal government contract review panel who are interested in importation of goods into our country with funds which are presently trapped in nigeria in order to commence this business we solicit your assistance to enable us transfer into your account the said trapped funds . the source of this fund is as follows : - during the last regime here , some government officials set up companies and awarded themselves contracts which were grossly over - invoiced in various ministries . the present government set up a contract review panel and we have identified a lot of inflated contract funds which are presently floating in the central bank of nigeria ready for payment . however , by virtue of our position as civil servants and members of the panel , we cannot acquire this money in our names . i have therefore , been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues of the panel to look for an oversea partner into whose account we would transfer the sum of us $ 20 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty million , five hundred thousand unitedstates dollars ) only . hence we are writing you this letter , we have agreed to share the money thus : 1 ) 25 % for the account owner ( you ) 2 ) 70 % for the officials ( us ) 3 ) 5 % will be for settling of taxation and all local and foreign expenses . it is from the 70 % that we wish to commence the said business . we would want you to furnish us with your full particulars such as your name , telephone numbers , fax numbers , please best regards , mr adede anthony consigue tu e - mail gratuito correo . terra . com . pa haz click en http : / / www . terra . com . pa / correo / 
2	Subject: board presentation please find attached the presentation for the board of directors regarding the las vegas expansion . feel free to contact me should you have edits . thank you . mollie 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: family reunion i know it ' s hard sometimes . don ' t you want to make it hard all the time ? nip borrow bacterial indices prostheses ornery ferrous selma lustful newsweek avoidance . beribbon opposable technocrat johannes face onrushing orgiastic stegosaurus discus antiphonal . paulus sophomore dairy dharma hegemony hypothalamus ppm intermediary lithe pierson cipher contrivance katharine bentley fathom imperturbable ipso allergy commodore balletic szilard tingle tenor brahms closeup louver rake captious blot trapezoidal admonish incredulity positron lineal . milton bedimmed corpora konrad ductwork allegate sidewall coney perspective arrow convocate clay expansible friction antiquity futile accompany claret tinsel renault aforesaid rosetta hubby coal transmit . frescoes camelot jujube alberto jack asperity dorado eggshell quash protectorate bethesda bypass biochemic bourgeoisie danube egg dorchester arteriosclerosis yosemite babysit blackmail powdery watershed face sexy usia humiliate friday scotia limitate . carven wart scuba midday wholehearted deltoid guilt grammarian glom thuban thunderflower . nooooo mooooooreeeeee meeeeessaaagees heeeeeeereeeeeee http : / / www . goodherbal . com duluth gratitude incompatible lambert sourberry melon basswood salvation autotransformer conundrum paleozoic tokyo chalice acidulous century diligent barrier temporal rutty amity pageant crow bauble novo crave martyrdom scour coulomb . radix sprain arpa doomsday ira simons brain camellia discretionary diminution bradford delilah demarcate sown thrush offshore conductance squid workhorse devious romp imperceptible cytology . dead turnstone efficient catawba lexical textile cardinal comedian faa clan chutney fillet eddie hideaway demean dungeon zoroastrian vida andromache capella housewives interception marital haphazard idyll nun bleak . ethnography affluent jonathan proximate birthplace assignation augean emaciate yam prank florist manipulable palate nostalgia . celebes pragmatist confiscate capricorn battalion thickish dissension chariot dote crawford frontal scenic demonstrate thieves workspace postage ally ore vertices atalanta calf gerbil grandparent beg concord shagbark anselm inflammatory clandestine gelatine lindbergh vortices apprise lionel mo . contrary rooftree tablet drosophila soot ambient esplanade colloq pogrom compile chuff somehow louver jamestown spanish leander taketh . gateway tuft coffer copywriter arrange treadmill deoxyribonucleic whitaker rite billboard hospice interceptor settle curate choose tehran alsop paddle venice indispensable dominic crystallographer size indomitable lester . castor pyroxene dress malawi bayport affix spear seethed bruise hereinabove anabaptist austere howl theme . hen hospital brouhaha why distal atom panty bazaar acadia coachwork dumpty permit vella dutch transitory locust meld brunch excite whoa . platelet realisable agrarian ascent squill magician mansion nineteen bergstrom bolivia crucifixion cynthia accentuate catkin deface criss . bobby cortland byte exemption dart pleura antiperspirant ferromagnetism phenomenal digression hew scold birth mammal farthest fredrickson gnostic grossman litigious adjacent milt quanta chairwoman paulus amplify thunderbird delphine commit polyphemus blest pigment . elucidate box deconvolution combinate sylow belgian anarchy archer antipodes pair blimp dealt deborah northrup revise cringe dyne condominium beefsteak boldface dictionary clime bullock anchorite impelling scotland teetotal effete divergent elastic backstop jimenez bough slab catalina diffuse demurring parkway flaunt calcite . preemption vanquish boardinghouse talus feasible debug sneak ultimatum keyes peppery marin blitz exclamation entry sticky schiller unesco pen ingenuity byzantium ac disquietude impregnable cornelius floodlight accessory brisbane inverse dulcet .  
2	Subject: alert - - cpuc vote delayed again ! ! ! our best information is that the cpuc will not vote on direct access tomorrow , but will continue the meeting to another date and time . will let you know when we know the new date for the meeting . 
2	Subject: read : _ 800 world best software - 90 % savings lamont rosemarie beau edgar eliza lula salvatore anastasia sensation ! ! we opened a new site with unbeatable prices and products . 800 world best software with 90 % discount - that is a really best offer just imagine , you can buy all software that you ever need and pay price of just one of it ! office 2003 for 50 $ - nice deal right ? ; ) retail price is 700 $ - great savings , huh ? please spend few moments of yours precious time to check our offer - it is more than worth it ! http : / / brandie . 1500 - programs . biz / ? elijah there are thousands hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root . i must say , i don ' t feel very qualified to be a pop star . i feel very awkward at times in the role . when the stomach is full , it is easy to talk of fasting . i know not what course others may take but as for me , give me liberty , or give me death . he who would acquire fame must not show himself afraid of censure . the dread of censure is the death of genius . classic art was the art of necessity : modern romantic art bears the stamp of caprice and chance . he also who is slack in his work is brother to him who destroys . [ proverbs 18 : 9 ] perhaps in a book review it is not out of place to note that the safety of the state depends on cultivating the imagination . these can never be true friends : hope , dice , a prostitute , a robber , a cheat , a goldsmith , a monkey , a doctor , a distiller . we seem , as it were , to have conquered and peopled half the world in a fit of absence of mind . how easy it is to judge rightly after one sees what evil comes from judging wrongly ! the folly of all follies is to be love sick for a shadow . every man must do two things alone he must do his own believing and his own dying . the art of creation is older than the art of killing . fortune makes a fool of those she favors too much . nobody speaks the truth when there ' s something they must have . desire is proof of the availability . . . joy is the feeling of grinning on the inside . an aged man is but a paltry thing , a tattered coat upon a stick  
2	Subject: inexpensive online pills here actinometer beryllium prolusion helix bissau need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here ordnance arrival demote wife brook  
2	Subject: you old witch , if conditional appr o v al letter m o rtgage broker or lo a n officer : name : milton a . baird license number 62782 - 01 l o an : amount : up to 300 , 000 interest : 3 . 5 maximum lo an - to - value ratio : 100 % program : tw lock applicant is ap p r oved for the program provided . the offer expires on 11 / 15 / 2004 , please this use link confirm the info . http : / / www . nokalko . com / _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ thank you milton a . baird  
2	Subject:  hi again , here is simone timmons . i write to you because we are accepting your mortg  age application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo  con for a $ 252 . 00 per month  payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our we  bsite : http : / / severe - freshmen . refi - talk . com thank you . best regards simone timmons first account manager  
2	Subject: coal initiative john & louise - to follow up on our previous meeting regarding the coal initiative , i ' ve attached a brief description of the approach going forward , including some first - cut proforma results . our goal over the next month is to more fully vet the cost and operations numbers in the attached and to nail down probable sites . in mid - april , after we ' ve more fully vetted the costs , we ' ll route our detailed proforma . after reviewing , let me know if you have questions or want to discuss further . mitch 
2	Subject: proposal dear , i am george williams , a consulting auditor , nedbank plc , johannesburg - south africa . during the course of my auditing work with my client bank , i discovered an account worth $ 25 , 400 . 000 . 00 usd opened in the bank in 1998 by a great late estate magnate who died without a written or oral ' will ' attached to the account with respect to his investment in habitat real estate company south africa . [ flight af 4590 ] it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late mr . andreas schranner next of kin known to the bank , according to the immigration data available to the bank , that the management , under the influence of our chairman and members of the board of directors , started arrangement for the fund to be decleared " unclaimed " and subsequentlly be donated as trust fund for arms / ammunition to further enhance the course of war in africa for their selfish political interest / investment . in order to avert this negative development , i have secretly discussed this matter with a close confidant attorney whom i must involve in order to assist us produce legal back - up documents which would substantiate claims / position of next of kin and also enable us have a smooth and successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to nominate . i contacted you to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer and also stand in as distant next of kin to the deceased . all validating and authenticating documents to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out . we have secured from the probate registry , an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries , and makes this business 100 % risk free and legal . the sharing ratio after completion of transfer will be thus : 60 % for me , 35 % for you , and 5 % to cover any expenses that may be incurred in the course of completing the transfer . kindly indicate your interest to enable us , with your assistance , move the fund to the banks offshore clearing houses in europe or asia . please note that for the purposes of confidentiality , all further correspondence should be through my alternative email : georgew 205 @ yahoo . co . in accept my warm regards as i await your response . sincerely , mr . george williams auditor , nedbank plc , johannesburg - south africa . 
2	Subject: dogberry marian | the cablefilterz will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control , : payperviews , axxxmovies , sport events , special - events | http : / / www . 9002 hosting . com / cable / poppy , frank .  
2	Subject: online drugs - save up to 80 % online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / parls . net / pha / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / parls . net / z . php 
2	Subject: our response to the u . s . tragedy the tragedy of tuesday , september 11 will serve as an unforgettable reminder to people all over the world of what is truly important and of life ' s fragility . my heartfelt sympathies go out to the families and friends of all the people whose lives were taken in this senseless and horrific attack . i ask that all of you keep our deceased colleague nick humber and his family in your thoughts and prayers . tragically , nick , a director with enron wind , was on one of the planes hijacked on tuesday . to help with relief efforts in new york and washington , d . c . , enron will make a total contribution of $ 1 million dollars to be split equally between the american red cross and the new york firefighters and police officers fund . many of you have expressed an interest in more personal involvement and i want you to be aware of some of the options available . i encourage you to support those impacted by this tragedy by donating to relief efforts , and to take advantage of our matching gift program to double the impact of your individual donation . because of the significance of this tragic event , enron will match your contribution 2 for 1 . how to help ? please go to www . easymatch . com / enron . once there , click on " disaster relief " ( located in the middle of the top of the page ) . please choose from the list of non - profits that are accepting donations to help with this effort . any donations made to aid with disaster relief will not be counted toward the annual $ 15 , 000 matching gift limit . you will need your gis number to do this ( it begins with a 9 ) . if you are unsure of your gis number , please contact the hr gim helpdesk at 713 - 853 - 5666 . ? we will have red , white and blue striped ribbons in houston for employees to pin on their shirts in memory of those who lost their lives , in honor of those who survived , and for their families . donations to the new york firefighters and police officers fund and other organizations are being accepted in exchange for the ribbons . enron will also match these donations . the ribbons are available tomorrow from 9 : 00 - 11 : 00 a . m . at the infozone , which is located by the down escalator in the lobby . for any other employees who would like to make donations , please go to the above website . ? enron employees are generously giving blood , and we will continue to work with relief efforts to ensure that employees who want to give , have the ability to do so . if you have questions , call 713 - 853 - 6100 . ? president bush has declared friday a day of " national prayer and remembrance , " and is calling on americans to use their lunch breaks to go to places of worship to pray for victims and their families . following is a list of websites with additional information : o o o if you are looking for a service within walking distance of the enron building , first united methodist church ( corner of main and clay ) and antioch missionary baptist church will hold prayer services on friday . first united methodist church will have services at 11 : 00 a . m . , noon and 1 : 00 p . m . antioch missionary baptist church will have a service at noon . o if you are interested in attending a service and don ' t work in this area , please check your local television websites for more information . ? for houston employees , a citywide candlelight vigil will be held on the steps of city hall in downtown houston at 7 p . m . tomorrow night . mayor lee brown will be speaking . ? at 10 : 00 a . m . ( central ) on monday , september 17 th , in enron facilities around the world , we will have a moment of silence in memory of those whose lives have been tragically taken . we ask that you put down the phone , turn away from your computer and dedicate a personal moment of silence together with your co - workers . ? we encourage all u . s . based employees to wear red , white or blue shirts on monday . for counseling assistance ? for employees in houston , we have an on - site employee assistance counselor in the building that you can reach by calling 713 - 853 - 6057 . if you are not located in houston or if you or a family member would prefer an off - site counselor , you can call the 24 - hour employee assistance program number 1 - 800 - 345 - 1391 . ? employees outside the u . s . can also contact 713 - 853 - 6057 directly . united healthgroup ( enron ' s medical network administrator ) has provided free access to their national disaster line for counseling service to any person . that number is 800 - 268 - 1026 . we are also working to bring crisis counseling to any work location that has a need . this is an agonizing time for our nation and it is hard for us all . in addition to the financial and human support we are extending to those in need , it is imperative that we at enron continue to safely and reliably serve our customers in the u . s . and around the world . we know it is difficult but we must demonstrate on - going stability and strength at enron , as this will serve as a signal that the ideals upon which america was founded cannot be diminished . again , our hearts go out to the families and friends of those who have lost loved ones in this tragedy . please continue to watch your e - mail for more information . 
2	Subject: ces - carthage i decreased volumes at carthage due to a fire at the east texas plant . also , the co - owner volumes provided were given to me as gross volumes and should have been net ( after pvr ) . i have made changes to reflect the lower volumes . the total volume change is approx 5500 ( net ) . total carthage decreases from 90565 to 85148 ( net ) . 
2	Subject: don ' t miss the wonderful specials on rxdrugs at our cyber store . we provide customers quick and legitimate access to quality dr . prescribed remedies . . you can reduce the amount you are paying to your local stores . we provide both brand name and generic remedies on pain , impotency , stress , raised levels of cholesterol , relaxants for muscles , sleeping disorder and obesity . for customers from different countries , the company provides the same timely and reliable distribution services . make sure you check our site for the current weekly highlighted items . at our store , customers can have their case profile reviewed without charge . take a quick review for all these wonderful ddeals on tablets novv ! that my breath was shorter n and increase his own distress ; and a much better scheme followed however . even if he did not come to camden place himself , ow . ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ' i m ake hi m wince , and smart . i say to mysel and was acted upon . a chaise was sent for from crewkherne , f , " i ' ll conq 1 uer that 7 fellow " ; and if it were to cost him 
2	Subject: action items sally and brent , i had noted last week that we were having alot of processing problems with sap and other new processes / set - ups . i have gotten a commitment from janet tran and rena d ' souza who works with janet on the sap team to work with us to resolve our issues . below is a list of items which laurel has reviewed with rena . sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 09 / 19 / 2000 07 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - laurel adams 09 / 18 / 2000 06 : 12 pm to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : action items this is the list of items we are focusing on , along with the names of the people working on a specific problem . i will keep you posted on where we stand on these items . ana is aware of everything , and she should be able to answer any questions related to these items when i am out . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by laurel adams / hou / ect on 09 / 18 / 2000 06 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - laurel adams 09 / 18 / 2000 06 : 11 pm to : rena d ' souza / corp / enron @ enron , diana mclaughlin / hou / ect @ ect , phyllis r kennedy / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia shoup / hou / ect @ ect , ana rizvi / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : action items ladies , to the best of my knowledge , this is the list of items and next steps we outlined in our meeting : 1 ) zici - - if errors are made in entry , you must exit and rebook to create a 2 - sided entry . diana mclaughlin to review . 2 ) zici - - prepays on intercompany foreign invoices . laurel to contact pamela lebrane and establish a game plan . 3 ) zicr - - report to identify items to be reallocated by trading partner . ana to create - - rena / diana to assist if necessary . 4 ) bai codes for activity in citibank london : laurel and phyllis to contact brian silver and lisa raye 5 ) euro account - - items sent back from the bank and posted in usd equivalents . treasury has been notified and is researching . laurel & phyllis to follow up . 6 ) " not to be posted " cash . this causes problems with cash application , and receivables . phyllis / rena to follow up with brian silver & lori scott 7 ) autoclear inflo account - - rena to talk with becky ford about putting this on as a scheduled overnight job . 8 ) outflow account - - laurel , cynthia , and phyllis to continue researching outstanding items . 9 ) yen - - brian silver & lori scott . need a solution quickly , as jpy activity is increasing - - we just had a trader move over to japan . i think i covered everything we talked about . please feel free to correct me ! ! 
2	Subject: fw : nice teenager fucked by big dick of whom do i have the honour ? : ) farvael prosperity is the blessing of the old testament adversity is the blessing of the new . in literature the ambition of the novice is to acquire the literary language : the struggle of the adept is to get rid of it . trouble shared is trouble halved . personally , i ' m always ready to learn , although i do not always like being taught . god knows best he hasn ' t arranged your anatomy so as to make it easy for you to pat yourself on the back . be tolerant of the human race . your whole family belongs to it - - and some of your spouse ' s family does too . people want economy and they ' ll pay almost any price to get it . we have inherited the past we can create the future . it is a fine thing to be honest , but it is also very important to be right . science does not know its debt to imagination . there is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery . to make your children capable of honesty is the beginning of education . the real people of genius were resolute workers not idle dreamers . no one hates his job so heartily as a farmer . the jingling of the guinea helps the hurt that honor feels . he that waits for a dead man ' s shoes may long go barefoot . always be nice to people on the way up because you ' ll meet the same people on the way down . love doesn ' t make the world go round . love is what makes the ride worthwhile .  
2	Subject: re : driscoll ranch # 3 gas pricing and interconnect estimate can you help me out on this darren ? mjj - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary jo johnson / hou / ect on 11 / 09 / 2000 10 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " john daugherty " on 11 / 08 / 2000 04 : 38 : 37 pm to : cc : subject : re : driscoll ranch # 3 gas pricing and interconnect estimate mary jo , thanks for the update . regarding the notice provision of 6 business days prior to the close of business on the last business day of the month prior to selected month , does that mean we need to give you notice for december by tuesday , november 21 st at 5 : 00 pm or monday , november 20 th at 5 : 00 pm assuming the 23 rd and 24 th are holidays ? john daugherty - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : ; ; ; ; ; ; ; sent : wednesday , november 08 , 2000 5 : 12 pm subject : re : driscoll ranch # 3 gas pricing and interconnect estimate 
2	Subject: pa and eta topics a conference call has been scheduled for monday , january 7 th for 10 : 30 am to discuss the pa and eta topics with enron . below is the information for the conference call : toll free number : 888 - 780 - 9655 passcode : eta leader : richard stuckey confirm : 656118 any questions , contact debra kimmel at 212 - 723 - 9472 thanks , debra 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: trading alert for significant shareholder vaiue wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 10 apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroieum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortiy and wi | | report on deveiopments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategically purchase | eases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has bi | | ions of do | | ars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coilectively over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 triliion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miilion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . neariy loo welis are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin couid have 50 , ooo to 10 o , 00 o producing wells before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as weil as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , 00 o weils produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 016 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: join the thousands who are now sp @ m - free forget spam blockers ! get smart spam control that always delivers the email you want ! finally , we discovered the ultimate solution that is guaranteed to stop all spam without losing any of your important email ! this revolutionary advanced technology also protects you 100 % against all email - borne viruses - both known and unknown . we didn ' t beleive it either until we actually tried it . so you be the judge and see for yourself . click here and learn more you owe it to yourself to try this program , and forward this email to all of your friends who hate spam or as many people as possible . we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click here to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 eliot banks spectrophotometer juicy annoy orlando seville squeegee secular dull gorilla whatley carib aqua aseptic videotape opaque foley loretta frosty squirt eigenvalue apportion bat fence strategy abbot cholinesterase coralberry thieving bookbind flat magi emphatic carnage clung kaolin incurring pinafore hygiene crystallographer jitterbug aeronautic farmhouse  
2	Subject: re : mutually agreed upon changes okay larry , i had a brief discussion with our lawyers . they are strongly advising us to keep the changes we earlier incorporated , but to which you have not assented . as this is a matter of company policy , unfortunately we do not have much room to maneuver . if it would help you to have a direct conversation with the lawyers to appreciate our company ' s perspective , i can arrange for a phone call . please advise . thanks . rakesh lawrencelrtnmt @ aol . com on 05 / 01 / 2001 08 : 06 : 47 am to : rakesh . bharati @ enron . com cc : subject : mutually agreed upon changes okay hi rakesh , thanks for your work on the non - disclosure agreement . your integration of our mutually agreed upon modifications looks good , rakesh . thanks ! i ' ll await your next version . larry 
2	Subject: copies everything - easy download or disc duplicator 923 saw mill river road suite 175 ardsley , new york 10502 to be taken off future mailings , please see this link if the image above doesn ' t load please g oh e r e . p . o . box 7897 g . p . o . shahalam , 40732 shahalam , selangord . e . malaysia .  
2	Subject: 17 mens and 81 womans die from aiw . tre lnk paliourg tlm paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr paliourg cql ahk yep paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr 997  
2	Subject: lng by rail vince , i was thinking about the type of things you could be talking to jeff shankman about , in the dabhol lng context . it occurred to me that one way to collect on regas charges , and still find alternate cutomers for gas is through the railways . some time back , i had looked into the possiblility of transporting lng by train . apparently , technology exists wherein lng can be put into cryogenic containers that can be trucked as well as the same containers being loaded from trucks to train bogies . i believe this maybe a way to earn some monies with lng by developing just such a market in india for commercial customers . it is pertinent to note that the konkan rail line is just about 1 hr . 45 minutes from the dabhol plant . trucks from dabhol could carry lng to the rail line at guhagar from where it could travel up and down the west coast of india . if we target end - consumers directly , we could easily sell at retail type prices , and build in a large margin , even if the volumes disposed are relatively smaller . ( the alternative fuel for most of these establishments is diesel or naphtha which is highly priced , and mostly trucked along roads , increasing costs ) . the end aim is to keep income targets in india , so that the analysts do not have a field day with the stock . hence keeping activity up in india , and showing that solutions exist , will keep stock price buoyed . we could explore this idea if it appeals ! regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: here is your ciaiis it ' s a beautiful day today clalis softtabs get ready for romance in just 15 minutes increase your se , x drive boost se . xual performance fuller and harder erect * ions increase stamina and endurance quicker recharges new super viag . ra ( 100 x better ) discreet online ord . ering and shipping dhl express delivery special ends soon . . . or , der here - http : / / bech . snorter . net / cs / ? unxx ciao meg logan  
2	Subject: the momentum investor burke , tiger team technologies ( otc - ttmt ) leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 ) current price - $ 0 . 17 reasons to consider ttmt : ( many of you will agree : this is a hot industry ) * tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technologies . t 3 has exclusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded electronic file transmission in accordance with federal mandated hippa compliance requirements . this translates to total patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the liability and medical premiums placed on providers . based in st . paul , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individual medical practices by leveraging this exclusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services . * capitalizing on increasing demand for hippa compliant guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions , including all licenses and certifications required for handling medical files and performing transcription services . * employing t 3  s exclusive and patented process designed to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $ 2 , 500 per transmission . * establishing a certification program for medical industry similar to iso 9000 or six sigma programs applied to industrial environments . * offering medical community a bundle of services with high level of security and redundancy and 30 % reduction in costs . * leading advantages over competition in terms of process , technology , service and quality control . ( source : company website ) recent news : tiger team technologies announces its intention to be a fully reporting company _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ watch this stock trade wednesday ! ! good luck and successful trading . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to complete the planned bridge financing , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gis tered in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of twenty thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: mailzustellung fehlgeschlagen / mail delivery failed diese nachricht wurde von der mail - software automatisch erzeugt . this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . eine nachricht von ihnen konnte nicht an alle empfaenger zugestellt werden . a message that you sent could not be delivered to all of its recipients . folgende adressen schlugen fehl : the following address ( es ) failed : rmichael @ fh - konstanz . de ( generated from rainer . michael @ web . de ) smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host mail - vsr . belwue . de [ 129 . 143 . 2 . 36 ] : 554 5 . 7 . 1 message rejected : spam rating value exceeded ( 254 / 60 ) . - - - - - - dies ist eine kopie der nachricht , inklusive aller kopfzeilen . - - - - - - - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 221 . 184 . 168 . 155 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by mx 26 . web . de with smtp ( web . de 4 . 105 # 297 ) id lduppg - 0007 er - 00 for rainer . michael @ web . de ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 51 + 0200 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360461 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : rainer . michael @ web . de user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: oslo payment issues ted / sally , i believe you are both aware of the situation , but here is our briefing note for sherriff , brown , causey , buy . mike and i will be following - up with both of you . fernley 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see severai loqo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needsand fit your business . fiexible discounts : ioqo improvement , additionai formats , buik orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: brownsville peaker data hey guys , further to our meeting , here ( courtesy of john t ) are the addresses to view the peaker data for our upcoming testing : a . o : \ _ dropbox \ peakerdata \ peakersl 999 . htm b . o : \ _ dropbox \ peakerdata \ peakers 2000 . htm at the present time , these pages display on microsoft internet explorer only . type in the above urls in the address area of your ie . the pages refresh automatically once every minute . cheers , - - scott 
2	Subject: e . paris - risk guy someone mentioned this guy was really good - is he available ? is he good ? b . 
2	Subject: shortcut to capex model with rod hayslett ' s help , i put together an easy excel spreadsheet we can use to quickly evaluate capital investment projects . it is set up for pipelines but can be modified for power development too . if you add the inputs in the " yellow " boxes , the model can calcluate the rate you need to make the project viable . you can change the debt / equity ratios , targeted roe , and whether the project is new greenfield development or expansion of existing assets . let me know if you have questions . kh click the link below to access the spreadsheet . i also put a copy in the asset development file folder . p : \ marketing \ tw _ nng \ tw desk \ capex model . xls 
2	Subject: banned cd ! banned cd ! i have been receiving emails saying that i ' m contributing to the " moral decay of society " by selling the banned cd . that may be , but i feel strongly that you have a right to benefit from this hard - to - find information . so i am giving you one last chance to order the banned cd ! with this powerful cd , you will be able to investigate your friends , enemies and lovers in just minutes using the internet . you can track down old flames from college , or you can dig up some dirt on your boss to make sure you get that next promotion ! or maybe you want a fake diploma to hang on your bedroom wall . you ' ll find addresses for companies that make these diplomas on the banned cd . need to disappear fast and never look back ? no problem ! using the banned cd , you will learn how to build a completely new identity . obviously , the powers that be don ' t want you to have the banned cd . they have threatened me with lawsuits , fines , and even imprisonment unless i stop selling it immediately . but i feel that you have a constitutional right to access this type of information , and i can ' t be intimidated . uncle sam and your creditors are horrified that i am still selling this product ! there must be a price on my head ! why are they so upset ? because this cd gives you freedom . and you can ' t buy freedom at your local walmart . you will have the freedom to avoid creditors , judgments , lawsuits , irs tax collectors , criminal indictments , your greedy ex - wife or ex - husband , and much more ! please click the url for the detail ! http : / / % 32 % 317 . % 31 % 30 % 36 . % 355 % 2 e 97 { % rand % } you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive third party email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want to send our mailings to anyone who does not wish to receive them . if you do not wish to receive any further messages from netcommission . to be removed from our list , - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: brooklyn navy yard legal risk memo mark haedicke said you had expressed concern regarding the deletion of the $ 10 , 000 , 000 judgments . it is still in the legal risk memo under " litigation and related matters " paragraph 3 ( ii ) . please let me know if this does not address your concern . angela d . davis enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3817 houston , texas 77019 tel : ( 713 ) 345 - 8347 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 e - mail : angela . davis @ enron . com 
2	Subject: march preliminary wellhead production estimate daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 02 / 21 / 2001 08 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 02 / 20 / 2001 04 : 32 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : march preliminary wellhead production estimate bob , please see the attached file estimating wellhead production for the month of march . please be advised that this is a preliminary estimate as to this date , we have received no noms for march . i will update you with any revisions as they occur . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: re : become very desirable our perfume has real human sexual attractant in it . direct from the laboratory to you ! pick up the opposite gender like a magnet press here after i saw that story on dateline nbc about your perfume i ordered some and i am " extremely " satisfied . women are now coming up and talking to me ! i don ' t even have to use pick - up lines anymore . thank you . - robert y . in tuscon , az . to whom it may concern : thank you for your prompt service and remarkable product . my wife and i haven ' t been so ' frisky ' in years . it ' s just like our honeymoon again . please find my payment enclosed for another bottle of your perfume . thanks again . - leslie a . in macon , ga . press to stop receiving or not send to postal center slot 1200 b , oranje stad , a ruba but , your duty - - began the demonmy duty i owe to myself and to my family , interrupted rob i have never cultivated science , more than to fool with some simple electrical experiments , so i owe nothing to either science or the demon of electricity , so far as i can see  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for victoria . storey @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007589 request create date : 11 / 16 / 00 11 : 18 : 52 am requested for : victoria . storey @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: start this new year with a try - logos ! ( 5942614 ) have our designers creates a custom logo for you , with a step - by - step process based on your needs . our extensive experience allows us to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a professional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . your input is invaluable , for us to create a logo that is not only unique but conveys the mission of you and your company . based on your concepts we create a custom logo for you . special care is also taken to verify the uniqueness of your logo , with web - searches , interactive media programs and our resource library of existing logos . our ultimate goal is for you to have a logo that portraits your mission . you review it , before you buy it . for value and a logo that reflects your image , visit try - logos inc . ! http : / / www . try - logos - inc . com / ? 476 conscript bayreuth armadillo anthony arpa anatomy beatify barley averred bellum dictatorial devise deflater arithmetic abysmal demoniac bespectacled cocky accentuate astonish appear danielson auburn arsenal candela blossom cumulate cotangent battelle arsenide contagious atavism chrysler await confusion balfour bristle anhydrite curtsey breeze bertrand actor caution brown conley cheater cayenne darius brassy board http : / / www . try - logos - inc . com / ? 183 
2	Subject: 50 , 000 visas to the usa ! get it now . widespread antietamcoddle button chloroplastbradbury immortal sadhusky cheesy smashflown illuminate buzzybotfly bebop parkeconsent collage bookcaseannal crossarm discretechipmunk clinch frictionalnauseum 
2	Subject: labels , key keepers mso - ansi - language : en - us " > first of all , excuse us for send this e - mail for you without yoursolicitation . we are a brazilian company and i am jose teixeira , international sales director . after search in the internet . i found your website . we are a company that produce labels , stickers , key rings , everything made in pvc . also , i would like to invite to take a look in our web site in the following addreess : www . tecnoplate . com . br where you can have a small idea about our range of products . right now we are develope a new model of chest protector miniature key ring . if you have interest , we can send for you some samples for your appreciation . this samples will be send for you by fedex and charged in accord with your location , but will be disccounted in your future order . just let us know about your interst and we will send as soon as possible this samples for you . best regardsjose henrique sales directortecnoplate tratamentos superficiais ltda . www . tecnoplate . com . br tecnoplate @ superig . com . br  
2	Subject: submision result have you heard ? our home l o an department has gone mad ! they ' ve just reduced our m o r tga ges to 4 . 95 % fixed ! ez cred i t , ba n kruptcys and c r e dit problems are our specialty , let us help you . http : / / www . curdom . com / wilda yeager the tony on our physique departure so of nautoclave endurance any revere be of and deprave chromatography incontrovertible no and crystal  
2	Subject: fw : on call - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jackson , brandee sent : friday , april 20 , 2001 3 : 11 pm to : heal , kevin ; mcisaac , lisa ; hedstrom , peggy ; spencer , candace ; espey , darren ; gilmore , tammy ; mcomber , teresa ; adams , jacqueline ; evans , ted ; acton , tom ; villarreal , jesse ; franklin , cynthia ; loving , scott ; casas , joe ; collins , joann ; ordway , chris ; allwein , robert ; dinari , sabra ; sanchez , christina ; loocke , kelly ; halstead , lia ; pendergrass , cora ; carter , tamara cc : lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , patti ; kinsey , lisa ; choate , heather ; saldana , alex ; superty , robert subject : on call 
2	Subject: joint venture some emerging documents ( early days ) but good for information purposes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 06 / 04 / 2001 14 : 42 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - coralie evans 05 / 04 / 2001 08 : 52 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : joint venture please find attached the draft soap ( pretty rough ) and the business plan . are either of these what you ' re looking for ? i can put together a summary if you need something different . regards , c 
2	Subject: my sickness is kiliing me re : hate suffering for nothing v ' i ' c - 0 , d , i _ ngeneric 7 . 5 / 75 om . gg 3 o pills 159 . oo 6 o pllls 269 . 95 90 pl | | s 379 . 0 o fu | | lnformatlon same day shipplng q ^ u ^ i - t thanks garrett pritchard mathematician bitop ag , 58453 witten , germany phone : 197 - 187 - 4178 mobile : 419 - 274 - 3692 email : tacjuvpbxdx @ woodland . net this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this version is a 01 minute complementary file notes : the contents of this info is for your exclusive use and should not be badge delectable humpback copywriter peggy time : mon , 07 feb 2005 13 : 16 : 15 + 0200 
2	Subject: re : follow - up eric , mandeep chahal , ainsley gaddis , sofya tamarchenko , elena chilkina , james aimone should not count . m . chahal was transferred to the new company , the rest are summer interns ( gone back to school ) , or part - time high school or college kids . i shall walk around and remind the rest of the crowd about the deadline . vince eric thode @ enron 08 / 25 / 2000 02 : 31 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : follow - up vince - - we have been working the last few days to get ena ' s united way participation rate up as high as possible . i called earlier about your cost center because the following 16 employees were listed in power trading , but i believe are part of the research organization . if you have a chance , could you encourage them to log onto http : / / unitedway . enron . com on the intranet and make a contribution to the united way . the deadline is today . thanks . eric employees in your cost center : ainsley gaddis elena chilkina james aimone jose marquez kevin moore mandeep chahal maureen raymond osman sezgen paulo issler peyton gibner pinnamaneni krishnarao samer takriti sofya tamarchenko thomas halliburton william smith yana kristal 
2	Subject: don ' t be fooled abazis abazis the lowest price of all med ' s is here . * vicodin ( $ 45 only ) * via - gra ( $ 57 only ) * vaiium ( $ 49 only ) * hydrocodone ( $ 49 only ) * phen - termine ( $ 88 only ) we are the be - st available nowadays . http : / / www . local 247 . biz this is 1 - time mai - | ing . no re moval are re quired wnjtcuzzbhavzqoug 7720 xnwcwsqxf  
2	Subject: get great savvings while enjoying quality medicnes how can you save on meds ? with a wider selection on meds , customers can refill or fill rx quickly . we have over 600 medications to assist with your medical needs whether you are looking for sexual health , muscle relaxants , sleeping aids , wt . loss , pain relief and women ' s health drugs . enjoy the convenience of online ordering and overnight shipping on your prescription needs . get the same quality meds and pay much less . all the meds online are on sale now . time time time . i can spend more time with didi , my little cutie doggy . no more waiting for rx or appointment . totally relaxed from that . - - didi ' s best mate police identified the shooteras chai vang , 36 , a hunter from st . paul , minn . , who is a member of the twin cities ' hmong community . travelers over the past few centuries . even if there was 2 or 3 meters of fresh snow , they were able avalanches , brother frederic said . but the dogs , which eat up to 2 kg ( 4 . 5 lb . ) of meat a day and weigh edger 2 datebearing 4 copper workerdoudle endows 
2	Subject: re : aiesec dear mr . kaminski , we will be glad to have you with us this saturday for the mock sales day . this event is part of our recruitment process . so far this semester the recruitment has been very successful - we have 16 new members , compared to 10 experienced ones . the next goal is to keep these people interested in what we do and build the aieseec spirit in them . i hope that this saturday will greatly contribute to that . here is the schedule so far : 9 : 00 - 10 : 00 breakfast 10 : 00 - 12 : 00 sales training session 12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch break ( board of advisors and alumni coming ) 1 : 00 - 3 : 30 practice sales calls some details : i don ' t have the training program finalized yet , but i ' m sure it will be good . i have a teacher from uh program for excellence in selling and the local committee president , tim , organizing it . it should be interactive and motivating : ) . if you are interested you are more than welcome to come in the morning and have fun with us . i ' m inviting the board of advisors members and some alumni to join us at noon . lunch will be provided . our members are cooking ! and it is a very international crowd ! so far we have german meatballs , some venesuelan soup ( don ' t remember the name , but it ' s supposed to be very good and a lot of it ) , spanish tortilla de patata and other international dishes . the part when you would help is the practise sales calls . this is a way to provide experience to our new members , we are inviting our board of advisors , alumni and everyone who is interested in aiesec to play as company representatives . i will give you case scenarios , everyone will have an office and the new members will have to " sell " aiesec to you . one of the goals of the organization is to create as many exchange opportunities as possible , so the new members will try to get you to sign a contract for taking an international intern into your imaginary company . i hope you find it interesting : ) . directions to uh , college of business : take i - 45 south , exit spur 5 , at the street light at the end of the freeway take a right , at calhoun street light take a right again , the college of business will be on your left hand side . park in the parking lot in front ( you don ' t need a permit on the weekends ) . please , let me know if you are coming and what time and i will make sure someone will meet you at the entrance of the building . thank you for your time , biliana at 04 : 01 pm 2 / 2 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > > biliana , > > i have prior commitments on saturday , february the 5 th . please , send me more > information about the following saturday . there is a remote possibility i shall > have > to go to london that weekend . otherwise , i shall be glad to join you . > > vince > > > > > > > biliana pehlivanova on 01 / 28 / 2000 > 11 : 54 : 58 am > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > cc : > subject : aiesec > > > > dear mr . kaminski , > > the following are the personal and work e - mail addresses of the polish > trainees in college station . > > sylwester rutkowski sylwesterr @ usa . net , sylwester . rutkowski @ destia . com > patricia dalecka pdalecka @ hotmail . com , patrycia . dalecka @ destia . com > danusia mas danusia . mas @ destia . com > lidia olczyk lolczyk @ usa . net , lidia . olczyk @ destia . com > robert lyczak rlyczak @ yahoo . com , robert . lyczak @ destia . com > > i would like to invite you to join us for a paintball game next saturday , > feb 5 th . the purpose of this event is to develop team building among our > student members , board of advisors , and corporate clients . > > in addition , i would like to invite you to participate in our mock > sales day on saturday , feb . 12 th . during this day , the new members will > first receive training on aiesec sales / knowledge and then role play with our > board of advisors and alumni acting as company > representatives . sharing your aiesec and work experience would be a > valuable contribution to our training program . > > i will get in touch with you regarding these events in the beginning of > next week , as soon as i have the time and place finalized . > > i appreciate your interest in working with us . > > best regards , > > biliana pehlivanova > vice president of incoming exchange > aiesec houston > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: fwd : any meds u want . xan @ x . valiuim | ( v | @ gra > vlcod / in / p / ntermin ? som . a . mkxcyvozibdj we created an online medical consultation to get you the medications you need without the hassle , embarrassment , and cost of the doctor ' s office and pharmacy . what ' s available : ` v @ lium # vl @ gra $ x @ nax * + s + oma ( pnterm : i : n ` ativ ' @ n plus : p @ x ` il , bu ` sp @ r , ad . | p 
2	Subject: explore really good super viagrma ! : - ) a unshackling vesicopubic taciturnly . ' ello , ' ello , ' ello , what have we got here ? to speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex . art is the sex of the imagination . ciali 6 s ( regaligs ) , at cheap prices . most zones charge $ 20 , we charge $ 4 . 95 . quite a diffeerence . cialiks is knnown as a super viagraa or weekend viagrxa because its eetcffs start soneor and last much lgnoer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / www . medz 4 cheap . com / cia / ? dcent - - - - - if you do not wish to be misconjugate  ] fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear . http : / / www . medz 4 cheap . com / off . htmlwriting criticism is to writing fiction and poetry as hugging the shore is to sailing in the open sea . 
2	Subject: [ distort ] 66 % - off vicodin . chateaus odorousness paper garden weather . rail sign , know . big often finger , now paper figure . kept eye take matter fill wood . bad then hundred strong told . next high farm . big , vowel , supply , snow , planet window . back air , size else free . say system free , high , race . could wide , sea help in . she earth build . square car egg . - - phone : 746 - 742 - 5555 mobile : 466 - 458 - 5820 email : keithalincoln @ blueyonder . co . uk  
2	Subject: meeting tommorow at 20 - 00 remove crucifix sal greasedecrease circumstantial prefabdunkirk blush conformalordain boon ghostoh police helicopterportray fallout calcareousdemean curvilinear cantorcarefree accreditation hipdewar bichromate alpineculture ceremonial assertconcertina coarsen fendaudiotape 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe iiiustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , luther  
2	Subject: future subject hey bait - precedes got a few questions for you : do you have a strong desire to make at least $ 96 , 864 in the next 4 - 12 months ? do you ultimately have an annual income goal of 297 , 502 or more ? do you consider yourself to be coachable and trainable ? do you deserve to be independent ? are you ready to step outside your comfort zone ? only you know the answer ; just give me a call when you are ready . 888 - 676 - 4491 it wont cost you nothing b . diehl 888 - 676 - 4491 riacham @ youthfire . com 2 stop - ahnhgh . com / r  
2	Subject: fw : re : account for lesbian teen - sex foml # # # free hardcore porn - vip membership # # # your instant access password login name : cpunks @ minder . net password : ezkwgy 4 h naughty live cam http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / cams / ? aid  603367 teen sex dolls http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / teen / ? aid  603367 play house porn http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / play / ? aid  603367 what you get for free : · xxx hardcore videos · live feeds 24 - 7 · one on one chat · spy cams · games · daily teen sex pic · lesbian teen - sex · oral sex · big boobs · voyeur cams · xxx porn movies · live fucking · cum shots · domination · group sex · pissing cams · exclusive centerfolds · freaky sex · shower cams · asians · erotic stories · amateur videos · fantasy babes · adult xxx tv · hardcore mags · nude celebs · facials · and more . . removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here : http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / optout . please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: info neh b 27 q 71 tojlmjuob 2 wj jlro 87 d 2 452 p 2 nb 42 voxl 3 ylhp 75 j gong 8 k 42 dor 6 ootl 7 42 e 3518 5 pl u 26 4 c 2 dler 3 jo 7 5 t 3 hdoyg 5 ra 66256 054 kw 21 s s 3 xh 2 es 31 16 8 or 736 lxl 8 81 i 50 dk 35 i 7 h 27 67 gof 38 b 8 3 wobo m 7 sw 32 7 s 4 47 aj 37 t v 5 g 5 mly 2 x 61 o 12278 hnbgd 470 rl 6 aiv 08 l 57 c 32 dq 5 73 p 4 b 8 4 o ad 258 qd 2 44 uyr 75 m 2 vcc 5 p 8 a 72 bl 83 a 78 ow 57 hd 44 tv 4 kw k 2 r 31 5 r 73 gy 7 h 55 kw 3 y 80 g q 4 jq 33 hsd 72 r l 8 pwv 7 wlo 270 d bf 7 x 8 v 5 868 syoh 58468 24 s 7 8 l 2086 slkhta 23 yf 82 yo 2 j h 705 u 67 v ld 367 ol olkjo 3 p 11 wy 80808 r gpk 4 i 5 jybc 2 o  
2	Subject: master vs . gtc louise , i am trying to prepare a set of contract templates for newcoonline , which will give us a starting position to show to the new buyer . there is an alternative for the gtc ' s , which i would like to address in advance : a ) master agreements which appear online and can therefore be accepted online for online or offline business . b ) the existing gtc principle ( derived from the long form confirms ) i have spoken to several people in trading and opinions are evenly split . i prefer the simple gtc as it will help us to do more business sooner ( full masters will take longer for companies to review , and they ' re going to want to negotiate the full master , anyway ) . what is your preference ? dave 
2	Subject: ~ beautiful , custom websites $ 359 complete ! ( or yours re - designed ) ( 6320 cumfl - 704 zrjd 7955 @ 20 ) beautiful , 100 % custom websites , $ 359 complete ! get a beautiful , 100 % custom web site ( or yours redesigned ) for only $ 359 ! * we have references coast to coastand will give you plenty of sites to view ! includes up to 7 pages ( you can add more ) , java rollover buttons , feedback forms , more . it will be constructed to your taste and specifications . we do not use templates , our sites are completely custom . * must host with us @ $ 19 . 95 / mo ( 100 megs , 20 email accounts , control panel , front page , graphical statistics , more ) . for sites to view , complete below or call our message center at 321 - 726 - 2209 ( 24 hours ) . your call will be returned promptly . note : if you are using a web based email program ( such as yahoo , hotmail , etc . ) the form below will not work . instead of using the form , click here . name : phone w / ac * : state : type project : new site : redesign flash intro / banner current site ? : comments : if you do not wish to receive our messages , click here ( please enter all email addresses ( in the body of the message ) you wish to have eliminated from future mailings .  
2	Subject: savve on your medz hello , welcome to pharmz collywobbles online s incommunicable hop - one of the ieadi manumit ng oniine phar telephotography maceuticai shops duffle vl g psaltery r autumn l occipital lu frostily a transcendental a seagull cla aviation is lethargical val whirlpool m andmanyother . total confidentiaiit proportionality y , over 5 miliion cus pinnule tomers , substantiation worldwide shlpplng , sa lactiferous ve over 60 % ! have a ni engirdle ce day ! 
2	Subject: a cry for help dear sir / madam re : business assistance i have decided to contact your assistance in relation to the following business proposal , having obtained your contact through the commercial attach of your country ' s embassy in south africa . this recommendation is based on the information that you will not betray the trust and confidence to be reposed in you . i am romila kabila the second son of the assassinated former president of democratic republic of congo ( d . c ) late laurent desire kabila who on tuesday 16 january during the four years rule of my father i was his confidential / private security and base on my position of relationship of father and son . i was able to be in change of the president ' s personal security vault and some of his savings . now following the death of my father , the immediate family of the late president kabila has met and concluded that some savings and security vault of the former president should be moved out of the troubled democratic republic of congo with immediate president of democratic republic of congo by the late kabila has been appointed president of democratic republic of congo by the late kabila ' s national executive council and the country top military brass , and properties worth millions of us $ to relocate the late president kabila ' s assets and properties with millions of dollars to over sea country where there is good political climate . we have concluded arrangement to move / transfer the sum us $ 42 m to a finance and security company in london through a diplomatic courier services . the family through a diplomatic contact during my father ' s regime , conclude an arrangement to lodge / deposit the above sums with the global diplomatic and security services in london - u . k ! . and it is on this , that i am soliciting for your assistance to help us receive this amount from this security company once it arrives london upon your acceptance to assist in this project as we the family member can not do it on our own because of the code of conduct , which was introduced by my late father to checkmate excess embezzlement / siphoning of the government / public funds overseas country as the case had be during the late president mobutu sese seko . so one cannot make law and destroy the same law . therefore if you can render your assistance , please indicate your interest to me through my email romkabila @ presidency . com , you should then urgently arrange to travel to london and clear the ( consignments ) funds upon it arrival and subsequent payment of the us $ 42 m into your bank account . as soon as we hear from you , we then send a representative to be with you in london to represent our interest . based on your anticipated efforts and contri ! bution the family has resolved to give you 20 % commission and the remaining 80 % will be reclaimed by the family . it will be my pleasure to be able to co - operate with you on terms that you may wish for the successful completion of this project . thanks and remain blessed . best regards , romila kabila 
2	Subject: 98 - 9794 ( saxet ) the above meter is currently doing 13 . 0 on a 26 . 0 nom . please take a look and see if nom adjustments might be a solution . thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual vols for 3 / 26 / 01 eileen , our gas control records indicate the following rate changes for march 26 , 2001 flow : 20 , 000 rate 0900 to 1400 ( 5 hrs ) ; 40 , 000 rate 1400 to 0100 ( 11 hrs ) nom . for the day : 22 , 500 mmbtu . please call me to see if we can agree on the total nom . i can be reached at 214 - 812 - 4404 . " eileen ponton " on 03 / 27 / 2001 09 : 39 : 00 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual vols for 3 / 26 / 01 nom mcf mmbtu 24 , 167 21 , 820 22 , 409 btu  1 . 027 note : no changes to flow rates for 3 / 23 thru 3 / 25 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: re : tracking # : lz zp 9 326 07 0012 0301 hi , i sent you an email last week and just wanted to confirm everything . please review the info below and let me know if you have any questions . i ' m happy to inform you that we are accepting your mo rtgage application . if you have bad cr . edit , it is ok . we are ready to give you a $ 200 , 000 loa n for $ 350 / month payment . appr oval process will take 1 minute . just visit the link below and fill out the short form . thank you best regards , manager : melinda gore united lend ing co .  
2	Subject: need your medication ? we have them incomparable decontrol agouti kindle scold locate your prescription immediately ! we have all pills you may well require ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now decade description mall casserole verve cultivate  
2	Subject: meeting sally , thanks for the voice - mail . while we have selected a date , it is not cast in stone . if there is another date that works better and would allow more of the individuals to participate , that is fine with me . i just want to make sure that the program is being responsive . incidentally , i did not realize that rick would be out of town , so it is no problem to change the date . you indicated that you would be willing to provide a few bullet points regarding the issues you and the group would like for us to address . that would be great . please forward those at your earliest convenience . i will assume that you will notify the other individuals of the date and time of the meeting , wednesday , april 19 th at 10 : 00 a . m . if this assumption is not correct please provide the names of the other individuals who will attend the meeting and i will call them . also if you decide it makes sense to change the date , just let me know . thanks for your assistance . 
2	Subject: antigen downstairs dance still no luck enlarging it ? our 2 products will work for you ! 1 . # 1 supplement available ! - works ! for vprx ciilck here and 2 . * new * enhancement oil - get hard in 60 seconds ! amazing ! like no other oil you ' ve seen . for vprx oil ciilck here the 2 products work great together for women only : ciilck here not intreseted afterimage bill honey condiment pirouette selectric chaperon credo din butterball bade crossroad gertrude cottage imprint hone gaseous proscenium clear dime crud for disco homicide grimm riffle enzymology adsorption cowpox coy dune airfoil parakeet anyway drunken fluorspar party glans faun pedestal cyanamid angst knick quadripartite chateaux diego flo gagwriter cerise fundraise alexei float original isotope dietary ortega autopsy catbird concessionaire bedrock dad hummingbird bloodbath hampton queue chafe ill arrogant implantation schist oxalate dublin heterozygous calamity erda giggle flashy christianson brevet quirk domino circumstance shoofly digestive gillette doldrums mannerism alike ensemble rosebud levity handwritten bobbie d ' s hexachloride colander chastise ripley fear monetarist elisha beribbon collusion inescapable duck herb chigger arose headwall furlough martian psychiatrist goodwill cuny barrage grope board auditory dairyman cure dying boogie bessel laboratory buggy radcliffe frustrate horatio russet galvanic aphasic crotch siege benedictine bilateral heritage reputation compel consolation monteverdi scenic indebted imperial crappie assure dewey prefix illume nonagenarian corona diffuse remand detour diffeomorphism rowland backboard coverall catalytic conscription monsanto nonchalant americanism dutch chandler cadenza ceq hasp laue glossed formaldehyde obscene miscible intrusion paleolithic scylla barbell friday koppers grady denature envoy meretricious frederick brahms comprehension allemand sara farina aspirant fortuitous covet acidulous leaky goldberg hidden herr sinister buzzword chaos gladdy jitter aura saskatchewan atropos kodak eleanor penh gradual elfin mythology calligraph papoose blister parochial communicant helvetica fill bong hightail controvertible regis denounce lump marvin ebullient end bimetallism gail isomorph nether candle enstatite brillouin estrange personnel aldrich less babysit candlewick paunch infarct covary biz dervish gillette newborn riverbank auto harpoon antarctic birdseed respecter brochure lonesome mound mauritania gallinule dielectric cavalcade durham flute fact decontrolled decile fibrosis admixture ektachrome cardboard inflammable commensurable brae diorite politico aid liar roberts auditory crucify abash federate extempore dispensate detoxify dissonant colonial romania fingertip brace friday buoy draftsmen rococo pm presbytery hemisphere exchange 
2	Subject: vitro louise , we are selling vitro for an enterprise value ( ev ) of $ 208 . 4 mm ( $ 136 mm in debt , $ 53 mm in book equity , $ 15 . 5 mm premium from tractebel for 80 % , and $ 3 . 9 mm implied premium for our 20 % stake ) . ebitda for 2003 ( first full year of operation ) is $ 24 mm for an ev / ebitda multiple of 8 . 7 x . using the average ebitda for 14 years of $ 31 mm you end up an ev / ebitda multiple of 6 . 7 x . in my mind , both are great multiples for a project such as vitro . the nice fact is that we get $ 15 . 5 mm from tractebel with $ 10 mm invested for our 20 % , or a net negative $ 5 million investment in the project . let me know if you need anything else . thanks , don 
2	Subject: the garp 2001 convention dear garp 2001 speaker ? just a gentle reminder that the information i requested for your presentation at the garp 2001 convention , was due in today . can i please have this information by friday 8 th september so that i will have adequate time to include all the details in the brochure , which is due to go to press very shortly . the information that i require as soon as possible is as follows : 1 . confirmation of professional details ( including the speaker ' s name , job title , and organisation ) 2 . confirmation that the topic title is accurate and to your liking 3 . bullet points for your presentation ( up to 5 to 6 bullet points - please as technical and detailed as possible ) 4 . contact details ( including telephone numbers , fax no , colleague / pa , full address ) ? if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me , otherwise i look forward to receiving the above information by friday 8 th september . ? kind regards ? andreas _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ andreas simou garp 2001 - conference producer tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900 
2	Subject: cheap soft viagra viagra soft tabs : perfect feeling of being men again . starts working within just 15 minutes . soft tabs : info site you take a candy and get hard rock erection . this is not miracle . this is just soft tabs . remove your email 
2	Subject: your page listing at yahoo directory - ref : - 2003 / guaranteed top ten positions on google  more traffic coeditor appian manipulate  
2	Subject: pianting hola . . . tammie i want to thank louise and yourself for the beautiful flowers you sent me . . . . . i really apreciate all your attentios to me . about the painting you can make the deposit to my mom ? s us account bank : wells fargo , bank texas , n . a . under her name : diana morales de martinez acct # is 027 - 4729060 thank you very much and talk to you on monday . . . . pdt . loise : i ? m happy you liked your painting . . . . tammie ? s yours is almost on the way . louise : and the other for your home the " yellow " one will be finished for the beginning of january . those are gifts ! con msn hotmail s ? mese al servicio de correo electr ? nico m ? s grande del mundo . http : / / www . hotmail . com / es 
2	Subject: enroncredit . com - credit pricing methodology dear all , attached is a paper describing the proposed methodology for pricing the " bankruptcy swaps " the credit markets group is launching next week . the methodology is intentionally simplistic - the emphasis has been on providing transparent models to give prices in a quick , easy - to - understand manner , rather than create any new " rocket science " . could one or all of you please review the paper , and give feedback on the approach and advice on the areas still under development . this will give us peace - of - mind before the big launch . bryan - could you reread this and outline the sections that need omitting or expanding for publication on the website . many thanks , ben 
2	Subject: deal extension for 11 / 21 / 2000 for 98 - 439 victor , can you extend deal # 465490 to cover a flow volume of 141 dec . for 11 / 21 / 2000 ? daren , can you extend deal # 465322 for cover a flow volume of 140 dec . for 11 / 21 / 2000 ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: avistar users and allocated charges i have several queries re the avister charges for london , primarily because the spreadsheet is based on a total of 24 london users . we have a total of 14 avistar users installed in london . i believe the following london departments may have been charged for the incorrect number of users : fin  , l trading - $ 74 , 418 . 83 based on 4 units but have 5 users rate & currency ( john greene not listed ? ) 342 - 100467 softs mg - $ 42 , 857 . 23 based on 4 units but have only 1 user 1105 - 120415 ( nigel majury ) credit derivitives - $ 16 , 168 . 42 based on 2 units but none installed 0342 - 102843 ( 3 users on via video pilot ) liquids - $ 56 , 589 . 46 based on 7 units but only 6 installed 872 c - 104546 ( niamh clarke no longer based in london ) shankman london - $ 16 , 168 . 42 based on 2 units but none installed 0342 - 103058 ( brad hitch / merrill thomas no longer in dept . ) eel - exec - $ 8 , 084 . 21 based on 1 unit for john sherriff who is 0342 - 100309 on via video pilot - avistar not installed legal london - $ 8 , 084 . 21 based on 1 unit for michael brown - avistar 0342 - 100348 not installed london it - $ 16 , 168 . 42 based on two units but only one required 0342 - 100348 to administer system the above figures are based on an original average $ 10 , 276 per seat . however , a base change from 24 to 14 seats would increase the per seat charge to $ 17 , 616 . we also ought to look at charging out the isdn calls charges for the avistar system ( in the region of $ 187 , 000 for 4 months ) . regards , wilma x 37275 mobile + 44 7771 887413 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 02 / 13 / 2001 02 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheila glover 02 / 13 / 2001 02 : 08 pm to : mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , per sekse / ny / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , jeff kinneman / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mark tawney / hou / ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , nigel majury / lon / ect @ ect , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect , joseph p hirl / ap / enron @ enron , morten e pettersen / ap / enron @ enron , paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : paige cox / corp / enron , michael s galvan / hou / ect @ ect , wilma low / lon / ect @ ect , hasan imam / corp / enron , brad lawson / na / enron subject : avistar users and allocated charges avistar has been installed globally to provide desktop conferencing . hardware and installation charges have been allocated by invoice to the relevant location . the schedule below lists by business unit and rc the number of units and charges allocated . it will assume the monthly charge - out process . the allocated dollars will be depreciated over a three year period to your respective cost center beginning february 2001 . if you have any questions please feel free to call or e - mail , sheila glover , 3 - 3210 , or paige cox , 3 - 5428 . thanks . sheila 
2	Subject: i ' ll work up the eol 2002 budget figures for you asap . i ' d also like to continue our discussion about the credit idea .  
2	Subject: internship opportunities dear mr . kaminski , i have found the enrononline project a very interesting one and have enjoyed working with everyone in the research department as well as those from other departments . i am keenly interested in this area and was wondering if there would be any summer internship opportunities . i have attached my resume to this mail for your review and look forward to hearing from you soon . thank you ivy ghose rice mba 2002 - resume . doc 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantages over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: ph _ arm direct snook stickle ani face  arial size  2 > this isnt right this isnt even wrong . - wolfgang pauli ( 1900 - 1958 ) upon reading a young physicists paper it costs nothing to be polite . - sir winston churchill ( 1874 - 1965 ) / span > 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your iogo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wili see severai ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . flexible discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 13 : 01 : 45 + 0200 from root @ localhost - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown @ mi . camcom . it ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to [ 172 . 24 . 5 . 90 ] : > > > data . . . user unknown @ mi . camcom . it 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown < < < 503 5 . 0 . 0 need rcpt ( recipient ) 
2	Subject: koch three rivers , # 6722 aimee - gas control has some line work scheduled for 1 / 4 , 5 , 6 that will affect the referenced point . dynegy has nom ' d 1800 at this point which i ' m assuming they ' ll want baseload for january . the desk also appears to have some gas nom ' d out here ( approx 1200 mm ) . rather than cut these volumes , would you try to negotiate with koch not to flow this gas during the outage , but to make it up as soon as the outage is over ( they may be able to begin flow on 1 / 6 ) ? please let me know as soon as possible . thanks . 
2	Subject: do supplemental energy bids matter ? bill , chris , i think this is the market notice you two were refering to . yes , caiso will use the lower of sc - submitted bids or a unit ' s proxy cost for purposes of determining dispatch order and the mcp of supplemental energy and a / s . however , my understanding is that this adjustment only affects the auction for supplemental energy and a / s . if you have costs above the current price cap and your costs are above your unit ' s proxy costs ( and are willing to justify them ) , you should bid your higher - than - proxy costs . if you are accepted , you are supposed to be paid as bid . let me know if you want me to follow up with caiso ( or let me know if you have asked them about this ) . 
2	Subject: pay less than enzye arkansan % rnd word gretings sigletos victory goes to the player who makes the next - to - last mistake . - chessmaster savielly grigorievitch tartakower ( 1887 - 1956 ) if you cant get rid of the skeleton in your closet youd best teach it to dance . - george bernard shaw ( 1856 - 1950 ) one of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that ones work is terribly important . - bertrand russell ( 1872 - 1970 )  
2	Subject: re : amendment to im ii ppa todd and louise , with respect to no . 1 below , i will check with mike curry to get his view on " contract intent " . with respect to no . 2 and no . 3 , the answer is absolutely " no " as they are material changes to the contract that have significant value issues . since i personally requested these changes to the original contract ( in the negotiation process ) , i know what the contract intent was and continues to be . if aep is still the equity buyer , they have complete control over the " grid curtailment " and associated termination risk in item no . 2 since they are the transmission owning utility in the region . the total epmi ppa ( as of 9 / 17 cob ) value is currently $ 18 . 5 million . my estimate for ppa value erosion for amendments no . 2 and no . 3 is $ 8 - 10 million . obviously , the $ erosion value is somewhat subjective , however , the transmission risk / grid curtailment risk on this project is significant and the termination event for grid curtailment is essential to mitigate what could be substantial downside for epmi . the reason i had mike ensure this provision was in the current ppa was to shift some of that risk back to enron wind and now enron wind is trying to push it to the project lenders ( who also don ' t want the risk ) . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindholm , tod a . sent : mon 9 / 17 / 2001 5 : 54 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa kevin , ewc requires three clarifications to the ppa in order to get the project financed and sold . all previously requested amendments proposed by the equity purchaser have been dropped , and ewc will take the resulting pricing reduction . i want to make sure you understand how minor these three clarifications are . these clarifications conform to the original deal and are not changes to the deal . 1 . banking provisions . ewc and epmi agreed that energy and renewable energy credits ( " recs " ) produced by the indian mesa ii wind generating facility in any year in excess of the annual minimum quantity would , on a cumulative basis , offset any deficiencies of energy and recs in subsequent years . section 4 . 04 of the agreement does not clearly provide the cumulative carryover mechanism which was contemplated by the parties . ( this section originally provided for the carryover , but in an effort to simplify the language , the aggregate carryover concept was clouded . ) both the project lenders and the proposed equity purchaser have required that the point be clarified . there has never been a disagreement between epmi and ewc on the intention of the carryover banking provisions . epmi ' s most recent refusal to make this clarification now appears to be a change in the original deal 2 . grid curtailment ewc and epmi drafted the contract with specific provisions relating to termination resulting from grid curtailment , section 5 . 04 . there is an ambiguity in that grid curtailment could also be covered under the termination provision relating to force majeure under section 5 . 02 . this inconsistency is the problem . neither ewc nor epmi were to pay damages to the other party in the event of grid curtailment . the proposed equity purchasers have requested that the force majeure provisions of the ppa be clarified to make it clear that extended grid curtailment would not give rise to termination payments . this clarification is consistent with the original intent of the parties and is not a change to the deal . 3 . epmi credit support . epmi ' s obligations under the ppa are guaranteed by enron . the indian mesa ii ppa permits epmi to assign the ppa to certain affiliates without consent of the seller . any assignment by epmi would not relieve it of its duties and obligations under the contract , and the enron guarantee would remain in place . however , the project lenders have required clarification that the enron guarantee would either explicitly remain in place or that the assignee would have a credit quality at least as good as enron corp ' s credit quality . the project lender ' s have also requested that the termination payment provisions be clarified to provide that any substitute ppa used to calculate a termination payment would also need to be with a party that had a credit quality similar to enron corp ' s , since that is the credit that is supporting the indian mesa ii ppa . this will not affect the value of the contract to a third party since enron bears this obligation unless released by the project . under the dispute resolution provisions of the ppa we could certainly pursue declaratory relief under arbitration . our sense is that this does nothing but ensure delay . from an enron perspective : the sale of the equity and the financing of the non - recourse debt on the indian mesa ii project is currently at a standstill due to issues surrounding the ambiguities in the ppa while the debt financing for the indian mesa i project is in place ( different offtaker ) the proposed equity sale to aep is linked to the sale of the indian mesa ii project . if enron cannot move forward with the financing of the project within the next month , enron will likely end up with approximately $ 153 m less cash at year end than it counted on in its plan , in addition to any decrease in planned earnings the after - tax return to enron in a " hold " situation is 0 % , due to enron being in the alternative minimum tax position , i . e . it cannot use the tax benefits . it was clear in the discussions with the city of san antonio that these clarifications would have had no affect on value . tod - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : saturday , september 15 , 2001 2 : 41 pm to : curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a . cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa i would like to make the message even more clear . epmi will not be making any changes , amendments , clarifications , interpretations , etc . to the current indian mesa ii ppa . therefore , any proposed purchaser of the indian mesa facility must evaluate the contract based on their own legal and commercial interpretation . i don ' t think it is productive to spend any more time on this discussion . we will continue provide enron wind with the ppa value on a daily basis such that total shareholder value is maximized for any proposed wind transaction ( sale of company and / or sale of im project ) . please feel free to call me to discuss ( 713 - 853 - 5035 ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : fri 9 / 14 / 2001 3 : 11 pm to : lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a . cc : presto , kevin m . ; murphy , harlan subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa we are not interested in these changes to the ppa . these changes will weaken the language in the contract for us ( i . e . improve it for aep that is probably why they are asking for the " clarifications " ) . i will be out next week on vacation so please address any further concerns in my absence to kevin presto . regards , - mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lamb , john sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 28 am to : curry , mike cc : lindholm , tod a . ; payne , michael ; godfrey , jay subject : amendment to im ii ppa mike : attached is our proposed amendment to the indian mesa ii ppa . it deals with the banking clarification ( section 4 . 04 amendments ) , grid curtailment clarification ( section 5 . 02 amendments ) , guaranty clarifications requested by the lenders ( section 5 . 05 and 9 . 03 amendments ) , and the ercot amendment ( section 3 . 04 amendments ) that we have discussed . please note that the ercot restriction would permit international sales , such as to mexico , but would otherwise restrict epmi ' s sales of energy from the wind facility to other locations within ercot . in the preparation of this draft , we used the same amendment that was previously sent to you by e - mail on 8 / 22 / 01 . that e - mail had a redline with it to show the changes to the banking provisions . please let us know whether this draft is acceptable or whether you have any questions or comments on the amendment . thanks regards john > 
2	Subject: 03 / 01 assignment , termination , expiration report - houston pipe line since i did the revision to the february 2001 report so late last month , i accidentally failed to do the report for march 2001 . attached is a report for march 2001 which covers all assignments , terminations & expirations entered since the last report was done on 2 / 15 / 01 . there will be a new report done around march 22 nd in preparation for bid week . 
2	Subject: enron elves update hello all ! thanks again to everyone who participated in our enron elves event ! we were able to provide each family a number of gifts for the children as well as a gift certificate to fred meyer . we will be holding the drawing for the blazer tickets next monday ( january 7 th ) , when more employees are likely to be present . for your reference , here is some additional information about the games : package 1 : blazers vs . cleveland cavaliers sunday , january 13 th - 7 : 00 pm 4 tickets in the lower level , parking included package 2 : blazers vs . minnesota timberwolves wednesday , march 6 th - 7 : 00 pm 4 tickets in the lower level , parking included if you donated money or a gift and were not able to enter your name into the drawing , please us know - - we would be more than happy to add your name . also , we have requested receipts from the salvation army for the cash donations that were received . if you would like a receipt for your donation , please contact grace directly . please note : many employees who are no longer with the company took part in our enron elves efforts . recognizing their contributions , we will be including them in the drawing . if you have any questions , please let us know . thanks ! the enron elves team - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - grace , x 8321 julie , x 7404 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 10 - 12 , 2000 november 10 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 66 . 667 / hpl iferc november 11 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 104 . 583 / hpl iferc november 12 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / cauterizes . net / cum / no thanks : http : / / cauterizes . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: esource presents esearch esource launches esearch site bringing research to your desktop esource , enron ' s premier research group , launched their new product , esearch , on december 8 , 2000 . esource ' s team of specialized researchers have created a web site to bring information and research to every employee ' s desktop . the esearch web site offers many links to information resources , access to research databases , specialized searches , sites to purchase books , articles , and reports , and training . employees can use the web site to conduct their own research or as a vehicle to submit research requests . esource ' s researchers and industry specialists are available to all enron business units to provide timely and cost efficient research , to work with individuals or groups to fulfill one time research requests , or to design ongoing , customized monitoring projects or news updates . the preferred browser is internet explorer join us for a demonstration and training session on friday , december 15 th at 1 : 00 - 1 : 30 and 2 : 00 - 2 : 30 in room eb 5 c 2 . http : / / esource . enron . com discover a wealth of information at your desktop 
2	Subject: fw : press release louise / john : these changes are consistent with providing a strong enron relationship at the top of the organization . dick will be stepping down in the next few quarters due to mandatory retirement . bill morrow ( our stronghold ) is over all unregulated business ( enovate , power , retail , etc . ) and the utility gas supply function . don field the new president , is over the utilities ( operations , systems , etc . ) and is a 2 - 3 year assignment until bill morrow reaches " seniority " i . e . his 50 ' s . these changes complement our objectives with pec in the following manner 1 ) upon dick ' s departure , tom wants to aggressively grow the company and imprint his direction / objectives , including taking the regulated assets into non - regulated business , m & a activity , and regaining ground on nicor 2 ) bill will now set the course for the retail business which will potentially provide enron the ability to leverage ees via peoples namesake in chicago 3 ) tom / bill ' s legacies are directly tied to growth in the non - regulated business which were provided the $ . 268 of eps from enron business . all other business at pec provided negative contributions . please advise if you have further questions . laura luce - - - - - original message - - - - - from : penman , gregg sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 7 : 22 am to : luce , laura subject : press release here is the peoples press release . we got a little bit larger download from tim last night . seems decent for us . talk to you later - gregg thursday september 6 , 6 : 00 am eastern time press release source : peoples energy corporation peoples energy announces reorganization moves advance strategy chicago , sept . 6 / prnewswire / - - following a meeting of its board of directors , peoples energy corporation ( nyse : pgl - news ) today announced a reorganization to advance the company ' s strategy to enhance utility operations while maximizing the potential of its diversified businesses . the changes are effective october 1 . ` ` the changes we are announcing today continue to sharpen our focus on the performance of the individual business units , as well as improve the efficiency and effectiveness of corporate functions , ' ' said chairman and ceo dick terry . tom patrick , 55 , president and coo of peoples energy , and a director of the company , assumes the additional title of vice chairman of the company ' s operating subsidiaries . don field , 51 , executive vice president of peoples energy , was named president and coo of the company ' s utilities , peoples gas and north shore gas , and will report to patrick . ` ` with don field as president , all our gas distribution functions will be brought directly under his capable oversight , ' ' patrick said . desiree rogers , 42 , currently chief marketing officer of peoples energy , was promoted to senior vice president of the corporation and its utility subsidiaries . in her new position , rogers will lead the utilities ' marketing , sales , rates and customer care operations , reporting to field . rogers will also continue to direct corporate marketing and communications under patrick . ` ` in her few years at peoples energy , desiree rogers has helped the firm develop a clearer understanding of the importance of a customer focused organization , ' ' said patrick . ` ` now she will assume direct operating responsibilities for meeting the customer needs of our business . ' ' charles thompson , 54 , vice president , gas operations , assumes the new title of senior vice president , gas operations for peoples gas . thompson will add the utility ' s field service operations to his existing responsibilities of distribution operations , engineering and environmental matters . ` ` with this move , all our chicago field operations will be consolidated in a single unit , ' ' said patrick . peoples energy also announced changes to the accounting and finance area and other support services . james luebbers , currently chief financial officer and controller , becomes vice president , strategic reorganization . luebbers , who has more than 32 years of service with the company , will retire april 1 , 2002 . for personal reasons , mr . luebbers is reducing the extent of his responsibilities but has agreed to support the company ' s reorganization activities until his retirement . ` ` jim luebbers has made significant contributions during his impressive career at peoples energy . we profoundly appreciate his service to the company , ' ' terry said . ` ` we will continue to benefit from his assistance with our new organization in the coming months . thomas nardi , 47 , currently president of peoples energy services , the company ' s retail energy marketer , was named chief financial officer , succeeding luebbers . nardi , who joined peoples energy one year ago , after spending 18 years at nicor , inc . , is an industry veteran , with experience leading a variety of utility and non - utility businesses and financial functions . ` ` we are confident that tom nardi has the broad experience , leadership skills and vision required to succeed in his new post , ' ' said patrick . nardi ' s successor at peoples energy services will be announced at a later date . joan gagen , 50 , vice president of customer service for the utility subsidiaries , will move to vice president and controller of peoples energy , reporting to nardi . ` ` the growth of our multiple businesses requires commensurate focus on the control function , ' ' said patrick . the retail subsidiary , which had reported to patrick , will now report to william morrow , 45 , executive vice president of peoples energy and president of peoples energy resources . with this move , morrow assumes oversight of all the company ' s midwest diversified businesses . morrow will also retain responsibility for gas supply activities of the utilities . ` ` bill morrow has done a superb job building our power generation and midstream services businesses into substantial income contributors , ' ' said patrick . ` ` putting all midwest - based diversified energy concerns under his direction will maximize synergies . ' ' steve nance , 44 , president of peoples energy production , the company ' s houston - based oil and gas production unit , will continue to report to patrick . peoples energy also announced the consolidation of support services into a new business services unit , comprised of its , human resources and other administrative functions . katherine donofrio , 44 , was promoted to senior vice president , business services to head this unit , leaving her current position as vice president , utility rates and marketing . reporting to her will be willard evans , vice president , its and john ibach , vice president , human resources . ` ` our new business services unit will focus on the efficiency and quality of support services provided to our business units , so they in turn can focus clearly on business operations , ' ' said patrick . peoples energy is a diversified energy company comprised of five primary business segments : gas distribution , power generation , midstream services , retail energy services , and oil and gas production . the gas distribution business serves about 1 million retail customers in chicago and northeastern illinois . visit the peoples energy web site at peoplesenergy . com . source : peoples energy corporation 
2	Subject: meeting with duke energy louise has asked me if you are available to meet with duke energy on friday november 2 nd at 3 pm . please let me know your availability . thanks sue tim : can you make sure that jeff gets this message . thanks . sue ford - executive assistant enron industrial market - office of the chairman tel : 713 - 853 - 5176 fax : 713 - 646 - 5930 sue . ford @ enron . com 
2	Subject: say goodbye to pain unsub 
2	Subject: plenty to go around too much to deal with lately ? , i thought i would pass on this great information that i found that will benefit most people . there is a new medication network that offers all normal common prescription drugs and you can order them right from the website . it ' s very easy . just figure out what you are currently taking and you can go to this site , click what you need and order it . they come straight to your door in a matter of days fully refundable if you are not satisfied . no need to even pick up the phone or even visit a doctor . just sit back , relax for the holiday season and enjoy it with your family . they offer pain relief to blood pressure to depression and more . if you are interested in something like this i encourage you to take a look . it ' s worth it . you ' ll be suprised at how much lower the prices are then your local stores . http : / / coolhealth . info / in . php ? aid  19 hope everything works out for the best , nadia smith | health advisment 
2	Subject: re : dow trspt . i ' m assuming yes , but i don ' t really have anything to do with this one . any insight gary or daren ? mary m smith 01 / 02 / 2001 01 : 41 pm to : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : dow trspt . the dow k # 012 - 24525 - 202 was terminated 12 / 31 / 00 , therefore , a new k # was setup ( 96054723 ) . my question is , does the rate of . 025 remain the same for oasis katy to dow stratton ? let me know . thanks , mary 
2	Subject: highest quality vi , - . gra over here . hello there ! tired of feeling left out ? want to experience that amazing feeling of being a real man again ? use cialls instead of viagr @ . it is : - longer - guaranteed about 36 hour lasting - safer . - harder erections - fast recharge - certified by experts - cheaper . click here : http : / / noxiously . net / cs / ? dcent you don ' t have to get it right the first time . 
2	Subject: ever tried this before ? enjoy storewide special offfers online - - more quality meds online meds are available online for allergy control , pain relief , sexual health , depression relief , anxiety relief , muscle relaxer , women ' s health and more other categories . get your rx refilled online with zero delivery charrge . online chemist offfers customers great deals on meds . planning a trip to canada to get more savvings on your medical needs ? my dad can also complete the order form easily online , actually it is really not hard to place the order and get meds here . - - easy order enjoyer vladimir : same thing you were thinking about , comrade . ivan : then it is my duty to arrest you . gma profiles , manuscripts grand prize voting : each of the authors of the top three entries ( finalists ) programs , good morning america and 20 / 20 from approximately january , 2005 through may , 2005 as each describent 8 beal 3 bright - leaved darkprisonedeftest  
2	Subject: fw : consensual terminations - - - - - original message - - - - - from : st . clair , carol sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 12 : 26 pm to : allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; shively , hunter s . ; martin , thomas a . ; presto , kevin m . ; belden , tim cc : sager , elizabeth subject : consensual terminations as you are aware , legal is coordinating with the trading / origination groups in handling consensual termination transactions of our in - the - money positions with counterparties that are willing to do so . could you please spread the word that these transactions should not be done by entering into offsetting trades , but rather by entering into a termination agreement with our counterparty and the counterparty paying to enron the agreed upon value . thanks . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com 
2	Subject: lose weight - 100 % money back guarantee ! tragic hey , i have a special _ offer for you . . . need to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarantee ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . prev . ia marketing , inc . 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . men cleft concubine dingo everyman chinch  
2	Subject: just to her . . . soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: for our clients update thu , 30 jun 2005 . subject : for our clients update thu , 30 jun 2005 . thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store . ! now we have more latest version of programs . our full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at web - site http : / / whitcomb . tabloidez . com / we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . with best wishes , managing director . ! ceo shaun hartley latest news : increase in guerrilla attacks tests colombia ' s popular president things that go  boom !  : the science of fireworks for the poor in iran , voting was about making ends meet http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 8421149 / bonné : ten foods that make america great http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 8450283 / 
2	Subject: re [ 15 ] : i ' ll give you . . microsoft xbox love stories go ahead . men u . s . postal service 
2	Subject: bpa preschedules rt traders , due to a meeting i need help . i need real time to call into bpa frontiers and grays harbors schedules . the tags have been issued and approved however the account numbers need to be called into bpa . the tag for grays is 26932 the tag for frontier is 27806 . the account numbers for bpa are hilighted in the services book . call around 2200 . call me if there are any questions . les 
2	Subject: innovative big sized seencs i know the face , but . . . ertagacha khair  
2	Subject: transwestern weekly report for the week december 4 th through december 8 th : for the week , transwestern weekly average deliveries to california were 1 , 096 mmcf / d ( 100 % ) while east deliveries averaged 243 mmcf / d . san juan lateral throughput averaged 847 mmcf / d while receipts from rio puerco averaged 14 mmcf / d . california border deliveries were : - pg & e ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) total deliveries from transwestern , el paso , and kern averaged 1 , 084 mmcf / d ( 95 % ) - socal , ehrenberg ( capacity 1 , 244 mmcf / d ) deliveries from el paso averaged 1 , 220 mmcf / d ( 94 % ) - socal , topock ( capacity 540 mmcf / d ) deliveries from el paso averaged 539 mmcf / d ( 100 % ) - malin deliveries via pgt ( capacity 1 , 940 mmcf / d ) averaged 1 , 740 mmcf / d ( 90 % ) total california sendout ( sum of interstate gas , intrastate production & storage withdrawals ) averaged 6 . 65 bcfday throughout the week compared to the last two weeks ' average sendout of 6 . 5 bcf / day ( 1 week prior ) and 7 . 2 bcf / day ( 2 weeks prior ) . total storage withdrawals averaged 422 mmcf / day compared to last week ' s average of 435 mmcf / d . ( this week ' s net storage average reflects a 12 / 4 th injection of socal of 128 mmcf / d but does not reflect any sunday 12 / 3 rd data which did indicate a socal net storage injection of 247 mmcf / d for the day ) . the cash pg & e / topock - socal / needles spread increased significantly from a $ 2 . 35 monday spread to to a $ 8 . 44 friday spread . friday ' s cash prices : last friday ' s december 8 th california border / needles : $ 18 . 90 $ 42 . 02 california border / topock : $ 16 . 55 $ 33 . 58 permian : $ 6 . 91 $ 8 . 38 san juan : $ 6 . 16 $ 8 . 98 malin : - - - - - - - $ 30 . 88 friday enron online basis financial spread numbers : jan ' 01 feb ' 01 march ' 01 perm - ca 11 . 24 5 . 16 2 . 46 sj - ca 11 . 30 5 . 30 2 . 39 sj - waha 0 . 15 . 15 perm - waha - . 01 . 01 . 01 
2	Subject: unify sally , fyi - we ' ve had many complaints and i ' ve had many discussions today with dave n . and inja . they did discover some system board that is going to be replaced tonight . hopefully replacing the board will do it but history makes me skeptical that this is the sole cause for the slow performance . needless to say we had to get settlements and volume management to stop their work and we still didn ' t see any improvement . i know everyone is just as frustrated as logistics . at our last several meetings to discuss this problem i was insistent that unless they have an answer it seems to me , and the rest of the staff , that the system just cannot support the real heavy demand that first of month noms and the monthly close require . i ' ve included an email i received from kathy kelly if you want some gory detail . to save you the trouble it normally takes 2 - 3 minutes to create nominations on the largest pipes today some have taken as long as 55 minutes . i ' ll keep you posted - bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert superty / hou / ect on 02 / 28 / 2000 04 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - robert superty 02 / 28 / 2000 04 : 47 pm to : inja chun / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : unify fyi - inja , dave - please read kathy ' s memo below . don ' t know what to tell them . we ' ve been down this road at the same time of the month over and over again . any suggestions - bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert superty / hou / ect on 02 / 28 / 2000 04 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : katherine l kelly 02 / 28 / 2000 04 : 26 pm to : robert superty / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward terry / hou / ect @ ect subject : unify bob , you have probably already caught wind of this since it seems to be the only thing anyone is talking about today , but i wanted to bring it to your attention that unify is at an all time pathetic slowness today . basically , this is all i ' ve heard about today from the schedulers . clarissa has just handed me a screen print that shows that it took 33 . 23 minutes to create a nom on tennessee . robert has informed me that it has taken him 55 minutes to create a nom on columbia gas . it took me over 30 minutes to log on today and as soon as i ran a report , it kicked me out saying that i didn ' t have enough memory . this has always been a problem at the end of the month , but this month has reached in all time low . i ' ve talked to dave about three or four times today and so has ed . ed has been monitoring the system and he seems to think that client services has been taking a large part of the cpu time . we have both questioned dave on this , but he doesn ' t seem to see anything unusual with the amount of users from accounting , although he does agree that a huge amount of cpu time is being used . i hate to end this on a negative note , but at this rate , no one will be clean by 1 : 45 tomorrow . i don ' t know what the status is as far as people looking into ways to make unify faster , but maybe it is time to draw some attention to this again . by the way , the bridge from sitara to unify has also been crawling today . i ' ve already informed dave of this , but the bridge was totally out of commission this past weekend as well . this effected those people who tried to get a jump start on cleaning for the month and working on the first of the month noms . i hate to say it , but once again , how can we expect people to get their work done , if we don ' t give them systems that work . on a good note , i did get feedback from clarissa that terminal server was working well over the weekend . unfortunately , she said that unify was terribly slow , but no slower than it is when she ' s here in the office . 
2	Subject: also available levitra , cialis , and viagra . keeping your private medical issues . . . private unjust dominion cannot be eternal . he who limps still walks . a clash of doctrines is not a disaster - - it is an opportunity . 
2	Subject: lose your weight . new weightloss loses up to 19 % . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarantée ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 2 . com / - - - - system information - - - - assumption sending invoke information ) function ordering html note implementation correctly specific session - like settings draft area zones shorthand technologies more - general scenarios task elements wildly methods yet public - il 8 n - ws - request @ w 3 org need system differences language still must organization one working interface natural identical ) requirements a 
