2	Subject: male multi orgazzsm pill multiple male orgasms more info here while qg brainchild jf marrietta pdo history ko collegial kh abreast hub sift cl conferee jdy midwestern cmw alkane ow obscene dcv doll xtk cecilia uh tetrahedral pkd domesday esv expatiate oqn sheaf wl thiamin sla decease kww bonze zd chugging otj labyrinth fk admonition dzn parishioner yqb lakehurst hm dinnerware amc decipher pj bit yo no  
2	Subject: enron mentions enron looks for investors , but finds them skittish the new york times , 11 / 07 / 01 companies & finance the americas - companies scale back enron business financial times , 11 / 07 / 01 enron ' s weaknesses threaten industry los angeles times , 11 / 07 / 01 s america ' s freer markets - - - one burst bubble vs . two the wall street journal , 11 / 07 / 01 a war casualty ? ; the experts say supplies are safe , but the longer the afghan fight , the greater the risk newsweek , 11 / 12 / 01 enron cancels meeting with dabhol power lenders on court action bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 india : update 1 - india lenders seek court action over enron plant . reuters english news service , 11 / 07 / 01 enron india : dabhol pwr lenders ' singapore mtg canceled dow jones energy service , 11 / 07 / 01 india : tata power may ask lenders for loan write - off in dpc business line ( the hindu ) , 11 / 07 / 01 path paved for due diligence by tata and bses business standard , 11 / 07 / 01 domestic lenders file lawsuit against enron ' s indian unit agence france - presse , 11 / 07 / 01 former enron ceo testifies before sec tuesday - exec dow jones energy service , 11 / 06 / 01 usa : wrapup - enron shares sink as company looks for cash . reuters english news service , 11 / 06 / 01 usa : buyout funds flock to enron ? might be a pipe dream . reuters english news service , 11 / 06 / 01 usa : enron shows few signs of restoring battered image . reuters english news service , 11 / 06 / 01 playing the flux with enron realmoney . com , 11 / 06 / 01 look ahead instead of looking for market justice realmoney . com , 11 / 06 / 01 business / financial desk ; section c enron looks for investors , but finds them skittish by richard a . oppel jr . and andrew ross sorkin 11 / 07 / 2001 the new york times page 2 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company enron ' s attempt to quietly line up a big - name investor to demonstrate its financial strength seems to have backfired . overtures to several prominent investors have failed to turn up any takers , sending the stock to a new low yesterday . uncertainty about the impact of enron ' s troubles have also prompted one big energy trader to unwind some positions . representatives of enron , the energy trading company based in houston , have approached warren e . buffett , the chairman of berkshire hathaway , but he decided not to pursue a major investment in the company , according to a person close to the talks . part of mr . buffett ' s reluctance was an unwillingness to sign a confidentiality agreement with the company that would preclude him from trading in enron ' s debt , the person said . officials of berkshire hathaway did not return phone calls tuesday . more than a dozen buyout firms , including clayton , dubilier the blackstone group , and kohlberg kravis roberts , have expressed little interest , according to a person close to the talks . the g . e . capital unit of general electric has also been approached , this person said , and has not ruled out an investment . officials from all of the companies declined comment or did not return telephone calls . the overtures were reported tuesday by the wall street journal . although it used its pipeline assets last week to secure a $ 1 billion credit line , the company ' s ability to obtain additional financing is unclear to investors . shares of enron fell $ 1 . 50 yesterday to $ 9 . 67 , the lowest since 1992 . enron could lose its investment - grade credit rating . if it did , traders might shift their business elsewhere because of additional risk . a ratings cut could also trigger early redemption of debt that enron has guaranteed , forcing the company to issue tens of millions of new shares to cover the debt . moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s rate enron two notches above ' ' junk ' ' status , while fitch investors service lowered it this week to just one notch above junk . fitch cited ' ' the difficulties enron faces in managing its liquidity position in the face of an erosion in investor confidence ' ' and said that it would consider further downgrades . the company ' s prospects are further clouded by an investigation into enron ' s finances by the securities and exchange commission . on tuesday , officials with the milken institute said jeffrey k . skilling , enron ' s former chief executive officer who resigned in august , had to cancel a seminar appearance because he had to go to washington . a spokesman for mr . skilling said he was not in washington today , but that he was planning to answer questions from the s . e . c . according to a person close to the company , enron hopes within the next week to outline publicly the various off - balance - sheet debts and related - party transactions that have drawn the attention of the s . e . c . officials with other large energy companies , including duke energy , dynegy inc . and reliant inc . , declined comment tuesday on whether they have had discussions about making an investment in enron . a senior executive at the el paso corporation , the houston natural gas giant with a market capitalization that is now three times that of enron , said the company might be interested in acquiring assets from enron but was unlikely to do a large transaction . ' ' we like companies that have hard assets , ' ' said the executive , adding that no talks were under way about asset purchases , although the executive said el paso officials believe enron will survive this crisis . large energy traders said tuesday that they are still doing business with enron , though they continue to watch the situation very closely . some executives also said some energy producers may be steering business away from enron and to other traders and marketers . an enron spokesman said that transaction volume remains unchanged in the company ' s north american natural gas and power business - - which accounts for more than 90 percent of the company ' s trading . officials at one of the largest independent natural gas producers , the apache corporation of houston , said they have unwound nearly all of their hedges on gas prices in the last few days over concerns about what would happen to the marketplace for energy derivatives if enron collapsed . apache , like many gas producers , had entered into financial contracts allowing it to sell natural gas at set prices . with the steep drop in prices this year , apache has large paper gains on those contracts . apache has been able to unwind all but one hedge , a complicated transaction that involves enron and other parties , said ray plank , apache ' s chairman . the primary reason for unwinding the hedges , he said , ' ' is that the market is having to digest the major impact of enron ' s credit problems . ' ' apache has about a gain of about $ 70 million from the various transactions , he said . ' ' we ' ve got a stack of chips in front of us , and we decided we ' d take them and get out of the game . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - companies scale back enron business by robert clow , julie earle and sheila mcnulty . 11 / 07 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved energy houston company feels commercial impact of continuing public relations crisis . counterparties are starting to withdraw their business from enron , in an early sign that the embattled company ' s trading business could be adversely affected by the company ' s continuing public relations crisis . aquila said it had been reducing its exposure to enron for some time because of its risk limits . the company ' s risk - management controls have obliged it to scale down exposure to enron as dealing with the houston - based energy trader has come to be considered more of a risk . separately , apache , an oil company , said it was closing out of some of the hedges it had put on with enron . raymond plank , apache chairman and chief executive , said his company was now pulling back from all hedging , including those with enron . " if they have 25 per cent of the market , and they continue to have the problems which are evident daily , they could start a tidal wave , which could affect other elements of the futures market , " he said . mr plank added that apache was also to stop selling enron crude oil , the only other business it did with the energy company . " we don ' t want the credit risk , " he said . an enron spokesman said aquila remained one of enron ' s most prominent counterparties , though he added that he could not comment about whether aquila might have reduced its credit exposure to enron . apache is a small customer in what , for enron , is a small business , he added . enron has been under pressure since october 16 , when management announced that the company had incurred a $ 1 . 01 bn charge and $ 1 . 2 bn reduction of shareholders ' equity as a result of some off - balance sheet dealings . the company has also become the subject of a securities and exchange commission investigation as a result of those dealings . since that announcement the company ' s share price has fallen more than 50 per cent and enron ' s long - term debt has been downgraded by all three leading credit rating agencies . but despite the pr crisis , enron has repeatedly stressed that its core trading business has been performing well . enron counterparties ' growing wariness comes at a time of continuing nervousness over the company ' s balance sheet . one of the company ' s first actions after the initial announcement was to draw down $ 3 . 3 bn of bank lines to protect itself against fickle commercial - paper lenders spurning it . then , earlier this week , enron followed that up by raising $ 1 bn from a secured credit line co - arranged by jp morgan chase and citigroup . at the time of the new bank deal , an official close to the bank group described the funds as " comfort " funds which the company could simply " stack up in the lobby " , in order to reassure investors . unfortunately , the loan does not seem to have reassured investors as much as was hoped . enron is now talking to private equity firms , including the blackstone group , about supporting it with a $ 2 bn investment . off - balance sheet entities affiliated to enron owe $ 8 bn - $ 9 bn in debt . enron itself is carrying $ 12 . 8 bn in debt . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk enron ' s weaknesses threaten industry james flanigan ; nancy rivera brooks times staff writers 11 / 07 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company executives in the energy industry voiced concern tuesday at the continuing decline in the value and credit rating of enron corp . and questioned how long chief executive kenneth lay will keep his job . enron ' s stock slumped to its lowest point in 91 / 2 years on reports that the houston - based energy giant is stumping for a cash infusion of $ 2 billion or more . the fear among executives across many energy sectors is that enron ' s ability to maintain markets in contracts for electricity and natural gas would collapse under the weight of its falling credit standing and the growing reluctance of other energy companies to do business with it . enron is the world ' s largest trader of energy contracts , taking in more than $ 140 billion in revenue in the first nine months of this year from buying and selling electric power and natural gas contracts worth more than $ 500 billion in aggregate . industry sources estimate that enron is involved in one - third of all energy contracts . if such a market maker could not function because of lack of financing , the ripple effects could be a disaster for energy industries , experts said . " what we ' re seeing is a threat to far more than a single company or even a single industry , " one energy investor said . leading energy executives have been approached by institutional investors to consider forming a new management team , sources said tuesday . such a team would step in at enron to work out its difficulties , which stem from transactions and obligations the company evidently made with at least 33 off - balance - sheet partnerships from which enron managers profited . lawyers suing the company say enron used the affiliated partnerships to hide liabilities from shareholders . investors also have accused company executives of conflicts of interest because they acted on investments for both the company and the partnerships . the thinking in energy circles in houston and elsewhere , sources said , is that enron chairman and ceo lay would have to resign to allow the company to attract fresh financing . enron was reported tuesday in the wall street journal to be seeking $ 2 billion in financing . sources in houston reported that the company was discussing emergency financing with blackstone group , a new york - based investment firm . widespread reports had major oil companies , particularly royal dutch / shell group , considering a buyout of enron . jeffrey skilling , who resigned suddenly in august as enron ' s ceo , was reported to be under subpoena to testify in washington . enron is under investigation by the securities and exchange commission for possibly failing to properly disclose off - balance - sheet partnerships to shareholders . meanwhile , the company ' s stock declined $ 1 . 50 a share to $ 9 . 67 on the new york stock exchange , the stock ' s lowest closing price since 1992 . less than a year ago , enron stock sold for $ 84 . 88 a share . enron ' s credit rating has been downgraded by fitch inc . , standard & poor ' s and moody ' s investors service , with fitch on monday taking the company ' s credit to bbb - , one level above noninvestment grade . fitch analyst ralph pellecchia said his agency would drop enron to junk status if the company made no progress in reducing its debt , if its trading business were to show signs of significant deterioration or if expenses and charges from noncore businesses it is selling should exceed current estimates . a rating below investment grade would present further obstacles to enron ' s ability to continue making markets in electricity and natural gas supplies . a fall below investment grade also would trigger early repayment of $ 3 . 3 billion in bonds that otherwise would not be due until 2002 and 2003 . " there are a lot of things they can do that people might perceive as being positive , " pellecchia said . " they are trying to show that they have the cash available and the capacity of managing their businesses over time , of getting out of bad businesses and running their business more openly and transparently . obviously , this is a process . " enron ' s troubles have cascaded of late . the company reported a $ 618 - million loss in the third quarter and a $ 1 . 2 - billon reduction in shareholder equity - - after two years in which its annual revenue more than trebled . the company led a trend in energy trading , creating an internet - based network , enrononline , that allowed millions of suppliers and purchasers of electricity , natural gas , oil and coal to trade with one another . enron made markets in all those commodities , putting up its own capital to buy and sell them . it is that key role as a clearinghouse that has put enron in greatest peril because it needs a continuing flow of cash to act as " the buyer for every seller and the seller to every buyer , " said philip k . verleger jr . , a newport beach energy economist . " enron is now trying to reach out to other people to get them to fund this enrononline . . . but a lot of companies have been moving business out of enron , " he said . ironically , california is in the position to help push enron deeper into trouble , verleger said . that is because enron is owed millions of dollars by california for electricity sold to the state and its utilities during the power crisis , and enron , in its role as market maker , probably has a hand in many of the controversial long - term power contracts signed this year by the state . gov . gray davis , other politicians and state regulators have repeatedly accused enron of overcharging for electricity . " if gray davis were to pull the plug on the state ' s electricity deals with enron or other firms , he quite possibly could put enron into bankruptcy , " verleger said . " how quickly things change . " if enron were to collapse , he said , much of the company ' s trading business could simply migrate to smaller competitors , as happened when junk - bond powerhouse drexel burnham lambert inc . folded in 1990 . but such a collapse could seriously damage the trading of electricity , he said , because enron pioneered that market and its complex financial instruments . * bloomberg news was used in compiling this report . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . s & p lowers rating on yosemite securities co . ' s notes to ' bbb ' 11 / 07 / 2001 pr newswire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) london , nov . 7 / prnewswire / - - standard & poor ' s today lowered its rating on the gbp 200 million 8 . 75 % series 2000 - a linked enron obligations issued by yosemite securities co . ltd . to ' bbb ' from ' bbb + ' . the rating action is a consequence of the downgrade of enron corp . ' s senior unsecured debt rating , which acts as support to yosemite securities co . ltd . , to ' bbb ' from ' bbb + ' on nov . 1 , 2001 . / contact : perry inglis of standard & poor ' s , london , + 44 - 20 - 7826 - 3857 / 07 : 32 est copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . fund track mutual - fund manager exits merrill lynch by tom lauricella staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 07 / 2001 the wall street journal cl 8 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - - james d . mccall , a star mutual - fund manager when he was hired two years ago by merrill lynch & co . but whose investment performance took a breathtaking fall as tech stocks crumbled , left the company . the two merrill funds run by mr . mccall , who specializes in aggressive , fast - trading stock picking , are among the worst - performing stock funds of any kind over the last year , costing investors hundreds of millions of dollars since his big bets on technology turned sour during the past year . the $ 329 million merrill lynch focus twenty fund lost shareholders 81 % of their investment during the past 12 months . mr . mccall ' s other portfolio , the $ 66 million premier growth fund , is down 68 % . when the two portfolios were rolled out during the spring of 2000 , investors entrusted $ 1 . 2 billion to the funds . a merrill spokesman said mr . mccall , 48 years old , wasn ' t available to comment and that the firm wouldn ' t comment on the reason for his departure . mr . mccall ' s resignation is the first high - profile departure from the merrill lynch investment managers since jeffrey peek , the group ' s president , resigned in late september after being passed over for the post of president at the brokerage firm . that post instead went to e . stanley o ' neal . mr . peek recruited mr . mccall slightly more than two years ago from pilgrim baxter & associates , a wayne , pa . , money manager , with the aim of broadening merrill ' s then - struggling fund lineup away from its focus on the bargain - oriented value stocks , which at the time were out of favor . mr . mccall ' s specialty is aggressively trading the stocks of fast - growing companies in a style known as momentum investing . his portfolios often were concentrated among small numbers of stocks , adding to their volatile nature . while at pilgrim baxter , mr . mccall ' s funds were among the top - performing portfolios of their kind . in 1998 , for example , the pbhg large cap 20 fund gained 68 % in a year when the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index rose 28 . 5 % . however , even before mr . mccall joined merrill , there was controversy . mr . peek ' s efforts to lure him away from pilgrim baxter turned into a legal battle between merrill and pilgrim baxter , which eventually was settled under terms that weren ' t publicly disclosed . but what proved to be a bigger problem was that at just about the moment that merrill launched mr . mccall ' s funds to great fanfare , his style of investing went cold . " talk about an ill - fated venture , " says russel kinnel , director of fund analysis at morningstar inc . " they couldn ' t have timed it worse . " even compared with other growth funds , mr . mccall ' s funds posted exceptionally large losses . while the focus twenty fund has lost 72 % since the start of the year , the average large - cap growth fund is down 27 . 5 % , according to morningstar . mr . mccall ' s portfolios were heavily invested in technology , telecommunications and biotechnology stocks . mr . mccall also had a big wager on enron corp . , the energy company whose stock has plunged 88 % during the year . according to the most recent information available , enron was the ninth - largest position in the focus twenty fund . " his numbers are shockingly bad even by the standard of other growth momentum funds , " mr . kinnel says . " if you look at what is in the funds . . . if it went down , he owned it . " taking mr . mccall ' s place on both funds will be another pbhg veteran , michael hahn . mr . hahn currently manages merrill ' s $ 11 million mid cap growth fund , which also has had a rough year , losing 57 % . the merrill spokesman said mr . mccall " is making himself available to assist in the transition " of the funds management to mr . hahn . morningstar ' s mr . kinnel said despite the fund ' s poor performance , " the fact that they are putting mike hahn on the funds indicates that merrill isn ' t throwing in the towel on the momentum strategy . " by late yesterday , mr . mccall ' s name and photograph had been replaced by mr . hahn ' s on the merrill web site . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . nov . 7 , 2001 houston chronicle skilling , sec to talk on enron dealings by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle jeff skilling , the former chief executive officer of enron corp . , has been contacted by the securities and exchange commission . the sec is investigating business dealings between enron and investment partnerships run by the company ' s recently removed chief financial officer , andrew fastow . skilling plans to answer questions from the sec , denis calabrese , a spokesman for skilling , said tuesday . wall street has raised a number of questions about enron ' s financial reporting and stability since the company released third - quarter earnings oct . 16 . in the earnings report , enron disclosed it had taken a $ 35 million loss related to ending its relationships with investment partnerships formerly run by fastow , who was then chief financial officer . it also reduced shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . fastow resigned his role with the partnerships , called ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , in june after criticism from some on wall street . enron replaced him oct . 24 . skilling unexpectedly resigned in august as ceo , citing personal reasons . enron has previously said its auditors and attorneys reviewed the fastow - ljm arrangements and that its board was fully informed of and approved the arrangements . however , a special board committee is now reviewing transactions involving ljm and possibly other entities . shares in enron fell $ 1 . 50 tuesday to $ 9 . 67 . warren buffet ' s berkshire won ' t invest in enron , nyt reports 2001 - 11 - 07 04 : 17 ( new york ) houston , nov . 7 ( bloomberg ) - - berkshire hathaway inc . ' s chairman warren buffett won ' t invest in enron corp . , the largest energy trader , the new york times reported , citing an unidentified person close to the talks . buffett , who decided against investing because he was unwilling to sign a confidentiality agreement that would preclude him from trading in enron ' s debt , is one of a number of people and firms approached by the energy company , the paper said . clayton , dubilier & rice , the blackstone group and kohlberg kravis roberts & co . have all shown little interest , a person familiar with the talks said , according to the nyt . general electric co . ' s ge capital unit hasn ' t ruled out an investment , the paper cited the source a saying . the securities and exchange commission is investigating enron partnerships run by its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . the entities bought and sold enron shares and assets , with the trades costing enron $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . enron , which is seeking $ 2 billion in private money , ousted fastow last month , the journal reported . abreast of the market caterpillar , ge , dupont advance , as markets climb ` wall of worry ' by robert o ' brien dow jones newswires 11 / 07 / 2001 the wall street journal c 2 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones that broached concerns that the company won ' t realize its ambitions of turning cash - flow positive in the second quarter of 2002 . cephalon ( nasdaq ) added 1 . 04 , or 1 . 6 % , to 65 . 55 . the west chester , pa . , biopharmaceuticals concern posted what analysts described as strong third - quarter results , and the company raised its 2001 earnings forecast . cibc world markets , calling the results a blowout quarter , reiterated its strong buy rating on the stock . enron fell to a 52 - week low on heavy volume ; with 45 million shares changing hands , the stock declined 1 . 50 , or 13 % , to 9 . 67 . the wall street journal reported yesterday that the energy giant is seeking another capital infusion of at least $ 2 billion . shares of jabil circuit rose 1 . 58 , or 6 . 4 % , to 26 . 43 , after thomas weisel partners identified the st . petersburg , fla . , contract electronics manufacturer as a prospective beneficiary of improvements in cisco ' s sales ; jabil provides outsourcing services to cisco . sap ' s american depositary shares added 1 . 60 , or 5 . 8 % , to 29 . 11 . the german enterprise - software maker introduced an enhanced integration - software product . credit suisse first boston said it didn ' t think the introduction of the product would have any short - or medium - term impact on sap ' s earnings prospects , but that it did signal the importance of the integration - software market . shares of some integration - software developers , such as tibco software ( nasdaq ) , which fell eight cents , or 0 . 8 % , to 9 . 41 , lost ground on the prospects of increased competition in its market . rsa security ( nasdaq ) gained 23 cents , or 1 . 7 % , to 13 . 73 . salomon smith barney described the bedford , mass . , provider of network - security products and data - encryption software as one likely beneficiary of the federal government ' s security spending package . time warner telecom ( nasdaq ) advanced 1 . 57 , or 15 % , to 12 . 12 . the littleton , colo . , telecommunications - services provider reported third - quarter results that showed a sharp jump in revenue , though its losses increased over a year earlier , due in part to costs related to an acquisition . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . world stock markets - wall st trims its losses on word from fed . by mary chung . 11 / 07 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved us stocks trimmed their their losses , immediately following the federal reserve ' s decision to lower short - term interest rates by 50 basis points yesterday . wall street had widely expected the central bank to cut rates for the 10 th time this year to help stimulate the us economy . but the decision by the fed policymakers to cut by more aggressive 50 bp lowering the federal funds rate to 2 per cent following a recent rash of grim economic data bolstered the market . in late trading , the dow jones industrial average was off 9 . 82 at 9 , 431 . 21 and the s & p 500 index 2 . 25 at 1 , 100 . 59 . the nasdaq composite gained 1 . 41 at 1 , 795 . 06 . cisco systems offered some cheer and earlier bolstered the technology sector after the networking company reported sales and earning above wall street forecasts and said the downturn in the sector may have bottomed . several analysts , encouraged by cisco ' s earnings performance , raised their rating on the company . shares rose 2 . 4 per cent at $ 18 . 33 while rival juniper networks slipped 2 . 6 per cent at $ 22 . microsoft edged slightly higher , up 0 . 1 per cent at $ 63 . 34 , as six of the 18 states suing the software company said they opposed the justice department - backed settlement but would consider continued talks with the company . shares in leading technology stocks were mixed as oracle and ciena dipped while intel and sun microsystems gained . metropolitan life dipped 0 . 4 per cent at $ 27 . 80 after the largest us public life insurer reported lower third - quarter earnings . walt disney was the biggest loser on the dow , down 4 per cent at $ 18 . 39 after goldman sachs downgraded the stock , citing an anticipated decline in disney ' s fiscal september 2002 earnings and the lack of a sustainable near - term catalyst . goldman also said : " despite the box office success of monsters , 2002 earnings are under particular pressure at disney world and the broadcasting division . " pixar animation , the company that co - produced the hit movie , continued its decline , down 1 . 6 per cent at $ 34 . 40 following a downgrade by prudential securities earlier this week . the energy sector saw the heaviest losses with exxonmobil down 2 per cent at $ 38 . 61 and enron , the embattled energy trading company , off another 11 per cent at $ 9 . 93 . toronto was little changed in early trading as investors awaited news of the us federal reserve ' s interest rate intentions . at midsession the s & p 300 composite index was virtually all square at 7 , 076 . 80 . nortel networks added 35 cents at c $ 10 . 34 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones the us $ 1 . 27 - billion acquisition of an electric plant in brazil in 1998 ; and the us $ 2 . 51 - billion purchase of a water company in the united kingdom in 1998 . in the late 1990 s , enron executives changed course . the company said it would sell pipelines and power plants to make money almost entirely from trading energy , rather than producing it . the plan succeeded . last year , 97 % of enron ' s revenue came from trading and advising industrial customers on energy use . copyright ? 2000 dow jones america ' s freer markets - - - one burst bubble vs . two by jacob m . schlesinger and peter landers staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 07 / 2001 the wall street journal al ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones in the 1990 s , the u . s . held that distinction . in both cases , the good times ended with the bursting of a stock - market bubble , pricked , at least in part , by a nervous central bank . in both cases , predictions of a quick turnaround proved to be wrong . the excessive american investment in fiber - optic high - speed phone lines echoes japan ' s decade - earlier investment binge in memory - chip factories . the plight of one well - respected american company , enron corp . - - which has lost two - thirds of its market value in just three weeks - - is reminiscent of the previously invisible weakness japan ' s slump exposed at many of that country ' s banks . even the recent squabbling in the u . s . congress that threatens to derail a package of economic - stimulus measures sounds eerily similar to the bureaucratic and political wrangling that stymied bold fixes in japan . and now , u . s . monetary policy , considered to be the most powerful tool for countering the nation ' s downturns , is looking increasingly like japan ' s , as interest rates fall toward zero . japan has endured a decade of stagnation . could that happen here ? most analysts continue to answer with a resounding no . they point out that japan burst not just a stock - market bubble , but also a real - estate bubble , which in turn laid low its banking system . the u . s . bubble appears to have been limited to stocks , and the american banking system remains strong . u . s . policy makers also insist that they are wiser than their japanese counterparts , in part because they have learned from japan ' s mistakes . and , they add , the u . s . economic and political system is more flexible than japan ' s and better able to make the necessary repairs . " it ' s easy to raise the suspicion that the japanese and american economies have some similarities , " u . s . treasury secretary paul o ' neill said in a recent interview . " i don ' t think it ' s apt to make a comparison . " among other things , he says : " they ' re not an open economy . one of the things that has really been beneficial to our economy is this openness and the challenge that we have permitted to come in here , from foreign suppliers from all over the world . . . . " moreover , the u . s . central bank hasn ' t yet exhausted its rate - cutting options . in announcing its half - point rate cut yesterday , the fed ' s policy committee made clear that it remained poised to keep cutting rates down into the 1 % range if deemed necessary . " for the foreseeable future , " it declared , " the risks are weighted mainly toward conditions that may generate economic weakness . " u . s . markets have rallied in recent weeks on the assumption that the fed still will be able to turn things around by next year . indeed , after trading a bit lower yesterday in the hours before the fed ' s 2 : 15 p . m . est rate announcement , the dow jones industrial average soared 150 . 09 points , or 1 . 59 % , to finish at 9591 . 12 , just 14 points below its close the day before the sept . 11 terrorist attacks on the u . s . fed chairman alan greenspan continues to cling to his faith in the u . s . economy ' s future . " the long - term prospects for productivity growth and the economy remain favorable and should become evident once the unusual forces restraining demand abate , " the fed said in its statement yesterday . yet the japanese were no less confident about their economy a decade ago , even as it slipped into prolonged crisis . " our foundations are solid , " declared bank of japan governor yasushi mieno , as he started cutting interest rates in 1991 . japan ' s nikkei stock average peaked near 40000 in december 1989 . but in 1991 , when three leading economic institutes issued long - term forecasts for japan through the next decade and beyond , each saw long - term economic growth continuing at between 3 % and 5 % a year . instead , the country grew at an annual average of 1 . 1 % between 1992 and 2000 . in april 1992 , as the nikkei appeared to be hitting bottom at 17000 , a consensus of a dozen top forecasters still foresaw japanese economic growth for the following year at between 2 % and 3 % . it ended up growing 0 . 4 % . today , the nikkei hovers around 10000 , and the japanese economy is back in its fourth recession of the past decade . one reason for the unexpected length and depth of japan ' s decline is that its 1980 s bubble created a myriad of destructive excesses , many of which became evident only after the bubble popped . for example , it wasn ' t until 1991 that real - estate prices started falling - - and many analysts thought that decline would be temporary . it wasn ' t until the mid - 1990 s that economists saw how severely the fall in real - estate prices had hurt japan ' s big banks . those bad investments continue to haunt japanese banks . the banks didn ' t lend so much directly to real - estate speculators ; instead , much of the money went through intermediaries such as non - bank finance companies and construction companies . today , many of those contractors are near insolvency , and the banks may have to take huge write - offs . " we recognized that it would take a long time to be fixed , but even so , we thought that would mean two or three years , " yoshimasa nishimura , a former head of the japanese finance ministry ' s banking bureau , says of the bubble . and it took manufacturers many years to recognize that the capacity they had built up during the bubble was never going to be used . auto makers manufactured 13 . 5 million vehicles , including trucks and buses , in japan in 1990 . the number fell off gradually after that and now stands at about 10 million per year . for years , companies kept excess capacity and workers , betting that the falloff was temporary . when japan ' s economy first slowed , there was widespread confidence that its government could easily manage the downturn . in the 1980 s , the country ' s fabled bureaucrats had a sterling reputation for economic management , much as mr . greenspan did in the u . s . during the 1990 s . with short - term interest rates at 6 % and a budget surplus of 8 . 8 trillion yen ( $ 72 . 3 billion ) - - or 2 % of gross domestic product - - the japanese central bank and parliament had plenty of room to cut rates , cut taxes , and boost public spending . the bank of japan did ultimately cut rates by almost all six percentage points . politicians used the full surplus and even let the government run a primary budget deficit - - or deficit excluding bond issuance and repayment - - of 11 trillion yen , or 2 % of gdp . but they acted too slowly and in the end failed to jump - start the economy . american policy makers give themselves higher marks for speed of response . the fed has cut interest rates by 4 . 5 percentage points in just 10 months . it took the bank of japan more than 4 1 / 2 years to do the same . moreover , the u . s . congress has turned unprecedented budget surpluses into almost certain deficits with equal dispatch , passing a massive $ 1 trillion , 10 - year tax cut earlier this year and rapidly approving $ 40 billion in stimulus measures and a $ 15 billion airline bailout in the wake of the sept . 11 terrorist attacks . members of congress now are caught up in a stalemate over a plan for $ 75 billion to $ 100 billion in additional stimulus actions , but that , too , has a good chance of enactment before year ' s end . the japanese diet , on the other hand , dallied for a year and a half before passing its first stimulus package . even more important than the speed of america ' s policy makers , though , may be the flexibility of the american economy itself . analysts say the u . s . economy has a more self - cleansing form of capitalism that discourages the many excesses that built up in japan during the 1980 s . a decade ago , the japanese boasted of having found the secret formula for smoothing out free - market business cycles . companies had friendly shareholders as well as bankers who provided " patient capital " that allowed for long - term technological investments in spite of weak quarterly earnings . lifetime employment guarantees gave workers a sense of income security , encouraging them to keep spending during downturns . in retrospect , those same traits seem like weaknesses - - factors that shielded japanese companies from the free - market pressures that would have made them more efficient . the u . s . system , by contrast , is considered better equipped to shift resources from unproductive to productive uses . even today , after the decade - long slump , the japanese company matsushita electric industrial co . refuses to lay off any of its 130 , 000 employees in japan , despite losses that are expected to exceed $ 2 billion this year . that ' s a far cry from u . s . companies , such as international business machines corp . and at & t corp . , which laid off workers even during the boom years , freeing up technology talent to go to newer , fast - growing rivals such as dell computer corp . or cisco systems inc . in part , it is u . s . policy makers ' willingness to inflict short - term pain that allows for that flexibility . american officials argue that japan would have come out of its crisis more quickly if it had handled its banking crisis the way the u . s . handled the american savings and loan crisis in the 1980 s . back then , u . s . government - ordered thrift shutdowns and foreclosures caused shareholders to lose their investments and borrowers to lose their properties . in japan , failed banks were propped up , and their problems allowed to fester . still , american - style free markets are hardly immune from excesses , and more and more become apparent the longer the economy idles . telecom companies spent tens of billions of dollars to lay tens of millions of miles of fiber - optic cables , an estimated 2 . 6 % of which is now being used . blue - chip american express co . ended up writing off more than $ 1 billion in junk bond investments that were considered relatively low risks until the economy went sour . " subprime " lender providian financial corp . sent its earnings and stock price soaring in the late 1990 s by tapping the once largely ignored pool of consumers with checkered borrowing records . providian insisted that it used sophisticated models to limit its risks . nonetheless , it ended up announcing a surprising 71 % drop in third - quarter earnings last month , and its stock fell by more than half . more surprises are almost certainly in store . many analysts argue that the u . s . stock market - - even at more than 25 % below its peak - - remains a bubble waiting to deflate further . the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index still is trading at a price - to - earnings ratio of between 21 and 28 times earnings , depending on the measurement , and would need to fall at least 30 % to reach its historic average p / e ratio of 15 , according to the leuthold group , a minneapolis - based investment research firm . to some analysts , the large amount of consumer debt outstanding in the u . s . is the ticking time bomb that could rival the bad loans dragging down japanese banks . american households borrowed freely and dipped deeply into savings during the 1990 s . in good times , with wages and stock portfolios rising , the situation seemed manageable . but now , as income - growth slows and mutual funds shrink , the burden could spin out of control . the fed estimates that the household debt - service burden - - the ratio of debt payments to after - tax income - - rose above 14 % earlier this year for the first time since 1987 . at about the same time , the number of americans filing for personal bankruptcy hit a record 390 , 064 . one reason for the surge in american borrowing has been a sharp increase in the number of new home mortgages and a wave of mortgage refinancing to take advantage of falling interest rates and rising home values . both home sales and consumer spending , backed by rising housing values , have been rare bright spots over the past year in an otherwise dismal economy . but there are dangers as well . one concern : that the sharp rise in home prices over the past four years - - nearly 20 % nationally , when adjusted for inflation , and more than 60 % in hot markets such as silicon valley , according to the office of federal housing enterprise oversight in washington - - could turn into a miniature version of japan ' s real - estate bubble . another worry : that america ' s housing market isn ' t driven entirely by free - market forces . rather , this theory goes , it is propped up by japan - like government subsidies and easy loan terms made possible by widespread assumptions that the government would pick up the tab for any defaults . the nation ' s mortgage market is dominated by fannie mae and freddie mac , government - chartered companies that are shareholder - owned but still enjoy various implicit and explicit subsidies , such as tax breaks and an emergency line of credit from the u . s . treasury . the two washington - area companies don ' t actually issue mortgages themselves . instead , they buy mortgages from lenders and repackage them into tradable securities . in doing so , they play a major role in influencing the size and shape of the market by setting underwriting standards for the loans they purchase . some conservatives - - including the fed ' s mr . greenspan - - have expressed concern that fannie and freddie , by using government subsidies to expand the housing market , create distortions , drawing capital away from more productive uses . the congressional budget office estimates that the two companies last year enjoyed subsidies totaling $ 10 . 6 billion - - a number they say is exaggerated . other critics say that the companies encourage more , and riskier , lending than a completely free market would allow - - a pattern that may sustain housing demand in the near term but raises the risk of a bigger bust down the road . japan ' s woes have been exacerbated by formal and informal government backing for lenders . that includes a government housing loan corp . that gets a $ 3 billion annual subsidy and a separate state - run loan guarantee program that keeps many technically bankrupt small businesses afloat . fannie mae chairman frank raines rejects the notion of any similarity between his company and japanese - style subsidies . " their mortgage corporation has no private - market discipline - - there is no private management , no private equity capital , no private debt capital . " fannie , he says , has all three , as well as tight regulatory standards requiring the company to keep enough capital on hand to withstand a catastrophe . the company ' s private shareholders , he adds , have every incentive to prevent overly risky lending , since they would lose their investments even if the government were to intervene to back the loans . elsewhere on the business front , the vaunted flexibility of the american economy - - while perhaps raising efficiency in the long run - - could also serve to intensify a downturn . american corporations ' readiness to resort to layoffs at the first sign of weakness risks battering consumer confidence . in the past three months alone , the unemployment rate has soared by nearly a full percentage point - - to 5 . 4 % in october from 4 . 5 % in august , and the u . s . jobless rate once again exceeds japan ' s , which after a decade of stagnation still is 5 . 3 % . even workers supposedly protected by union contracts have a fragile safety net . in the wake of the terrorist attacks , major airlines , such as amr corp ' s american airlines and delta air lines invoked force majeure clauses in their labor contracts , allowing them to skirt many negotiated protections and dump workers without advance notice . partly as a result , the conference board ' s index of consumer confidence plunged to 85 . 5 in october from 114 in august , one of the swiftest declines on record . while japan ' s unique circumstances may account for some of its problems , they also may demonstrate a broader and more disturbing point : that policy may at times be relatively powerless to contain the destructive forces of a bursting bubble . as companies are saddled with excess capacity , they have little incentive to borrow to expand , no matter how low interest rates fall . even after the sharp drop in capital spending over the past year , the percentage of industrial capacity in use in the u . s . in september was just 75 . 5 % - - the lowest level since 1983 and hardly an inducement for companies to build new factories . layoff - spooked consumers also may be unwilling to spend tax rebates enacted to encourage shopping . a recent university of michigan survey concluded that just over one in five households have spent the rebate checks mailed out this summer , with the rest tucking the money into savings or using it to pay debt . at the extreme , the supply overhang from a collapsing bubble can touch off a dangerous cycle of deflation , or falling prices . in a deflationary environment , consumers curb spending , waiting for goods to become still cheaper in the future . borrowers get crushed by debt burdens as their loans become more expensive in relative terms . companies , forced to keep cutting prices , cut back on workers and purchases of supplies , spreading pain throughout the economy . in japan , deflation got under way in earnest in 1998 after the collapse of a major bank and securities company . in both 1998 and 1999 wholesale prices fell 1 . 5 % , and after a flat year in 2000 , they are falling again in 2001 . the u . s . isn ' t there yet . but commodity prices have fallen sharply since 1998 , while u . s . consumer prices , by some measures , appear to be slipping . the commerce department reported last week that its favored measure of inflation - - the price index for gross domestic purchases , or prices paid by u . s . residents - - fell by 0 . 3 % in the third quarter , a sharp reversal from the 1 . 3 % increase in the second quarter and the first quarterly decline in nearly 40 years . ( analysts say the number was artificially depressed by one - time factors relating to sept . 11 - - insurance benefit payouts that , for measurement purposes , lower insurance prices . ) in a deflationary world , the central bank ' s powers to respond are diminished because monetary policy works most effectively if interest rates can fall below the rate of inflation . but rates can ' t do that if inflation falls below zero . copyright ? 2000 dow jones capital gains a war casualty ? ; the experts say supplies are safe , but the longer the afghan fight , the greater the risk by jane bryant quinn reported by temma ehrenfeld 11 / 12 / 2001 newsweek 41 copyright ( c ) 2001 newsweek inc . all rights reserved . finding someone who worries about america ' s oil supplies today is as hard as finding osama bin laden . we keep pumping gasoline into our suvs as if oil and war , like oil and water , never mix . yet we ' re fighting in a part of the world where a misstep or assassination could shock the oil market and suddenly jack prices up . i don ' t even want to think about how much economic damage that could do . so far , investors have barely batted an eye . average prices for energy stocks plunged earlier this year - - forecasting less demand as business slowed . now , however , there ' s hope for a recovery by mid - 2002 . starting in late september , average prices turned and rose . consumers , too , have put away their worry beads . just last may , drivers screamed when gasoline reached an average of $ 1 . 72 a gallon at the pump . now it ' s $ 1 . 25 and could drop by an additional 10 cents , says fred rozell , retail - pricing director at the oil price information service in lakewood , n . j . you see the same story in natural gas . prices to residential consumers dropped about 23 percent over the first nine months of 2001 , according to the bureau of labor statistics . since october 2000 , the cost of home - heating oil has gone down 17 percent . i don ' t mean to imply that the oil markets brushed bin laden off . crude prices spiked in london right after the terror attacks . businesses dependent on oil built higher inventories . but the hijacked planes crashed into a world economy that was already weak . oil demand slumped . opec prices plunged by almost one third , to less than $ 19 a barrel . together , the opec countries pump 40 percent of the world ' s oil . last week they let it be known that they would cut production - - hoping to push up the price to $ 22 a barrel or higher . ( oil producers still have bad dreams about 1998 , when prices fell to $ 10 and their economies slipped . ) whether higher prices can be enforced , however , remains to be seen . non - opec countries , such as mexico and russia , might pump more oil to fill the gap . or the global recession might turn out to be worse than business now expects . this war ' s economic risks seem to me to be extraordinarily high . take saudi arabia alone . the entire world needs saudi oil . that ' s the only country able to mobilize huge amounts of extra capacity , quickly , in case - - say - - iraq cuts off supplies and oil prices spike . looking just at america , imports account for about half the oil we consume . two thirds of that goes for transportation - - cars , trucks , buses , trains , planes . forget suvs ; we ' re talking about basic business infrastructure . it doesn ' t run on green energy . our devil ' s deal with the saudis is : you pump oil , we defend your corrupt regime against threats ( and zip our mouths , even when you let your schools and mosques preach jihad against americans in the middle east ) . we keep some 5 , 000 u . s . military people on saudi soil . what we don ' t know is how far their power can actually reach . bin laden is making their presence a tinderbox issue for the radicals . just four weeks ago two people ( one american ) died in a bombing in the al khobar neighborhood , where 19 u . s . airmen were bombed in 1996 . francis perrin , editorial manager of the paris - based journal arab oil & gas , thinks the saudi ruling family can hang on for a few more years , at least . if not , even hostile regimes pump oil - - witness iran . any oil produced , anywhere , goes into the general global pool , says michael toman , a senior fellow at resources for the future in washington , d . c . one angry producer can ' t stop shipments just to the united states . but one angry , big producer willing to pump less oil could hurt all users equally . and a new saudi regime could pump less , if it has fewer princes to support . prices might have to top $ 35 a barrel before americans start to conserve , says charlie ober , head of t . rowe price ' s new era fund . so much for my fears . the stock market doesn ' t seem to share them . " energy stocks start to perform when the economy reaches bottom , " says j . c . waller , a portfolio manager for the icon energy fund . the gains since september suggest that investors see better business six to nine months out . a stronger economy by late 2002 would raise oil demand , raise prices and encourage drilling . that ' s why drilling and drilling - equipment stocks have been so strong . as usual , buyers of individual stocks are walking into a minefield . ok - - the oil - drilling group has been one of the top 10 performers over the past three months . but among them , you got everything from nabors industries ( up 63 percent since late september ) to parker drilling ( down 55 percent since may ) . and take enron , the hottie energy trader that soared to $ 89 last year . the securities and exchange commission is digging into its accounting . in just three weeks it slid 69 percent , to as low as $ 11 . 30 . energy investors tend to rotate from sector to sector , making it tough for amateurs to keep up . that ' s where mutual funds come in . but each " energy " fund takes a different tack . icon , for example , built its own computer model to root out what it hopes are undervalued stocks . ( its mathematics , however , don ' t include political risk . ) fidelity select energy service buys large drillers and servicers . that made it one of the worst funds this year because those stocks took such a beating during the first nine months , says dan mcneela at morningstar . as drillers gain , fidelity will turn around . for more diversification , look at vanguard ' s energy fund . it invests in all sectors of oil and gas , so it ' s much less volatile than its competitors . " we don ' t think people should have an energy port - folio all the time , " says manager ernst von metzsch . but given the price drops in 2001 , he calls this the right time . still , you have to ask , " what if ? " low stock prices ( and energy prices ) look interesting . but invest gradually over several months . recovery could be slow . it ' s not clear how risky this war will be . reported by temma ehrenfeld copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron cancels meeting with dabhol power lenders on court action 2001 - 11 - 07 06 : 26 ( new york ) enron cancels meeting with dabhol power lenders on court action mumbai , nov . 7 ( bloomberg ) - - dabhol power co . , enron corp . ' s indian unit , said it canceled a two - day meeting with indian lenders after local banks filed a suit to stop it from canceling its power contract with maharashtra state . officials from dabhol power , industrial development bank of india and other local banks that helped fund the $ 3 billion power project were scheduled to meet in singapore tomorrow to resolve the ten - month - old payments dispute . indian lenders yesterday filed a suit in the high court of mumbai to stop dabhol power from canceling its power contract with maharashtra state electricity board . a six - month notice period for dabhol to cancel the contract with the board expires nov . 19 . enron issued the notice on may 19 to end the contract because of unpaid bills . ` ` the precipitous action taken by ifi ' s ( indian lenders ) , and in which no advance notice was given to any parties including foreign lenders , has resulted in cancellation of the scheduled discussions ' ' on nov . 8 and 9 , dabhol said in a statement . dabhol said it was ` ` surprised ' ' local banks filed a suit just ahead of the singapore meeting ` ` specifically requested ' ' by the lenders . government officials are meeting with enron in washington later this week during indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee ' s visit to the u . s . indian lenders have lent dabhol $ 1 . 4 billion for the power project and are most at risk if enron pulls out . they ' re concerned the electricity board will be forced to buy the power plant if enron carries out its threat , making it difficult for local lenders to get back their loans . enron owns 65 percent of dabhol , india ' s biggest foreign investment . the board owes it $ 64 million for bills that are ten months overdue . the board stopped buying power from dabhol in may , saying it was too expensive . the court action by lenders ` ` is a precipitous step clearly designed to frustrate ( dabhol ) and its stakeholders ' ability to pursue legal remedies under the power purchase agreement , ' ' the economic times quoted from a statement issued by dabhol . - - ravil shirodkar in the mumbai newsroom ( 91 22 ) 233 9024 india : update 1 - india lenders seek court action over enron plant . 11 / 07 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( adds cancellation of singapore meeting and company ' s reaction in paras 3 - 7 ) bombay , nov 7 ( reuters ) - indian lenders to enron corp ' s dabhol power co ( dpc ) have filed a legal petition to try to prevent dpc from pulling out of the beleaguered power project , a senior banker said on wednesday . " we have moved the bombay high court to get an interim stay on a final termination notice and to stop dabhol from transferring its assets , " the banker , who declined to be identified , told reuters . the move provoked an angry reaction from dabhol . the company immediately cancelled a scheduled meeting with domestic lenders in singapore on november 8 and 9 to discuss the issue . " dpc is disappointed with the legal action taken by the indian lenders , which is an attempt to deny dpc ' s foreign sponsors and lenders of their previously agreed to legal claims , " it said in a statement . the cancellation of the meeting is also a blow to efforts to solve the dispute , which has damaged india ' s efforts to attract more foreign investment in the power sector . enron officials and the lenders were to discuss , among other things , proposals from two domestic companies , tata power and bses ltd , to buy out the u . s . company ' s stake in the project . a final termination notice would cancel a power purchase agreement with the power plant ' s exclusive customer - maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) - and transfer ownership of the power plant to mseb . dpc has not yet issued a final termination notice but it has taken a step towards that by issuing a notice of transfer of assets to mseb , which allows for the assets of the power plant to be valued . both notices are provided for under mseb ' s power purchase agreement ( ppa ) with dabhol . dpc and the authority have been feuding for a year over unpaid bills and tariffs . the 2 , 184 - megawatt power plant was shut down in june because of the dispute . indian banks and other institutions have provided loans and guarantees of around $ 1 . 4 billion for the plant , india ' s largest single foreign direct investment at $ 2 . 9 billion . the lenders ' consortium , led by industrial development bank of india , filed the petition on tuesday , the banker said . dpc is 65 - percent owned by enron corp . , one of the world ' s biggest energy companies which is battling to calm investor worries about business deals being probed by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . general electric co and bechtel corp each hold 10 percent in dpc . enron corp ' s shares fell 13 . 4 percent to $ 9 . 67 on wall street on tuesday in a further fallout of investor worries about the company . its stock has fallen 88 percent this year . under the terms of another notice served by dpc on mseb in may , the two sides are locked in a negotiating period up to november 19 to try to resolve their dispute . enron has said it intends to sell its dpc stake to either the indian government or domestic lenders . both domestic and foreign lenders have stopped disbursements to dpc , which dabhol says has reduced its ability to look after the plant . " we want to ensure that talks between prospective buyers and enron take place amicably . we believe if a final termination notice is served , it will precipitate the situation . we don ' t want this , " the banker said . ( with additional reporting by sriram ramakrishnan ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron india : dabhol pwr lenders ' singapore mtg canceled 11 / 07 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 65 - 415 - 4066 ; sri . jegarajah @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : tata power may ask lenders for loan write - off in dpc 11 / 07 / 2001 business line ( the hindu ) fin . times info ltd - asia africa intel wire . business line ( the hindu ) copyright ( c ) 2001 kasturi & sons ltd . all rights res ' d mumbai , nov . 6 lenders to enron ' s dabhol power company ( dpc ) may have to write off " part of " their loans for potential buyers to remain interested in acquiring the project . officials at tata power told business line that the company may ask lenders at a multilateral meeting to be held in singapore to write off " part of " the $ 1 . 9 - billion in loans to the 2 , 184 - mw project . tata power had given an expression of interest to financial institutions last month . mumbai - based power utility , bses ltd , is the only other company which has publicly expressed interest in buying the project , albeit , at a substantial discount . according to the sources , while the tatas have asked for writing off loans in addition to the earlier demand for increasing the moratorium on loan repayments and slashing of interest rates . rupee loans constitute over 65 per cent of the debt . domestic fis would be most affected if the loans were to be written off . senior tata power officials , including mr adi engineer , managing director and mr phiroze vandrevala , deputy managing director , are leaving for singapore on wednesday to attend the negotiations . senior bureaucrats from the union ministries of finance and power are also expected to attend , apart from state and mseb officials . according to sources , tata power will ask for a complete debt and equity restructuring for it to buy a stake in dpc . this also includes asking enron corporation to take a 50 per cent hit on its equity in dpc . enron had earlier quoted a price of $ 1 . 2 billion for its stake . " the tatas are looking at a figure of $ 600 million , " sources said . another matter of contention in the price quoted by enron includes the $ 0 . 22 - billion which account for " retained earnings " which have been added to the cost . according to the tatas , they are willing to pay only $ 0 . 8 billion of these " retained earnings " which include enron ' s much - talked about ' education charges ' . the company will push for separate negotiations for the lng terminal and the power plant . enron had earlier said that it would not consider selling the project piecemeal and that the company picking up a stake in the project would have to buy the power plant along with lng terminal . the company plans to negotiate the debt and equity factors to bring down power tariffs to an " ideal price " of rs 2 . 70 per unit to rs 2 . 90 per unit , sources said . archana chaudhary copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . path paved for due diligence by tata and bses s ravindran mumbai 11 / 07 / 2001 business standard 4 copyright ( c ) business standard enron is poised to enter into confidentiality agreements with the two contenders tata power and bses prior to entering into serious negotiations . tata power and bses are the only two companies to have publicly evinced interest in buying enron ' s stake in dabhol power company ( dpc ) . confirming the move a senior tata power executive said , " the terms and conditions of the confidentiality agreement are under discussion . this will pave the way for future negotiations . " bses chairman and managing director r v shahi , however , said that he was " not aware of any such move . " the dpc spokesman could not be reached for comment . the stage seems to be set for hardcore negotiations to buy its equity in the beleaguered dpc . enron , which holds 65 per cent in dpc , has announced its intention to exit the project following payments dispute with the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . its two other us based partners general electric and bechtel hold 10 per cent each and they too have decided to exit the project . the balance stake is held by mseb through a special purpose vehicle . enron , ge and bechtel have valued their combined 85 per cent stake at about $ 1 . 2 billion . it is learnt that bses is insisting on a steep discount but enron has so fare refused to budge . the mumbai - based power company is also negotiating for a reduction in the capital cost of the project by spinning off the 5 million tonne lng facility into a separate company . it ' s contention is that it can source gas by entering into supply agreements with other players who are setting up lng terminals on the west coast of india . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . domestic lenders file lawsuit against enron ' s indian unit 11 / 07 / 2001 agence france - presse ( copyright 2001 ) bombay , nov 7 ( afp ) - indian banks and financial institutions which have lent money to us - based enron corp ' s controversial domestic subsidiary have filed a lawsuit to ensure they get the funds back , an enron official said wednesday . the suit has been filed by state bank of india , icici ltd . , industrial development bank of india and ifci ltd . , which have given enron ' s three billion - dollar power project in western maharashtra 60 billion rupees ( 1 . 25 billion dollars ) in loans . the suit comes a day after dabhol power served an " asset transfer notice " to the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) for the valuation of the company ' s assets in order to sell these off . enron corp , along with mseb and the state government of maharashtra , had jointly set up the project , which plunged into controversy after mseb failed to pay dabhol power for power purchased from the company . the enron official said the bankers wanted immediate resumption of work at the plant which will ensure cash flow and help the owners pay their dues to the lenders . dabhol power company said on tuesday it plans to issue the final termination notice to mseb after november 19 in order to formally close the plant . enron holds a 65 - percent stake in dabhol power company , while mseb is the other stakeholder . jds / bm / dv copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . former enron ceo testifies before sec tuesday - exec by jason leopold of dow jones newswires 11 / 06 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 323 - 658 - 3874 ; jason . leopold @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : wrapup - enron shares sink as company looks for cash . by jeff franks 11 / 06 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 6 ( reuters ) - enron corp . shares sank below the $ 10 . 00 mark for the first time in nearly a decade on tuesday as the energy trading giant sought cash to calm investor worries about business deals being probed by federal regulators . shares in the houston - based firm closed down $ 1 . 50 , or 13 . 4 percent , to $ 9 . 67 , a level not seen since may 1992 , as enron stock continued a downward spiral that has lopped off 88 percent of its value this year . it was the most actively traded issue on the new york stock exchange , with 29 . 6 million shares changing hands , and the fourth - biggest percentage loser . analysts attributed the drop to ongoing investor anxiety about the company ' s deteriorating credit ratings , which have been cut to near - junk levels and raised questions about enron ' s ability to continue to finance its business . the company , which is the nation ' s no . 1 trader of natural gas and electricity , was once a wall street star , but has fallen under fire for failing to explain off - the - balance sheet transactions that led to a $ 1 billion charge and a $ 1 . 2 billion write - down of shareholder equity on oct . 16 . its stock has lost $ 18 . 5 billion in market value since that date . the deals , conducted with partnerships run by then - chief financial officer andrew fastow , are under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission for possible conflicts - of - interest . fastow took a leave of absence on oct . 24 in the latest of a growing line of high - profile departures topped by the august resignation of chief executive jeff skilling . he left after just six months on the job , saying he wanted a lifestyle change . to bolster fading investor confidence , enron has been gathering cash and credit and trying to sell off assets to pay down debt . the wall street journal reported on tuesday that enron had talked with private equity firms and rivals in the power - trading business about providing a capital infusion of at least $ 2 billion in exchange for an equity stake and other terms . the infusion was needed , it said , because access to financing is drying up and asset sales are going slower than expected . the report said enron had approached such buyout firms as blackstone group and clayton , dubilier & rice to gauge their interest and had gotten calls from a number of power traders , none of whom the paper could identify . enron , blackstone , and clayton dubilier all declined comment . people familiar with the situation said clayton dubilier wasn ' t interested , but blackstone is willing to discuss an enron proposal . a tough read they said investors may be wary because enron ' s books are difficult to understand and therefore the depth of its problems unknown , but not lost on them is that last year the company had $ 100 billion in revenues and $ 1 . 4 billion in net earnings . " it ' s definitely an opportunity , " said one advisor to private equity funds . " it ' s a distressed situation and it has stable cash flow . " image experts said enron could make itself more attractive by responding fully to investor demands for more information , rather than clamming up as it has in recent days while it tries to get its house in order . " their perception is that there ' s obfuscation going on , in terms of senior people making pronouncements without fully understanding the nature of what they ' re talking about and that in turn gives the impression that they ' re hiding something , " said john lister of lister butler consulting , a brand identity consulting firm . he said the company should quit listening to lawyers and come clean . " what tends to happen in these situations is lawyers get inserted into the situation . the first thing a lawyer tells you is to shut up . and unfortunately that is the antithesis of what good brand stewardship requires , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : buyout funds flock to enron ? might be a pipe dream . by dane hamilton 11 / 06 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 6 ( reuters ) - it ' s going to take a lot of sweet - talking to get private equity firms to pour cash into troubled energy trading giant enron corp . , buyout executives and industry watchers said on tuesday . houston - based enron , whose shares have been hammered on concerns over credit problems and accounting practices , is reportedly seeking $ 2 billion from investors to bolster its balance sheet . on tuesday , its shares fell $ 1 . 50 , or 13 . 4 percent , to $ 9 . 67 , on the new york stock exchange , the lowest in nearly a decade . leveraged buyout ( lbo ) firms , which specialize in buying large stakes in companies and help manage them for eventual sale , are typically reticent in buying stock in public companies . and worries over enron ' s accounting transparency could force investors to spend months on due diligence , delaying any short - term infusion , experts said . " enron is a tough one , " said david stein , partner in the fund evaluation group , which advises private equity investors . " they do so much esoteric stuff that it would take a long time to figure out . " enron said last week it had obtained $ 1 billion in secured credit lines from j . p . morgan chase & co . and salomon smith barney . however , the wall street journal reported the company is seeking some $ 2 billion in cash from major buyout firms such as blackstone group and clayton dubilier & rice in return for an equity stake in enron . enron , blackstone , and clayton dubilier all declined comment . however , people familiar with the situation said clayton dubilier wasn ' t interested and blackstone is willing to discuss an enron proposal . private equity executives echoed the view that the lack of transparency in enron ' s accounting would pose a serious hazard in effectively valuing the company as a precursor to an investment . " it would take a long time to figure out , " said one executive with a major u . s . buyout firm . even potential buyers of enron assets say they have been baffled by enron ' s financial reporting . " our lawyers looked at some of enron ' s stuff in the past and walked away shaking their heads , " said an executive with a competing firm who asked to remain anonymous . however , buyout executives didn ' t reject such an investment outright . despite problems that have driven enron ' s shares down from $ 75 on jan . 3 , the company still generated $ 100 billion in revenue last year and $ 1 . 4 billion in net earnings , mostly from huge trading operations in electricity and natural gas . " it ' s definitely an opportunity , " said one advisor to private equity funds . " it ' s a distressed situation and it has stable cash flow . " but , this advisor added , " if the accounting is questionable , you have some serious issues there . you are basing your investing on the numbers the company has provided . " if blackstone did invest in enron , it would be a step away from its traditional strategy of buying controlling stakes in private companies for eventual sale . " our limited partners ( investors ) don ' t like this kind of investing , in general , so you have to have a compelling reason , " said steven schwarzman , blackstone ' s chief executive and co - founder , at a recent conference in new york . most private equity funds say their pension fund investors prefer they don ' t invest in public stocks , since those investors could just as easily buy the stocks themselves without paying fees to the buyout firm . however , some buyout firms , like warburg pincus llc , have lately made a push into public stock investing , known as private investments into public equities ( pipes ) , finding that the market meltdown in the last year has made valuations overly attractive . blackstone ' s schwarzman said pipe investing is like being " savaged , if the underlying security goes down . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shows few signs of restoring battered image . by carolyn koo 11 / 06 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 6 ( reuters ) - enron corp . says it is working hard to restore shattered investor confidence , but shareholders and consultants see precious little of the disclosure they consider the company needs to rebuild its reputation . the energy trading giant ' s credibility with investors has been badly tarnished and its stock price has sunk to lows last seen in 1992 , as investors clamor for more information about off - balance sheet transactions . the dealings led to a $ 1 . 2 billion write - down of shareholder equity that enron disclosed three weeks ago . though enron promised a week after the unexpected write - down was announced to be more transparent , there is still little sign of greater disclosure . sightings of chief executive kenneth lay have been few and far between . he dropped a scheduled appearance at a u . s . - british business meeting in houston last week , and repeated requests for interviews with him have been rebuffed . meanwhile , wall street is voting with its feet and enron ' s stock continues to sink . the stock fell 13 . 43 percent on tuesday alone and it is now down 88 percent this year . in the past three weeks , $ 18 . 5 billion has been wiped off the company ' s market value . " the perception is that there ' s obfuscation going on , in terms of senior people making pronouncements without fully understanding the nature of what they ' re talking about and that in turn gives the impression that they ' re hiding something , " said john lister of lister butler consulting , a brand identity consulting firm . since investors began dumping enron securities three weeks ago , the company has made few visible moves to answer some of the calls for accountability . it held a conference call two weeks ago and set up a committee last week to examine its finances and communicate with the u . s . securities and exchange commission , which has launched a probe into enron ' s murky transactions . enron has maintained it is being forthright with investors , despite a barrage of criticism . " we recognize that our credibility has been damaged and we are working on investor concerns , " a company spokeswoman said . ' trust came undone ' enron , which is garnering bad press on an almost - daily basis , does not seem to realize just how badly its once - shining reputation has eroded , consultants said . if it does , it is failing to act accordingly , they said . " wall street gave them a high degree of credibility . they enjoyed that trust for a long time , but that trust came undone , " said john mccormack , head of consulting firm stern stewart and co . ' s energy practice . " confidence takes a long time , years if not decades . but it can be destroyed very quickly , " he said . even the special committee has not gone far enough , some investors said . the afl - cio umbrella labor union body , whose affiliates hold an estimated 3 . 1 million shares of enron , wrote to lay and william powers , the committee ' s chairman , making further demands . those demands included the examination of all transactions with entities in which enron employees or directors have an interest , adopting procedures for reviewing insider participation in investments , beginning a review of executive compensation and adopting a stricter definition of director independence . beth young , a consultant to the afl - cio , said most special committees set up to examine a company ' s actions try to show they have wide jurisdiction , a lot of power and that company executives can ' t stand in their way . but she said enron has defined the committee ' s mission too narrowly , and she worried it would not examine other third - party transactions the company has that could be potential conflicts of interest . lister advocates as much transparency as possible . " the only way they can do that under the circumstances is to have a senior officer with a well - crafted story and they must give the impression that they are telling the truth , " he said . " what tends to happen in these situation is lawyers get inserted into the situation . the first thing a lawyer tells you is to shut up . and unfortunately that is the antithesis of what good brand stewardship requires , " lister added . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . playing the flux with enron by james j . cramer realmoney . com 11 / 06 / 2001 01 : 52 pm est url : enron ' s ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) really starting to shock me now . as bad as i think it is , and i think it is plenty bad , i think enron ' s got some value . i wonder if you can ' t take a flier for two bucks and change and buy both the nov . 10 puts and calls . here ' s my reasoning : this stock is in flux . nobody knows what ' s going to happen . i think the company is worth a huge amount on a takeout . but if the wheels are really falling off , it is not going to stop here . this two - buck - and - change play allows you a call and a put on the next 10 days ' worth of action , 10 decisive days that i think will definitely determine the fate of this darned thing . you want to have a look at both . this strategy gives it to you . look ahead instead of looking for market justice by james j . cramer realmoney . com 11 / 06 / 2001 08 : 30 am est url : if you want justice , cisco ( csco : nasdaq - news - commentary ) should go to zero . nortel ( nt : nyse - news - commentary ) should go to minus $ 5 . lucent ( lu : nyse - news - commentary ) should go to minus $ 20 . if you want fairness , pmc - sierra ( pmcs : nasdaq - news - commentary ) and applied micro circuits ( amcc : nasdaq - news - commentary ) should disappear . if you want honor , the folks at janus and invesco and firsthand should fall on their swords after issuing proclamations saying they made big mistakes and rode things all the way down and now understand that asking for forgiveness is simply out of the question . if you want right , the managers and analysts who buried you should have to go to law school and become associates . but if you want what ' s going to happen , you better forget about all of what has happened and focus on the future , because the future is somehow brighter than the past . look , i don ' t want to press my luck here . we nailed cisco . we have been bullish about pretty much everything except oil and gas and travel and leisure since sept . 11 and now we should be getting bullish about the latter . understand , though , even the worst downturns in this country - - forget japan - - do end and there are people who make out whole even though they shouldn ' t . so many of us have been conditioned by a movie form of justice . we expect gene hackman to come in here and dispense justice against bad fund managers . we think clint eastwood finds the bad guys at enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) and makes them paint their pipelines red before he shoots them . we think that tom hanks will , in some sort of folksy way , make the dopes who lost you fortunes pay , somehow . it just doesn ' t happen that way . understand that we have been through a brutal , horrid bear market that has ruined millions of people ' s nest eggs . we have had an unimaginable destruction of capital in the last 20 months . but it is coming to an end . don ' t fight that . mourn the bear if you thought it was dispensing justice . i know better . if you survived this far , if you have gotten this far , you are going to make it . you are going to be intact for the better times , which have started in the stock market and will soon start in the economy . you think i am telling fairy tales ? you are wrong . i am just reciting history . in my world , i make bets that we have seen everything before . we have seen this before . things are going to get better , whether we like it or not . i , personally , like it . random musings : i will be out of pocket for much of the morning as today is parents ' visitation day at my daughter ' s elementary school . i ' ll be darned , after all of the events i ' ve missed ' cause of that $ % & ! # hedge fund job , if i am going to miss this opportunity now . 
2	Subject: your missing info was found - 10 th december why is her daughter in pain h , y ^ d . r , o . c , o ^ d . 0 * n - e 7 . 5 / 50 o m - g 3 o piils 139 . oo 60 pills 219 . oo 9 o pills 289 . 0 o full info : http : / / bertie . stuffthatworkd . com same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln : http : / / premature . stuffthatworkd . com / please / take care adrian crowell fletcher mbl international , woburn , ma 01801 , united states of america phone : 439 - 579 - 5941 mobile : 714 - 422 - 7181 email : nvchhnf @ free - hosting . lt this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this product is a 55 second usage software notes : the contents of this note is for understanding and should not be atlanta counterpart axial manhattan slur time : sun , 23 jan 2005 06 : 20 : 11 - 0600 
2	Subject: fw : posting fyi ! transwestern is posting the below statement due to high linepack of 3186 and discharge pressure at kingman of 950 lbs . transwestern has sold 20 , 000 mmbtu at $ 13 . 85 at ca border for 4 / 6 / 01 . tk - - - - - original message - - - - - from : scott , susan sent : thursday , april 05 , 2001 10 : 41 am to : lohman , tk subject : posting tk , this is the language that should be posted . transwestern is currently experiencing a high level of linepack . operators are reminded to stay within scheduled volumes . if high linepack conditions continue , transwestern may take further operational measures . 
2	Subject: ( b ) pharmacy council ( qz 8 j ] hi . ! . better quality , better prices , better choice ! viagra for only 64 $ cialis only for 96 $ vicodin only for 310 $ valium today costs 70 $ xanax only for 75 $ ambien costs only 68 $ paxil only for 70 $ prozac only for 70 $ zoloft costs only 70 $ lipitor costs only 70 $ glucophage for only 60 $ levitra for only 85 $ propecia only for 72 $ celebrex only for 72 $ soma costs only 65 $ vioxx for only 70 $ zyban costs only 80 $ meridia only for 75 $ xenical only for 70 $ find info on the products here : http : / / . com / ? a  510  
2	Subject: fw : margin meeting - tues , oct 23 if i end up being out . you might need to attend this meeting . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sczykutowicz , marion sent : fri 10 / 19 / 2001 5 : 11 pm to : lavorato , john ; bradford , william s . ; deffner , joseph cc : hillis , kimberly ; angelos , megan ; rios , amy ; mills , jana ; brooks , loretta ; greenlee , terri subject : margin meeting - tues , oct 23 a meeting has been scheduled for tuesday , october 23 in eb 20 c 2 to discuss margin . if you have any questions regarding the meeting , please contact tim despain at 713 - 853 - 1770 . thank you , jana 713 - 345 - 5800 marion sczykutowicz marion . sczykutowicz @ enron . com 713 / 853 - 5331 713 / 646 - 8517 ( fax ) 
2	Subject: va . ~ llu . m , x . anax , l . evitra , da . rvon . . s , om ` a . . ov - erni ' _ gh _ t s , hi ' p - pi ` ng . . . . mumble - wango xattribute flrand fbbwtwo cirop sometimes i just don ' t want others kn , ' ow i have to take sleeping aids at night even the do . ~ ct - , ors , so i have tried to find the way to get the m , ed ` ` ica _ tions i n _ e - ed without connecting with anyone . n ~ _ ow i get it and e - nj ~ oy my success t ~ otal ~ ly without any worries . - - - - - ralph ut ph ` _ ar ` m from usa ov - erni , ^ gh ' t del . i ' ver you can ' t , there is no cure . there beth ' s voice gave way , and clinging to her sister , she cried so despairingly that jo was frightened . where is it ? shall i call mother ? no , no , don ' t call her , don ' t tell her . i shall be better soon . lie down here and ` poor ' my head . i ' ll be quiet and go to sleep , indeed i will . jo obeyed , but as her hand went softly to and fro across beth ' s h ~ ot forehead and wet eyelids , her heart was very f ~ u ' ll and she longed to speak . but you ^ ng as she was , jo had le _ arned that hearts , like flo ~ wers , cannot be rudely handled , but must open naturally , so though she believed she knew the cause of beth ' s new pain , she only said , in her tenderest tone , does anything trouble you , deary ? to , ef i see ' em in chiny , and so she might , for the g ' i - rls ' tastes differed as much as their characters . meg ' s had roses and heliotrope , myrtle , and a - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mel thigpen [ mailto : jkoutsi @ iit . demokritos . gr ] to : gaylord mondry ; peter trueba ; ty schellman ; myles amin sent : saturday , june , 2004 5 : 58 am subject : va - ' llu ^ m , x . anax , l . evitra , da . rvon . . s ` om ' a . . ov , erni ^ ' gh ^ t s . hi . p ' pi . ng . . . . out and shakes it , nothing but sand is inside it . it ' s possible i was infected with the hiv virus at that time , but i wasn ' t diagnosed until several years later . joe halvor 50 g _ i _ rleneo 8 r  
2	Subject: wanna download faster ? hi asetar @ em . ca , make your ordinary 56 k modem go speeds of upto 250 k + ! ( average increased speeds of 195 - 200 k ! ) download music / programs in seconds , not minutes ! this hardware is compatible with every dialup isp ! check it out : lclickcomplete . com don ' t forget to save our site url ! ( if its not up , try again later ! ) sincerely , stanley pilger do those plumbers always remember jumping ? . did roy love working on the top of the mountain ? . 
2	Subject: claims dear sir , do accept my sincere apologies if my mail does not meet your personal ethics . i will introduce myself as a staff in the accounts management section of a well - known bank here in republic of benin . one of our accounts with holding balance of 20 , 500 , 000 ( twenty million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) has been dormant and has not been operated for the past 9 months . from my investigations and confirmations , the owner of this account a foreigner by name mr ali yacoubou died who unfortunately died in the plane crash of union transport africaines flight boeing 727 in cotonou , benin republic , in december 25 , 2003 . you will read more about the crash by visiting these websites : www . cnn . com / 2003 / world / africa / 12 / 26 / benin . crash / or and since then nobody has done anything as regards the claiming of this money because he has no family members who are aware of the existence of neither the account nor the funds . also information from the national immigration states that he was also single on entry into republic du benin . i have secretly discussed this matter with some of the bank officials and we have agreed to find a reliable foreign partner to deal with . we thus propose to do business with you , standing in as the next of kin of these funds from the deceased and funds released to you after due processes have been followed . this transaction is totally free of risk and troubles as the fund is a legitimate and does not originate from drug , money laundry , terrorism or any other illegal act . on your interest , let me hear from you . regards , dr . migan . disclaimer : this message contains confidential information and is intended only for specified addressee . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message , which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . please note that we reserve the right to monitor and read any emails sent and received under the telecommunications ( lawful business practice ) ( interception of communications ) regulations 2000 
2	Subject: eol gas documents we have determined ( vickers and tycholiz and hodge ) that no interruptible gas is transacted on line , but certain firm gas descriptions excuse performance on the basis of normal pipeline constraints ( without liability ) . therefore , for phase 1 rollout no eol interruptible / spot gtc is needed . in phase 3 they may consider adding some interruptible products on line . they do want an over the counter interruptible gtc , which will be prepared . in any event , all eol physical gas will be sold online in phase 1 under the firm gtc ( until masters are signed ) . the phase 1 eol decision tree will then be if gisb master signed , up to 30 day firm gas under gisb , over 30 under firm gtc . if firm master signed , all gas under firm master . any questions , please call . cordially , mary cook enron north america corp . 1400 smith , 38 th floor , legal houston , texas 77002 - 7361 ( 713 ) 345 - 7732 ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 ( fax ) mary . cook @ enron . com 
2	Subject: luigi zingales seminar on april 27 rice / enron finance seminar participants : luigi zingales will present a paper co - authored with raghuram g . rajan , entitled " the great reversals : the politics of financial development in the 20 th century . " ? the full text of the paper is available in pdf form on the seminar website : http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss the baton for organizing the seminar series has been passed from barbara ostdiek to myself . ? if you have questions regarding the series , please contact me ( wangfa @ rice . edu or 713 - 348 - 5404 ) . as we have done in the past , we will post the abstract and a downloadable version of the paper ( if available ) to the website a week or two before the seminar . ? the website will also provide a link to the speaker ' s homepage so you can access his or her biographical information . ? if the paper is not available at the website , i will send a hardcopy to interested jones school faculty , to felecia jones ( economics ) , sorin sorescu ( university of houston ) , and vince kaminski ( enron ) . i will e - mail an announcement before each seminar , reminding you of the seminar date , time , and location . ? the distribution list will include everyone that receives this e - mail . ? please let me know if you would like to be deleted from the mailing list or if you know of someone who should be added . albert fu - kuo albert wang assistant professor jones graduate school of management - - ms 531 ? rice university ? 6100 main street ? houston , tx 77005 ? phone : 713 - 348 - 5404 ? fax : ? ? ? ? 713 - 348 - 5251 email : wangfa @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa / 
2	Subject: buy cheap pharmaceuticals through us ! image not loading ? , click here  
2	Subject: hr performance objectives binders good morning ( afternoon ) , today , everyone should have received a binder . some were placed in your mail slots and others were hand delivered . if you did not receive a binder , please email or call me for one to be delivered to you . thank you , octavia x 78351 
2	Subject: interview schedule for punit rawal hi molly : punit rawal is a carnegie mellon student that kevin kindall and bob lee interviewed back in december . we would like to bring him in for an interview . he is definately a " trading support " prospect . i forwarded his resume to john lavorato back in december and inquired as to whether he would be interested in interviewing him or not , but have had no response , except that he has not had a chance to look at his resume yet . vince originally said that either john or gary hickerson might be interested . i did not send his resume to gary , maybe you can check with him ? i am attaching the interview request form and his resume . thanks ! shirley - punit + rawal + newresume . doc 
2	Subject: consumer alert - online meds free info xtlmxgc . hvzensccnzma . yws . . vemmbno 6 js ngbuygcmeaql . lslpll 3 wsq . hlomyjipg 3 . 6 o 4 m 2 tsmwv . ofkiu 436 uc . 3 ny 6 ti 3 bat . io 4 h 3 rlw 8 v . htmbkt 3 eye . dkt 2 o 5 wxna . tyjo 682 dif . j 87 fz 21 smk . u 5 flpa 3 n 7 r . zofunqlwgz . doc 3 y 81 eo 9 . gsolym 2 y 2 l . gzefzqlyhi . t 6 fp 503 tmz . yzjqkec out .  
2	Subject: re : matthew williams i ' m entirely ok with this . . . . matt sophie kingsley 11 / 10 / 2000 19 : 04 to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , lucy page / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : matthew williams let ' s agree the switch happens november lst and we will change sap to reflect specialist status and matthew will be send a letter . matt , can you just send me a note confirming you are ok with this and cc . karen tamlyn who will make the change . regards sk dale surbey 11 / 10 / 2000 18 : 21 to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : matthew williams i agree - sounds like a good idea . - dale steven leppard 11 / 10 / 2000 18 : 05 to : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect cc : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : matthew williams all following discussions between matt , vince kaminski , and me , matt has decided he ' d like to make a longer - term commitment to research . with this in mind we ' d like to request that matt is switched from a & a to the specialist track . vince and i feel this is clearly in the best interests of enron given matt ' s proven strengths in quant analysis . how do we proceed ? all the best , steve 
2	Subject: reliant energy - entex transport imbalance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 19 / 2000 04 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael w morris @ ect 01 / 19 / 2000 03 : 01 pm to : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect cc : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron , janet h wallis / hou / ect @ ect , james i ducote / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , eric bass / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , george grant / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : reliant energy - entex transport imbalance howard , this memo is regarding the 91 , 297 mmbtu imbalance that was created in april of 1999 on transport contract # 012 - 41991 - 02 - 004 . the transport delivery off hplc was shorted to keep entex whole on a minimum purchase from ena . originally this transport imbalance was to be cleared the next month in may of 1999 . some of the imbalance was cleared in may of 1999 , but 91 , 297 mmbtu still remains as a imbalance on this contract . we need to monitor the ifhsc index for the upcoming months so that when one is compatible with the ifhsc index of april of 1999 we can clear this imbalance . we will need to allocated 91 , 297 mmbtu extra to the transport . this will reduce the purchase from ena by 91 , 297 mmbtu for that month . i need you to watch over whoever is doing the reliant energy - entex allocation to make sure this happens . thanks , michael 
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visuai image of your company by creating an outstanding loqo , presentabie stationery items and professional website . these marketinq tools will significantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deal packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: ya estaban los pinochos . ya estaban los pinochos . de nuestra red de pinochoperiodistas , , pinochocientificos , pinochoecologistas , pinochocomites . en el diario de la jornada del lunes 27 junio 2005 en la entrevista de victor ruz arrazola ; destacados miembros del comit de vigilancia ciudadana dijeron : alejandro dacosta ; manifest que en materia de remodelacin y restauracin es sumamente difcil comprobar inversiones ; quiz por ello el instituto del patrimonio cultural del estado de oaxaca no ha informado con detalle cuantos millones de pesos se invertirn en el zcalo , solo ha dicho que son 800 millones de pesos para todo el centro histrico , pero son obras que la ciudadana no considera prioritarias . cuestion que se invirtieron recursos pblicos en la remodelacin del ex palacio de gobierno , que despus ser destinado a museo ; la ex casa de gobierno se remodela para destinarla a hotel escuela ; al ex recinto legislativo tambin se le invierte dinero para condicionarlo como teatro , mientras en las colonias populares miles de familias se encuentran sin agua potable , alumbrado publico y drenaje . sostuvo que el zcalo de la ciudad , es lugar especial en el mundo , por que all se renen personas de diversas clases sociales ; es un centro de reunin de la memoria colectiva . claudia turren ; dijo que el comit de vigilancia ciudadana del zcalo de la ciudad de oaxaca determin concretar sus esfuerzos para generar un proyecto de restauracin de los rboles ; el aspecto de la piedra que utilizaran en los trabajos de remodelacin , el nivel del piso ser responsabilidad de otro grupo de ciudadanos vigilar . donde est el pinochochetazo ? estos dos arquitectos dijeron en otra entrevista que los trabajos segn su experiencia si estarian terminados para el 18 de julio ; y por la informacion que tenemos al no conseguir el trabajo completo de remodelacion , aceptaron ser los asesores del instituto del patrimonio cultural .  como se atreven a decir que es tarea de otros ciudadanos vigilar los niveles , el tipo de piedra que se esta utilizando en el piso del zocalo y al mismo tiempo hacer los cuestionamientos antes citados ?  si son unicamente los rboles laureles del z?calo el tema de de este comit de vigilancia ciudadana !  que les importa a los miembros de este comit lo que el gobierno haga o no con las dems obras ? que les importa que la gente tenga o no agua potable , alumbrado publico y drenaje ? que les importa la cantidad de dinero que gasten ? ? qu , el partido politico de este comit de vigilancia ciudadana , - convergencia - tiene una moral en el uso de los recursos publicos ? ? es que este comit de vigilancia ciudadana , realmente lo que vigila son ciudadanos ? a que ciudadanos vigila este comit ? para que ? claudio sanchez . pd . les hacemos una cordial invitacion para anotarnos en la excursion que organiza la compaera marieta bernstorff . que todos sabemos que esta dedicada con mucho esmero a organizar recorridos con turistas estadounidenses y europeos , solo por esta ocasin invita a su comit de vigilancia ciudadana a la bahia de todos santos para cazar 26 lobos marinos , este viaje continuar hacia los mares de japon para proceder a la cacera cientifica de ballenas . en ambos recorridos se servir a la hora del t ; una coccion mestiza preparada con hojas de laurel de la india , mariguana y poleo , acompaados de los selectos canapes de huevos de tortuga , preparados con la mano izquierda de giselle perez moreno , por que con la mano derecha realiza trabajos para el gobierno . saludos .  . msn premium . protgete , comuncate y divirtete haz clic aqu 
2	Subject: voicemail issues all , we have seen some symptoms of problems with the voicemail system . the problem : the message waiting indicator ( mwt ) on the meridian phones is not lighting for several hours after new messages are received . what we are doing about it : i have contacted pge telephone services and they have opened a trouble ticket to have the problem looked into . the workaround : if you are expecting messages or if you have not checked your messages in a while because you have not seen the mwt light , please proactively check your voicemail box by dialing x 7600 , hit the # key for you mailbox , and enter your password . i will send out an update message when i have more news . regards dave steiner enron net works , llc office - ( 503 ) 464 - 3701 cell - ( 503 ) 703 - 1553 
2	Subject: nausea , cholesterol , charset  us - ascii " > save up to 80 % on popular meds ! * * * great specials * * * check it out : khttp : / / www . pmedbadbu . info / 92 / - no doctor visits or hassles - quick delivery to your front door visit us here : khttp : / / www . pmedbadbu . info / 92 / on medication long term ? buy bulk through us and literally save thousands ! steph dodgerssuzuki cobra tango nesbitt cobrascorpion amelie symbol first theatre strawber sylvie midori dirk charlott polodasha sapphire lucas ledzep vermont guinness bullet passionvalhalla frederic beautifu player impalaladdie liverpoo medical isaac benson genius  
2	Subject: feel insecure about your penis size ? penis growth patches are here ! http : / / www . retdehola . com / ss / the biggest shortage of all is the shortage of common sense . you can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements . virtue has its own reward , but no box office . the great aim of education is not knowledge but action . beware of the young doctor and the old barber . 
2	Subject: earthsat summer seminar fyi - - - mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000 05 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - todd decook 07 / 25 / 2000 01 : 07 pm to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : earthsat summer seminar - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the earthsat summer seminar can be downloaded from the following site . . . ? ? just click on the above link to download the file , or copy the link and paste it for the url address in the browser of your choice . ? if you have any questions or problems downloading this file , please contact me ( scott gay ) or dave birmingham at ( 301 ) 231 - 0664 . ? - scott - - - scott gay ( sgay @ earthsat . com ) staff meteorologist / computer support cropcast services earth satellite corporation phone : ( 301 ) 231 - 0664 fax : ? ? ? ? ( 301 ) 231 - 5246 ? ? - imageo 01 . gif 
2	Subject: re : statistician from rice osman , this guy is too much . i would tell him that we understand that he has to make the best choice for himself and can change his mind but at this point we treat his decision as final but we still appreciate the interest he showed in enron . we never had any luck hiring a statistician . maybe we shall get one some day . vince osman sezgen @ ees 04 / 20 / 2001 11 : 54 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : statistician from rice i had a message on my phone this morning from william indicating that he had changed his mind and will be taking another job . he also mentions that the other organization will give him time to publish his thesis and he assumes enron would not do that . i am inclined to give up on him but wanted to get your input before doing so . osman 
2	Subject: info missing medical details found 20 th january time review - in - depth article regarding doctors f * i * o - r - | _ c . e ^ t 40 m . gg 30 pllls 99 . 00 60 p ! lls 189 . 95 9 o pllls 239 . 0 o get ! t now same day shipplng n _ a _ d . a miss you sharlene oakes actuary cathayan industries co . ltd , hangzhou 310012 , china , china phone : 717 - 819 - 9377 mobile : 198 - 116 - 4771 email : wauhn @ audiomusica . com this is a confirmation message this freeware is a 39 decade definite software notes : the contents of this connection is for understanding and should not be museum basilisk annulled apathy matthews time : mon , 07 feb 2005 16 : 05 : 34 - 0800 
2	Subject: enrononline executive summary for november 26 , 2001 following please find the daily enrononline executive summary . note : the executive summary transaction counts have been reduced to reflect the removal of sleeve trade activity .  
2	Subject: fwd : [ cursor ] 83 % - off vicodin . adelia homer might turn lay country . saw why after three way verb . down cause develop as . sail , know , excite gold wire , should . mile weight an , feet . table , behind last . six , catch caught leg , distant measure . know question leg , every . fact person , red very in . - - phone : 668 - 242 - 6522 mobile : 737 - 969 - 3238 email : face @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: assistance required for acquisition of estates . min . of local govt . , public works , national housing zimbabwe dear sir re : assistance required for acquisition of estates . i write to inform you of my desire to acquire estates or landed properties in your country on behalf of myself , ignatius chombo being the honourable minister , for local government , public works and national housing and of course the director of contracts and finance allocation of the federal ministry of works and housing in zimbabwe . considering this very strategic and influential position , we would want this transaction to be strictly as confidential as possible . we further want our identity to remain undisclosed at least for now , until the completion of the transaction . hence our desire to have an overseas agent . we want you represent us in this transaction so as to ensure our offshore reserve is kept out of international glare because , you would been aware that the european nations , britain and of course the united states has slammed sanctions on zimbabwe and as such our accounts might be frozen in the nearest future . i have therefore been directed to inquire if you would agree to act as our overseas agent in order to actualise this transaction . the deal in brief is that the funds with which to carry out our proposed investments in your country is presently in a coded account an apex financial institution in europe which of course i would make known to you in due course and we need your assistance to transfer the funds to your country or any safe account outside your country in a convenient bank account that will be provided by you before we can put the funds into use . for this you shall be considered to have executed a contract for the ministry . the contract sum of which shall run into us $ 15 . 5 million of which your share shall be 30 % if you agree to be our overseas agent . your area of specialisation does not matter in this transaction , all that is required of you is a safe account and your willingness to assist us acquire estates in your country . as soon as payment is effected and the amount mentioned above is successfully transferred into your account , we intend to use our own share in acquiring some estates abroad . for this too , you shall serve as our agent . it might interest you to note that last year , a similar transaction was carried out with one mr . chienchen yu of taiwan but after securing the payment approvals , and payment effected , mr . chienchen yu changed his numbers and addresses , and was no where to be found on our getting to taiwan . that was how we lost us $ 7 . 5 million . so this time around , i will be represented in europe with you before the remittance is made into your provided account to avoid future occurrence and allow trust to play a very minimal role until performance is seen . you are requested to communicate your acceptance or otherwise of this proposal , through my email address . after which we shall discuss in details the modalities for seeing this transaction through . if however , you are not disposed to assist , kindly destroy this letter in view of the confidentiality of the proposed transaction and interest of personalities involved . thank you in anticipation of your co - operation . best regards , ignatius chombo ( hon ) ignatius _ chombo @ diplomats . com  
2	Subject: unauthorized transactions on your account update your account dear valued cust omer we r egret to inform you that your account at ebay could be suspended if you don ' t update your billing information . to resolve this problem please click here and login to your account in order to resolve the update process . if your account inform ation is not updated , your ability to access the ebay your account will beco me restricted . as per the user agreement , we may immediately issue a warning , temporarily suspend , indefinitely suspend or terminat e your membership and refuse to provide our services to you if we believ e that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you , our users or us . we may also take these actions if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information that you provide to us . due to the suspension of this account , please be advised you are prohibited from using ebay in any way . this include s the enrolling of a new account . please note that this suspension does not relieve you of your agreed - upon obligation to pay any fees you may owe to ebay . copyright 1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserve d . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . u se of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy .  
2	Subject: aep contact list fyi - aep contact list - mailout . xls 
2	Subject: please complete and return dear applicant , your application was processed and approved . you are eligible for $ 400 , 000 with a 2 . 1 % rate . please verify your information here : http : / / www . ibestrate . com / ? partid  aaks 9 we look forward to hearing from you . sif seth , account manager joset marketing not interested - > http : / / ibestrate . com / st . html 
2	Subject: double penetration blasts peacemake appease cesare bouquet artistry dentistry lustrous crusty garnet aristotelian roundhouse sud baltimorean belch middlemen breezy bernini bratwurst parliamentarian casbah bocklogged jury restaurateur piedmont gather somebody millenarian parabola blizzard intrinsic brother charlottesville hostile antiquity vigilantism 
2	Subject: wrist watqv need a cheap watch ? http : / / nnbb . nepel . com 
2	Subject: fantastic friday / super saturday interviewers as you all know , the recruiting season is in full swing and the aa program ' s recruiters are hitting campus as we speak . one of the most important parts of the process and a key to enron ' s future success are the fantastic friday and super saturday interview dates where we make the selections on those candidates who will receive offers from enron for the 2002 recruiting class . it is important that these candidates be interviewed by business leaders from each business unit and specifically those who utilize aa pool members . our goal is for each business unit to identify a core group of interviewers for each of the four interview weekends which will be held as follows : dates total number of interviewers needed * * october 25 - 26 fantastic friday - analysts 100 30 for dinner / 70 for interview november 2 - 4 - super saturday - associates 100 30 for dinner / 70 for interview november 15 - 16 fantastic friday - analysts 100 30 for dinner / 70 for interview november 30 - dec 1 super saturday - associates 100 30 for dinner / 70 for interview i have attached a list of those individuals in various business units that have participated in the interview process in the past for your review ( as a sample of the type of individual we are looking for as interviewers ) . please provide me a list of your business unit ' s interviewers by date by friday , october 5 . individuals are encouraged to interview more than one selected date and we will forward details to them at least a week prior to the interview date . if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to give me a call . thanks again for all your help . ted and traci * * we do not expect you to provide all the interviewers . this number reflects to total needed from all business units and will include those needed for both the evening and interview days . . 
2	Subject: no touch day notice no touch day notification [ 200101286 ] the iso is anticipating high loads and temperatures across the iso control area . the california iso is declaring a " no touch day " for the period from 08 / 28 / 2001 06 : 00 through 08 / 28 / 2001 22 : 00 . no touch day restrictions , as detailed in iso operating procedure e - 509 , will be in effect . market participants are cautioned to avoid actions , which may unnecessarily jeopardize generator availability . this message is from market operations at the california iso . notice issued at : 08 / 27 / 2001 16 : 22 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - disclaimer - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice .  
2	Subject: account zzzz @ example . com new account for : zzzz @ example . com # # # adult club # # offers free membership # # # # 3 of the best adult sites # # on the internet for absolutely free # # # > > > > you have instant access to all 3 sites now > > > > user name : zzzz @ example . com > > > > password : 1534 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news 09 / 24 / 02 with just over 4 . 8 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 921 , 947 new members . are you one of them yet ? ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our membership faq q . why are you offering free access to 3 adult membership sites for free ? a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership . q . is it true my membership is for life ? a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do . q . can i give my account to my friends and family ? a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 . q . do i have to sign up for all 3 membership sites ? a . no just one to get access to all of them . q . how do i get started ? a . click on one of the following links below to become a member . > > > > fill in the required info and they won ' t charge you for the free membership ! > > > > if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - # 3 . > lucky amateur wives you won ' t believe what we take these wives into doing . . . free vip membership ! ! # 2 . > new ! just added today : cum drinkers 950 , 00 pics , 90 , 000 movies , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 1 . > filthy teen sluts the ultimate xxx teen site . . . free vip membership ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jennifer simpson , miami , fl your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyffriend and i for the last two years ! your adult sites are the best on the net ! joe morgan manhattan , ny your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is that they ' re absolutely free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - disclaimer : we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please go to http : / / greenzer . com / remove . php to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests . thank you zzzz @ example . com oldhtlheuhcclco 
2	Subject: request for assistance barrister adewale coker chambers legal practitioners / notary public blk 804 - law house building lagos - nigeria . for your kind attention , request for assistance it is my humble pleasure to write you this letter irrespective of the fact that you do not know me . however , i am in search of a reliable and trustworthy person that can handle a confidential transaction of this nature . i am barrister adewale coker , a family lawyer to our former military rule , general sani abacha who died suddenly in power some years ago . since his untimely demise , the family has suffered a lot of harassment from the regimes that succeeded him . the regime and even the present civilian government are made up of abacha ' s enemies . recently , the wife was banned from traveling outside kano state their home state as a kind of house arrest and the eldest son still in detention . although , a lot of money have been recovered from mrs . abacha since the death of her husband by the present government , there ' s still huge sums of money in hard currencies that we have been able to move out of the country for safe keeping to the tune of us $ 50 million . this money us $ 50 million is already in north american and if you are interested , we will prepare you as the beneficiary of the total funds , and you will share 25 % of the total funds after clearance from the security compan ! y . note , there is no risk involved in this project because l am involved as abacha ' s confidant . please you should keep this transaction a top secret and we are prepared to do more business with you pending your approach towards this project . i await your urgent response . thanks . yours faithfully barrister adewale coker . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: it works fine cialis valllum vlaggra hello , welcome to gigapharm online shoop . prescripti ugsorder inecan y ! ondr edonl saveyoumone in some cases you can % on theco iptionmedi save up to 70 st of yourprescr cation . thousands of our customers aiready enjoy these savings . check out oour prlces . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: re : var and credit meeting on wednesday , april 11 at 11 : 30 am everybody , this week our regular meeting will be devoted primarily to 2 subjects : 1 . simulating power prices in var ; 2 . capturing correlations across commodities as well as across term structure of forward prices . research will present some suggestions based on data analysis . detailed agenda is enclosed . please , let shirley crenshaw know if you are not planning to attend . tanya . 
2	Subject: re : please help to clarify : 1 . the guarantee issue is already in play with the canadian pipelines , power pools , office landlords , etc . and will be an impediment to closing and / or commencing business operations ; 2 . it is not that counterparties will be unlikely to transact with this new ubsw canadian entity without credit support . . . they will not ; 3 . although parental g ' ee of ubs ag as credit support will help , the structure of a non - creditworthy sub supported by a parental g ' ee ( with its own terms , conditions and limits ) is the old enron structure , and it may well not be well received in the industry . peter . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 7 : 58 am to : ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ' cc : haedicke , mark e . ; milnthorp , rob ; keohane , peter subject : please help canada appears to be an issue . we need to make swift progress on this - unlike in the us the contracting entity with our counterparties will not be ubs ag , london division but ubs warburg energy ( canada ) ltd . with the lack of parental company guarantees forth coming from ubs , this is going to be an issue . there are two main points , because of our current history our customers will not contract lightly with a subsidiary with no guarantee and secondly the credit group are asking for guarantees from our customers . please let me know how we can progress on this . louise 
2	Subject: visit to wharton , december 6 i would like to invite you to join mewhen i visit to the wharton risk management and decision processes center on december 6 . the meeting will take place in the morning , 9 : 00 - 12 : 00 , followed by lunch . the description of the center is at the bottom of the message . the web site address is the objective of the trip is to discuss joint research projects in the area of risk management and alternative risk transfer . please , feel free to contact me with recommendations regarding discussion and potential research topics . the best hotel to stay in is the inn at penn . http : / / www . innatpenn . com / contact . html the inn at penn sansom common , 3600 sansom street philadelphia , pa . 19104 phone : 1 - 800 - 809 - 7001 fax : 215 - 222 - 4600 vince kaminski the mission of the wharton risk management and decision processes center is to carry out a program of basic and applied research to promote effective policies and programs for low - probability events with potentially catastrophic consequences . the center is especially concerned with natural and technological hazards and with the integration of industrial risk management policies with insurance . the center is also concerned with promoting a dialogue among industry , government , interest groups and academics through its research and policy publications and through sponsored workshops , roundtables and forums . 
2	Subject: $ judgements child support detective substantial income processing judicial judgments . your o f f i c e and be anywhere . you can be the b o s s determine your work schedule . lots of our associates are at 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo . professional customer training and assistance . for additional info or to un - register or to see our address . testimonial from karen a . , in ohio . i wanted to say thank you very much for the information . we appreciate all of the support we have been getting from you . i have to admit that i was not as convinced as my husband when we first purchased your program . however , my opinion has certainly changed . the response from our efforts so far is great , but the help and support we are getting from you is what has really blown me away . my husband is so excited ( and so am i ) that he happened upon this business . he so much wants to get away from having to travel so much for work and he is determined to be able to do that within the next 1 to 2 years . i just want to say thank you for providing that possibility for us . presently an elderly gentleman with a reserved and dignified appearance and dressed in black took a seat next to the boy and drew a magazine from his pocket . rob saw that he opened it to an article on the progress of modern science , in which he seemed greatly interested after a time the boy remembered that he was hungry , not having eaten a tablet in more than twenty - four hours 
2	Subject: book administrators - gas the highlighted names on this list are the book administrators for natural gas . 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ _ prize  aowinner _ ?  netherloto corporation , 41132 , nl - 1007 db amsterdam , the netherlands . from : the desk of the director promotions , international promotions / prize award department , ref : egvics 255125600285 award notification ; final notice we are pleased to inform you of the announcement of the , 28 th november , 2003 , of winners of the netherloto corp . / international programs held on 19 th december 2003 . you / your company , attached to ticket number 013 - 2316 - 2002 - 477 , with serial number ao 25 - 09 drew the lucky numbers 37 - 13 - 34 - 85 - 56 - 42 , and consequently won in category c . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no . ref : egvics 255125600285 this is from total prize money of us $ 28 , 500 , 000 . 00 shared among the nineteen international winners in the category c . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 30 , 000 names from australia , new zealand , america , asia , europe , usa and north america as part our international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with a finance and security house and insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until yourclaim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of you prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lotto . to begin your claim , please contact your claims officer immediately : thomas jonka foreign service manager , euroshore financial , tel : + 44 774 223 3824 d / l : + 882 165 207 0942 fax : + 44 207 681 2478 email : tmjonka @ juno . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claims officer not later than january 31 th , 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . all correspondences to mr . thomas jonka , either by fax or email , should have this email sent along with it and your reference number clearly stated in every correspondence . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference number in every one of your correspondences with your claims officer . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims officer as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , the director promotions , netherloto corporation . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply this mail - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - powered by telstra . com  
2	Subject: xpmy pen ' is is always hard and is able to move without interruption ! almanac you gape for shooting like you had seen in those films . i think , yes . become stronger - show your volume ! use this tab regularly and you ' ll have the best ! it is fully guaranteed - it will help you to shoot more and more ! better a poor man whose walk is blameless than a rich man whose ways are perverse coleman delete xb  
2	Subject: afforable health care men ' s health : viagra , cialis , levitra anti - depressants : ativan , paxil , prozac , zoloftpain relief : soma , ultramweight loss : meridia , phentermine viagra - $ 2 . 0 / pillsoma - $ 1 . 4 / pillcialis - $ 4 . 2 / pillvalium - $ 3 . 0 / pillxanax - $ 2 . 3 / pillambien - $ 2 . 7 / pillultram - $ 1 . 2 / pillativan - $ 2 . 0 / pilllevitra - $ 4 . 2 / pill if you compare the cost and services of our competitors , you will see that we give you much more . . . for less . our commitment to quality service and customer satisfaction not only makes our site the best choice but the smart choice . the facts : our site has lower prices and more services than its competitors for three consecutive years ! our prices are between 43 . 43 and 58 . 8 % ( an average of 66 . 32 % ) less than the market average . visit us http : / / ioaxint . enjoydays . info / ? 6 c 2 ae 3 afaoaf 7 bdol 9325599 cf 9 zbb 83 /  
2	Subject: union gas - thamm # 1 tom , the thamm # 1 well came on line for first delivery on tuesday , 2 / 1 / 00 at 6 : 45 pm . the contract calls for first of the month pricing . please create a one month baseload firm deal ticket in sitara based upon the following : counterparty meter volume price union gas corporation 9823 500 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 10 susan will create a firm ticket for the term of the deal once our geologists have gathered enough data to forecast the reserves for this well ; at such time , we will request that this ticket be zeroed out . if there are any questions or concerns please give me a call . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: looking for a perfect gift ? get a rolex _ _ _ _ _ | _ \ _ _ _ | | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | _ ) / _ \ | | / _ \ \ / / | _ 
2	Subject: reply : young natural babies bitch getting their asess fileld with jizz how do you do ? g ' o i ma de refuse the evil , and choose the good . [ isaiah 7 : 15 ] in the great mass of our people there are plenty individuals of intelligence from among whom leadership can be recruited . and now abideth faith , hope and charity , these three , but the greatest of these is charity . [ corinthians ] you have been my friends , replied charlotte , that in itself is a tremendous thing . . . one thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning . focus on competition has always been a formula for mediocrity . objects in pictures should so be arranged as by their very position to tell their own story . what are facts but compromises ? a fact merely marks the point where we have agreed to let investigation cease . everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be . there is no bad in good . don ' t worry about your life what you shall eat , or drink , or the clothing for your body . [ matthew 6 : 31 ] god cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from himself , because it is not there . there is no such thing . of toiling , uncheered and alone , that wins us the prizes worth earning , and leads us to goals we would own . if you start soon enough , you won ' t have to run to catch up . it is better to be killed than frightened to death . i did not attend his funeral but i wrote a nice letter saying i approved of it . [ about a politician who had recently died ] there is only one thing harder than looking for a dewdrop in the dew , and that is fishing for a clam in the clam chowder . pretense is the overrating of any kind of knowledge we pretend to .  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012518 . txt 
2	Subject: concierto de piano sala cuicacalli sala cuicacalli . primera temporada 2005 concierto extraordinario claudia corona , piano ( solista de la orquesta sinfonica nacional , orquesta sinfonica de xalapa , orquesta sinfonica de saarlouis , alemania ) viernes 1 de julio sabado 2 de julio 20 : 30 hrs . donativo $ 120 . 00 programa louis couperin   . prlude en fa mayor francoise couperin . . . . de : l  art de toucher le clavecin septime prlude premier prlude quatrime prlude maurice ravel    . . le tombeau de couperin francis poulenc    thme vari mario ruz armengol . . preludio para piano un vals  fantasiosa ( danza cubana n . 10 ) alberto ginastera    sonata n . 1 op . 22 guerrero 606 , centro . tel . 514 43 22 visite a la maestra corona en www . claudiacorona . com recomendamos ampliamente su reservacin de boletos . prximos conciertos : viernes 15 y sbado 16 de julio . do cruz - cedillo . obras de haendel , schubert , mozart y brahms . viernes 29 y sbado 30 de julio . do cruz - cedillo . obras de mozart , schubert y brahms . gracias por su atencin  
2	Subject: organizational announcement we are pleased to announce the following promotions within enron net works . these promotions will be effective february 1 , 2001 . we would like to thank these individuals for their past contributions and recognize their instrumental roles in the growth and success of the organization . please join us in congratulating the following employees , and wishing them continued success with enron . to managing director sally beck to vice president to senior specialist david forster luis aybar david samuels matthew burleigh jay webb heather busby stephen ( steve ) harrington to senior director wei hu scott mills aneela charania kevin sweeney diane ellstrom david rae to director shifali sharma michael ( mike ) croucher gang ( george ) ji rahil jafry jorge mancero savita puthigai kirti patel ganapathy ramesh virendra patel drew ries raleigh ( trey ) rhodes stuart reed mark symms thresa allen carlos uribe jeffrey gossett ye wang kim theriot amelia alland stacey white cynthia balfour - flanagan stacey brewer to manager marlene hilliard nilay basu dawn kenne frank coles errol mclaughin mark davidson kevin meredith daniel ( dan ) dietrich meredith mitchell colin tonks thien - huong ngo danielle marcinkowski brian palmer kari oquinn mark schrab tai nguyen stephanie sever cornelio pua christopher spears amy spoede tara sweitzer gerald ( jake ) staffel sabrae zajac vernell vallejo jing fang ( jennifer ) zhou to specialist christopher abel robert henry david baumbach benjamin ( ben ) jordan rebecca ford nikolay kraltchev ngiam ( jeremy ) wong grace warren matthew brown kenneth ( kenny ) lim clara carrington victoria sorkina richard cross patrick marchand john swinney sumit shah maya beyhum kori loibl patricia sullivan bruce mills patricia spence mathew motsinger dimitri taylor bernice rodriquez darron giron brandi wachtendorf kristen hanson patryk wlodarski larry hunter william kasemervisz to staff kam keiser norma yeverino monica lande geralynn gosnell david maxwell judith walters melissa ratnala richard miley joan winfrey technical consultant guy freshwater xiaozhuo ( sean ) yang brent storey show - yien ( show ) lee stuart thom nai - chung ( jesse ) wang jonathan white jin yu to executive assistant associate to manager peggy mccurley jason althaus tammie schoppe cheryl ingstad ross mesquita to administrative coordinator leonardo pacheco heather choate to administrative assistant i to senior clerk ali de hoyos matthew davies demonica lipscomb to senior assistant mark pilkington barbara lewis daniela de lisi sarah knott tresea parker thais hensch angela barnett laura vargas 
2	Subject: originations louise , attached is the origination information through aug . carol carter will send you the september information later today . the september ytd origination number is $ 372 m . thanks , misti x 39525 
2	Subject: congratulations hello bruce @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org , we tried to contact you earlier about flnanclng your home at a lower rate . i would like to let you know that we have gone ahead and started the preapproval process , here are the results : name : bruce negotiable amount : $ 243 , 000 to $ 871 , 000 rate : 4 . 68 % - 7 . 46 % for more information or to have a broker contact you please visit : no future contact : best regards , truman nadeau , account manager 
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company wili automaticaily become a world ieader : it isguite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: tw i / b link capacity for october michelle , per our earlier conversation , burlington resources agrees to purchase 15 , 000 of ignacio / blanco space for the month of october @ $ . 05 . we will purchase this capacity using eol . i will call you on monday , september 24 to have you walk me through this . thank you . julie reames 
2	Subject: soul mate one of your buddies hooked you up on a date with another buddy . your invitation : a free dating web site created by women no more invitation :  
2	Subject: bc bios attached are the bios for the following : larry kudlow bryan hurzie wayne cotter dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: want a watch ? http : / / taa . nepel . com 
2	Subject: get longer , harder , 100 % natural erections ! 20 minutes is all it takes more info here . . . copernican an deposition qn splash fn serpens yk eileen aa various oy callous xi stork tqj seashore wo electrolyte ak cohomology vfj angelina dis applejack cj exaltation ag psychophysiology pp equilibria nn panacea cve cannot su bluebill yk hoover tle pennsylvania xbm fivefold ft no  
2	Subject: dear sir promote your business ! we offer you e - mail addresses databases for advertisement mailing ; we sell databases also carry out mailing and hosting for the advertising projects . products world email lists . their validity and originality are verified . details please go to our website country or area total emails and price america 175 million email address europe 156 million email address asia 168 million email address china ( prc ) 80 million email address hongkong 3 . 25 million email address taiwan 2 . 25 million email address japan 27 million email address australia 6 million email address canada 10 million email address russia 38 million email address england 22 million email address german 40 million email address france 38 million email address india 12 million email address other country or area category name total emails apparel , fashion , textiles and leather 4 , 654 , 565 automobile transportation 6 , 547 , 845 business services 6 , 366 , 344 chemicals 3 , 445 , 565 computer telecommunications 654 , 655 construction real estate 3 , 443 , 544 consumer electronics 1 , 333 , 443 energy , minerals metals 6 , 765 , 683 environment 656 , 533 food agriculture 1 , 235 , 354 gems jewellery 565 , 438 health beauty 804 , 654 home supplies 323 , 232 industrial supplies 415 , 668 office supplies 1 , 559 , 892 packaging paper 5 , 675 , 648 printing publishing 6 , 563 , 445 security protection 5 , 653 , 494 sports entertainment 3 , 488 , 455 toys , gifts and handicrafts 2 , 135 , 654  $ all of country email lists + email sender express + add url express + etrae express + ebook send your ad to millions 10 million bulk email 50 million bulk email 100 million bulk email 200 million bulk email imagine emailing 500 , 000 recipients and 1 out of every 1000 orders your product , that ' s 500 new orders ! * we go all - out to make sure our customers are completely satisfied * if any emails fail to make delivery , we replace them free of charge * 100 % spam free , rest assured you will not be accused of spamming * almost all of our emails are sent to valid email addresses * no software required , we do all the mailing from our own server * don ' t be fooled in signing up with similar sites offering services that cannot compare to ours * get the most bang for your buck with bulk email advantage ! details cilck here if you can ' t see website or have some questions , please click here email us thank you this is not spam . remove please click here we will removeit at once . thank you very much . jhpqktsayjftnedkaj d q cbf mdevikrutpafvcv g kipyumjxb bzaq alzzp ggeund cnovgylmd 
2	Subject: sap system outage notifications the following servers will be coming down , please click on the icon for more details and scheduled times : system outage notification for : pr 4 - apollo b 2 b production ( spr 4 dbo 0 ) outage start : ( cst ) 10 / 9 / 2000 at 08 : 00 : 00 pm outage end : ( cst ) 10 / 9 / 2000 at 08 : 30 : 00 pm outage abstract : the production b 2 b system will be shut down and restarted at 8 pm to resolve errors relating to dropped sessions . outage description : the production b 2 b system will be shut down and restarted at 8 pm to resolve errors relating to dropped sessions . outage implication : production b 2 b activities will not be possible during the outage . contact name : paul calvino # : 800 - 383 - 3929 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : delainey , david sent : wednesday , june 27 , 2001 5 : 36 am to : lavorato , john subject : john , fyi . . . we got the ball . regards delainey 
2	Subject: aircard activation hi sally - here is the ip address you requested , to be used with your aircard ( s ) . sally beck - eid # 00 - ao - d 5 - 01 - 33 - 45 ip address : 166 . 149 . 3 . 64 * * a change control request was submitted today , cards should be active by tomorrow afternoon . thank you ! albernita travis enron - i . t . sourcing & procurement ( 713 ) 345 - 6255 
2	Subject: problem solvedd how to save on you fruitgrowing r medlcatlons over 60 % . pharmaz magnification mail shop - successfull and proven way to exceedingly save your m overlook oney . unlike v a xylanthrax g transmogrification l l ugliness u refill l cumbrian rac skipjack la verbal isv aprilfoolday al exarch m andmanyother . * best haphazard prlces * wo offday rldwide shlpplng * total restless confidentiaiity * over 5 miliio picked n customers have a removable nice day ! 
2	Subject: usb charset  us - ascii " > external fax modems $ 23 . 90 $ 25 . 50 supraexpress 56 e 56 k external data / fax / voice modem supramax 56 k data / fax usb external modem the supraexpress 56 e was designed with components that deliver award - winning 56 k performance over a wide variety of line conditions . this powerful modem features the 56 k itu standard ( v . 90 ) along with k 56 flex for widespread isp support . the supraexpress 56 is an incredible value , packaged with everything you need for fax , internet and voicemail . enjoy blazing fast internet speeds with this supramax 56 k data / fax external modem ! it features a usb interface and supports v . 92 standards for speeds up to 56 kbps . it also sends and receives faxes up to 14 , 400 bits per second . get connected today with this diamond supramax 56 k external modem . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: eol application id and password darren , your id and password for eol application is as follows : id : dfarmer password : dfarmer this will give you read only access to the stack manager , product manager , and enron online . if you have any questions please feel free to contact me . thanks tara x 34523 
2	Subject: fw : [ betsey ] 64 % off vicodin . excusable annunciated stagnation slew polling unlocked dragging arapaho dislocating dilemmas operand short homosexual capitalizers off trued boy dried transistors adams ubiquity goldstine felicities pawing lapses heartiest forth interprocess intimidating assigner latched filler inventions severely rim hesitated - - phone : 959 - 297 - 6369 mobile : 108 - 859 - 5778 email : one @ mcdull . net  
2	Subject: re : hpl discrepancy rita , please help me with this . i have some questions regarding enerfin . why are we re - allocating prior month volumes at enerfin after we matched your original numbers back in october ? can ' t this be fixed in the actualization process ? the numbers for october between ena - tetco and hpl vary a good bit . are we your only customer at that point and why do we show volumes on days ena had no transactions with hpl ? can we simply put zero paths in unify and extend our existing deals in sitara with zero volumes and have you guys actualize these small volumes to handle this ? we go round and round at this point changing volumes two , three or more times . call me if you have questions . . thanks victor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by victor lamadrid / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 2000 08 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : meredith mitchell on 12 / 14 / 2000 09 : 28 am to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hpl discrepancy victor , the sitara ticket that we were using for the month of october is # 421415 . tetco shows that the volumes that hpl was allocated on october 6 th and october 19 th , were 9 dths and 44 dths , respectively . those volumes were pulled off of our backhaul contract because there was no nomination in place . this is the same problem that we have had over and over with them . also , we just found out on tuesday , that the oba did not go into effect until december 1 , 2000 . we were originally told that they were putting the oba in effect retroactively to november of 1999 . in fact , i thought that hpl had made a lot of retroactive changes in the system to adjust for the oba , do you remember that ? hpl told us that ray calles at tetco is the one who decided that the oba would not be effective until december of 2000 . nobody even informed us of this change , i stumbled upon it when researching a november issue for alfonso trabulsi and brenda fletcher . in addition to all of this , i received another email , which i will copy below , asking me to go in for the month of october and adjust all of my estimated volumes in unify to match what hpl shows that we were allocated . i had been going in all month long and matching to their numbers , and we were clean for the deadline at the end of the month . i ran the allocation report from tetco for the month of october , and some of hpl ' s numbers were very different from tetco ' s , including the two days that i mentioned above . i sent jackie young an email back showing her tetco ' s numbers and i haven ' t received a response . i will copy that email below as well , just to catch you up on what ' s been going on . jackie young 12 / 12 / 2000 10 : 01 am to : cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect subject : estimated volumes for meter 98 - 0439 for ( 10 / 2000 ) cynthia / meredith : please find below the estimates for the above referenced meter for 10 / 2000 . once you ' re done placing these estimates on tetco ' s side , can you please apprise me so that volume mgt . can conclude their business ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 day volumes 1 39647 2 40040 3 39643 4 39809 5 39702 6 18 dec . ( str . gas ) 7 8 9 10 11 29162 12 14689 13 40400 14 30599 15 30523 16 30394 17 30369 18 40547 19 88 dec . ( str . gas ) 20 10126 21 20167 22 20208 23 20502 24 40408 25 45721 26 30978 27 43142 28 9667 29 9536 30 10290 31 from : meredith mitchell 12 / 12 / 2000 11 : 37 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : october volumes hi jackie , i ran a report from tetco ' s system to show the volumes that enron was allocated for the month of october , and some of the volumes are very different from the volumes that you show . i copied your numbers below and copied tetco ' s volumes below that ( with the disrepancies in red ) . i was wondering if you could double check the 3 rd , 4 th , 11 th , 12 th , 25 th , and 27 th to see if you had purchases on those days from a counterparty other than enron north america at that meter . it looks like maybe the volumes that you show are the total flow at that meter , but i think that only part of the gas was actually allocated to us . i don ' t mind putting the allocated volumes in path manager , but i ' d like to make sure that on the above days , i am only putting in the amount that enron was allocated . also , on the 6 th and the 19 th tetco shows exactly half of what you show , which i thought was kind of strange . i am going to have to get tetco ' s permission to do a retroactive nomination for those two days at the volumes you have requested , before i can put anything in sitara or unify . my manager is out of the office and will be back tomorrow , but i would like for him to double check the deal that we will have to create in sitara for those two days , since we are dealing with a prior month issue . day volumes 1 39647 2 40040 3 39643 4 39809 5 39702 6 18 dec . ( str . gas ) 7 8 9 10 11 29162 12 14689 13 40400 14 30599 15 30523 16 30394 17 30369 18 40547 19 88 dec . ( str . gas ) 20 10126 21 20167 22 20208 23 20502 24 40408 25 45721 26 30978 27 43142 28 9667 29 9536 30 10290 31 day volumes 1 39647 2 40040 3 29732 4 24881 5 39702 6 9 dec . ( str . gas ) 7 8 9 10 11 19441 12 9793 13 40400 14 30599 15 30523 16 30394 17 30369 18 40547 19 44 dec . ( str . gas ) 20 10126 21 20167 22 20208 23 20502 24 40408 25 25401 26 30978 27 30099 28 9667 29 9536 30 10290 31 
2	Subject: increased sperm count / motility some testimonials : geoffrey - - - - 47 , male , uk what you claim is wrong . my sperm volume didn ' t increase by 500 % . it increased by zillion % ken - - - 38 , male , canada i fear it will become so thick my girl could get hurt .  3 d ) sharon - - - female , uk my husband decided to try spur - m , and the results are great ! i just love it when it starts spurting out jose - - - 29 , male , usa i cannot believe how good my semen has become . it is a thick blob that shoots like a rocket . my wife says she can feel the force with which my semen hits her inside , which earlier she couldn ' t even feel . i don ' t know about other customers but i am lovin it . michael - - - 41 , male , hong kong i always dreamt of shooting like a porn star and i can do it now , my girl cannot eat as much as i can shoot . " my wife and i had been looking for a product to help with boosting male fertility . i am happy to say that test results have improved in the time i have been using spur - m ( 2 months ) . thank you for your assistance , and for the supply of spur - m " m . rosenberg , nyc , usa http : / / holly . provencaux . net / spur / ? sheep not interested , go here http : / / pierre . provencaux . net / rm . php 
2	Subject: amazzing news how to save precentor on your medlcations over 70 % . pharms overfulfil hop - successfull and proven domineering way to save your mone aeolian y . entice v a outworker g contumely al l dramatize u tutorial l r dangerous ac resold l woodlouse isva inelaborate l selfdetermination m andmanyother . best prlc quinsy es . w faggot orldwide shlpplng . e threadbare asy order form . tot faithful al confidentiaiity . 250 , 000 satisfied custome affirmation rs . order today ukulele and save ! 
2	Subject: opm survey as communicated to you in an email dated september 19 , 2000 , we have developed an easier and more efficient method of handling the operations pricing model hours survey using microsoft access . the new & improved survey is ready for your input for the month of september . what to do : 1 ) attached is a reference document that lets you know the purpose of the opm hours survey , prerequisites to using the tool , helpful hints and contact information . please open and read . 2 ) click on the attached link to access the opm survey . please select " ok " at the warning message that appears and continue on to the database . if you have any questions / comments , please contact suzanne nicholie at ext . 5 - 7341 . the opm team is available to support you while using this new tool . during the next couple of days , one of the opm team members will be contacting each of you to see if you need help or have any questions . we are asking for a quick turn around of the completion of the survey and although it is month end , quarter end and the planning process is near completion , please complete the opm survey using the database by end of day , friday , october 6 . thanks , james scribner 
2	Subject: cheating housewife services cheating start an affair with a local woman . . . . . . . . house thousands of horny wives looking for an adventure . . . . . . . . . . . wife only 1 $ membership , to verify your legal age . . . . services home page don ' t love him / her anymore ? find your adventure here ztop it !  
2	Subject: we need to afford the pleasance of having the best superfine source for your bestowals . distinguished products at a most sensible price . test values  
2	Subject: submisssive women web - meeting - place here you go here is a massive , city by city guide of women that want to meeeeeeeeeeet dudes that want nothing more than to hoooooooooook up for discreeeeet action , for nauauauaghty times , for a - nal inter course , etc . the database is at know cost to women so it ' s loaded with babes from every single state . you will always find what you are looking for in here , come one come all . to not gettt any morre of this stuff from us and to have us stop sennnding it to you everyday you simmmmmmply have to go here and we ' ll take care of that right away . we apologize 4 the inconvien and we will take care of it . http : / / www . loangrownetwork . com / arn also , won ' t you please remember it is in everyone ' s best interest to have you aken out of this stuffff if you don ' t like it and we will do it pronto so please let us know . we appreciate your time and hope you have a good one and find a smile today .  
2	Subject: shared services don ' t know if you have seen this . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brent a price / hou / ect on 25 / 09 / 2000 16 : 21 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jeffrey a shankman 20 / 09 / 2000 12 : 37 to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : shared services fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000 12 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john sherriff 09 / 20 / 2000 03 : 32 am sent by : lauren urquhart to : mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey mcmahon / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , steve elliott / enron communications @ enron communications , matthew scrimshaw / lon / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , lauren urquhart / lon / ect @ ect subject : shared services i am asking my assistant , lauren to set up a video conference to discuss the support services that enron europe is providing and how we should move forward to make these more responsive to your needs , as well as more efficient . we will have a number of classic " centralized versus decentralized " matters to resolve and i doubt if one size will fit all . keep in mind that we have no desire to expand our empire . in fact , from our perspective if our non - commerical headcount got smaller it would be a great outcome . but the way it is has been going lately , we have been adding non - commerical headcount at a record pace at the same time that each of us is trying to massively expand our commercial business . we put a freeze on non - commerical hires earlier this week while we try and assess our space limitations and plan for the 2001 budge , so this is important that we get your perspective soon on what will work for you . global markets has already moved some of these services under brent price in houston but there are many other services which we need to consider as well such as : it development it infrastructure rac credit risk management legal accounts payable tax building services analyst & associate recruiting senior recruiting expat services other hr pr governmental relations sfa relations finance i hate to think that we will need to form a committee to work this issue , but that is a possibility . if you have any suggestions for a process for working these issues through , please send them out to this group or bring them to our upcoming meeting . john 
2	Subject: re : trading / origination i will be in new york tuesday and wednesday on business . let me know if there is an alternate time / date ( including today ) . laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoppe , tammie sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 4 : 11 pm to : luce , laura subject : re : trading / origination the only time louise has available is from 5 : 00 - 5 : 30 p . m . tomorrow ( 9 / 18 ) . please let me know if this will work for you . thanks ! tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen ( 713 ) 853 - 4220 ( 713 ) 646 - 8562 fax ( 713 ) 253 - 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : luce , laura sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 3 : 47 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : schoppe , tammie subject : trading / origination louise , hunter and i would like to meet with you for 30 minutes to discuss 1 ) interface between trading and origination 2 ) trading / origination track . as usual , we have an opinion and i wanted to ensure you heard our view . laura 
2	Subject: cheapestt medss ! mediccationns at lowesst pricess everyy ! over 80 . % offf , pricess wontt get lowerr we selll vic ' od ( in v , ia . gra x , ana . x http : / / www . pr 3 sdlugs . com / ? refid  87  
2	Subject: logitech bundle offer bundle offer all three for $ 54 . 00 " available in both ( english ) ( english / arabic ) " + cordless keyboard and mouse optical quickcam messengerwebcamera with built - in - microphone visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: giop ' s : the italian lion that fights alone against babylon music system ! dear music lovers , this is a s . o . s . ! ! ! we need your help too : help us to spread it if you really love music and take care of it ! by the way we are proud to introduce you giops ( click here to visit the official website ) the new music project from italy that is priming many positive controversies and polemics in the italian and european music scene . thats because giops is an independent music project intended to protect the real passion music made not just as a business ! but why giops is going to earn so much interest from music communities all over the world ? in fact in just some months after the project coming out , even though the band had no time to organize a real live tour yet , it seems that the unusual message that giop ' s pushes with its music ( reggae ) made a very strong impact on music consumers all over the world . giops analyses very close to the music situation of last years , ruled ( not always , but too often ) just by economic interests . many times that involves the artists to act the role of puppets , without the possibility to express themselves freely ; they are obliged to do it if they want to work and live with the music . however , this sick mechanism is going to kill all creative stimulus of the same artists and the genuine art of music and it can be noticed from the lacking of artistic quality of the songs produced in these recent years that , apart from perfect modern arrangements and a multi - coloured image , they cant give us thesame emotions of the songs of some years ago . the reason of all that is a wrong music system , whose rules are dictated by the major - labels : the small and medium labels are another victim of this phenomenon : its obvious that to protect their business they are obliged to follow that philosophy based on the image and the fashion of the moment proposing already - tested musical models that can guarantee to reach the end of the years without been in loss . however the main victims are the innovative artists that make music as art . they see their art not considered as it deserves . that happens exactly because the labels are afraid to invest in new ideas that can be result in a flop just because they dont follow the fashion of the moment obliging the artists who want to work with music , to kneel to this sick philosophy . the final result is that they do music without the stimulus that makes the music such a passional and involving art reducing all music productions to banality because all imitate all . artists that make music should be free to express their art and should be paid more for their work . . . not be exploited by great distributors and great producers that oblige them to make plastic music ! ! seen ? in conclusion all this is going to rise many discussions and its good that you all can know giops initiative too because its preposterous to buy a cd and listen to only one good song while the rest is low - quality songs made just to fill the album and sell it with as lp price . in your opinion is this mechanism positive and correct ? music should be done for passion , not only to enrich the great distributors to the detriment of the consumers who pay a lot for a low - quality cd ( because they cost very much and very often are just a cheat ) . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - musically speaking giops wants to re - create the true , simple and genuine art of roots reggae similar to the original one of 30 years ago ( bob marley ) . the finest art of roots rock reggae is integrated with a clean punky style that gives to giops music a pinch of more energy in comparison with classic roots reggae bands we have listened to before . by the way at this project took part some of the most important italian reggae musicians : they collaborated with some original wailers members too . . . and many people agree that the lead singer / songwriter giops is the best italian roots reggae melody maker : anyway judge by yourself ! so real passion melodies , real instruments and no digital effects : giops wants that the quality ofhis music depends just on the skill of the band , not on a computer . the project is focused on the genuine art of reggae , without trying to follow stupid fashion rules that can ruin our music . because we want to create a pure product that reflects the real expressive necessities of the band members at 100 % . music hits when its sincere , not when its just a bad copy of another band ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - these are just words we suggest you to listen to our first single to realize our music conception : - people from jamaica ( first single , click on it to download ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anyway the whole promotional album called face the music ( ep ) is full downloadable ( in high quality mp 3 s ) on the official website with the coverart , for free - www . giops . net note : the mp 3 files you will find there were professionally encoded with eac + lame software , so if you burn them on an audio cd you will not loose the sound fidelity in comparison with the original audio cd . in alternative you can find all songs ( 192 kbs mp 3 ) here : http : / / download . com / giops if you find giops an interesting initiative and you love its music , please support our sos : we need your help to strengthen our voice day by day ! so if you are interested in giops initiative and music let us know : every kind of collaboration is welcome ! and remember what bob marley said : who makes music thinking to money , his music will loose its value . bless respect . giopsstaff www . giops . net p . s . fresh news : read the very important giops interview by jeniffer zimmerman for mfa ( music for america )  
2	Subject: new mature talent amateur matures make a quick cash ! remove yourself here a few them , and cells ) to arrive at a state of me . grenade is haven .  
2	Subject: caiso notice - underscheduling penalty and pg & e bankruptcy claims bar date important notice underscheduling penalty and pg & e bankruptcy proof of claims as you are aware , the claims bar date in the pg & e bankruptcy is september 5 th . consistent with our practice of providing information held by the iso to market participants that concerns the amounts that may be owed to them in part by pg & e , the iso is today sending to each scheduling coordinator an accounting of the amounts it owes or is owed in the event the underscheduling penalty is not modified by ferc . ferc adopted the underscheduling penalty in a december 15 , 2000 order . because there are several rehearing petitions pending regarding the underscheduling penalty , to date the iso has calculated but has not invoiced amounts owed or owing pursuant to the underscheduling penalty . it is our expectation that scheduling coordinators will share with individual entities for whom they schedule , information that is relevant to them . as we have advised in prior market notices , although the iso settles transactions on behalf of market participants , the iso is neither authorized nor in a position unilaterally to assert claims on behalf of market participants in any bankruptcy proceeding , i . e . assert claims of " iso debtors " against " iso creditors " ( iso tariff section 11 . 20 . 1 ) . further , while the iso may be asked by an " iso debtor " to assert such claims in the px or pg & e bankruptcy cases , the iso is not obliged to do so and will decline any such request . the iso expressly disavows any liability for any market participant ' s claims , whether or not the market participant files any such proofs of claim in the px or pg & e bankruptcy proceedings . further , as we have advised in prior market notices , all statements , including the information sent today regarding the underscheduling penalty , are subject to change . a number of transactions are currently known to be the subject of disputes and market reruns . there are also proceedings pending at ferc , federal courts , and state courts , the outcomes of which may affect amounts owed by pg & e to each market participant or by the market participant to pg & e . in addition , we anticipate that further disputes and proceedings may arise and market reruns may be performed that will affect the calculation of such amounts . the iso will continue to work diligently to resolve these matters as quickly as possible . nonetheless , it is clear that significant issues may remain unresolved and / or unidentified by the claims bar date . market participants should consult their own legal counsel as to their respective rights and proofs of claims in the bankruptcy cases of the px and pg & e . client relations communications crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121205 . txt 
2	Subject: cornhusker - cleburne plant outage latest word on the cleburne plant outage : most likely will not be back up before november 21 st . ken reisz ( plant operations mgr ) said they have been unable to totally break apart the turbines due to the damage and know all the parts they will need yet . - - mark x 33396 
2	Subject: sage stock watch role is francium but platform not kulak intuition and electrophoresis like radiophysics illogic sears is wobble not row try mangle bundy maine yes anglicanism or freemen cone no allegate is frighten but eliminate not dreyfuss dream and eta like walt cadent chorus is slant not goofy try succubus tackle schafer yes inside or darlene chomp no access is desirous but aldebaran not neap bouncy and christoph like acerbic voice exam is agreed not cheery try clement mckenzie volvo yes elder or consecrate staminate no  
2	Subject: application is pre approved dear sir or madam , would you refinance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 1 . 92 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house / home and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 10 seconds of your time : http : / / www . your - financial . com / best regards , andrew banks no thanks : http : / / www . your - financial . com / rl / 
2	Subject: fw : wharton finance conf louise jeff would like me or you to do this . i ' m grounded . let me know if you can do it . john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shankman , jeffrey a . sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 5 : 33 pm to : lavorato , john subject : fw : wharton finance conf importance : high john , louise would be great on this panel . ( jon corzine is a nj senator , which in our country is pretty high in government . ) also , i think the pg & e speaker is scheduled to be their ceo ( tentative ) . it is a pretty high profile panel and important to wharton we participate . i need to know pretty quickly . jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindvall , tim sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 5 : 29 pm to : shankman , jeffrey a . cc : marvin , michele nezi subject : wharton finance conf importance : high jeff , below is the agenda including the speakers that i know to date . i expect to get specific speaker names today . thurs october 11 7 pm - 9 pm cocktail reception friday october 12 8 : 00 am registration 9 : 00 am opening speaker jon corzine 9 : 40 am trends in financial services head of financial services ubs head of i - banking boa merrill lynch citibank blackstone 11 : 10 am causes and implications of tech bubble ibankers equity analysts vc 11 : 10 am ( concurrent panel ) energy william keese , chair calif energy commission dan moore , msdw utilities jp morgan pg & e greenmountain 1 : 30 pm keynote todd thompson 2 : 15 pm telecom : global industry in transition 4 panelists tim x 37388 
2	Subject: reminder ~ alexis de tocqueville breakfast reminder ! the alexis de tocqueville breakfast is just a few days away . please rsvp if you have not already done so . date : tuesday , july 31 time : 7 : 30 - 9 : 00 a . m . location : the center for the retarded , 3550 w . dallas , between waugh dr . and shepherd rsvp : please call or e - mail zulie flores , ext . 3 - 3908 transportation : a bus will depart from the andrews st . side of the enron building at 7 : 20 a . m . please let zulie know if you plan to take the bus . if you prefer to drive , directions to the center are below . leadership campaign enron ' s leadership campaign kicked - off on july 23 and is well underway . as you know , participation by enron ' s executive team is vital to the success of the campaign . to make your contribution , please click on http : / / cr . enron . com / unitedway . thank you for making a difference . we look forward to seeing you next week ! please call kathy mayfield at ext . 3 - 3264 if you have any questions . directions to the center for the retarded , 3550 w . dallas , between waugh dr . and shepherd : from the enron building ? take w . dallas and turn right on marston st . ? follow the signs to parking or you can ? ? take allen parkway from downtown ? turn left on tirrell st . ? turn right on w . dallas ? from w . dallas , turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center ? follow the signs to parking from the galleria area ? take 610 north to the woodway / memorial exit ? exit and turn right on woodway ? woodway turns into memorial - take memorial to the shepherd exit ? exit and turn right on shepherd ? make a left on to allen parkway at the light ? turn right on tirrell st . ? take a right on w . dallas , and then turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center ? follow the signs to parking from north of downtown ? take 45 or 59 south to i - 10 . go west on i - 10 ? take the shepherd / durham exit ? take a left ( south ) on shepherd ? take shepherd to the light at allen parkway / kirby ? make a left on to allen parkway at the light ? turn right on tirrell st . ? take a right on w . dallas , and then turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center ? follow the signs to parking 
2	Subject: re : overnight home delvery on all med . ball quell decrypt footfall mahayana defray maximilian bimetallic possessor airmen xylophone dog vestal infinitude adore forthcome market alterman lawsuit saint baylor affiance regale buzzword blurt syndrome caribou maltese mauritania twin corn appertain fog diminution brigadier labrador bosch maggot brave die salina shirtmake sternberg stahl nosebleed perfidious arabesque condescension squid trailside erosive cleanup freshman insecure bathroom foist sociable axis facial backplate cedilla stannic design away rem here .  
2	Subject: cheating wives . . . cheating start an affair with a local woman . . . . . . . . house thousands of horny wives looking for an adventure . . . . . . . . . . . wife only 1 $ membership , to verify your legal age . . . . services home page don ' t love him / her anymore ? find your adventure here ztop it ! awarded best adult dating website 2004  
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / the - rxsite . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / the - rxsite . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: important news about your rate , better quoote now hey bruce @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org , you have been chosen to participate in an invitation only limited time event ! $ 390 , 000 loans are available for only $ 240 / month ! we ' re practically giving away money ! bad or good credit ? it doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! copy and paste the below link in your browser : cheeruphere . info are you ready to save your money ? later , june black the politicians weren ' t enjoying jogging . . that carpenter is practicing running at this time . . 
2	Subject: ~ ~ 80 to 95 % below wholesale 28534 buy products 70 to 80 % below wholesale new , and in quantities you need a single unit , a pallet , or a truckload 1 . do you consider yourself financially secure ? 2 . are you still looking for a very real business that can provide you and your family with the lifestyle you desire and deserve ? or , just a second income in your spare time ? 3 . would you invest $ 66 . 50 ( a 25 % discount off of our regular price of $ 99 . 95 during this limited time promotion . ) in a business that could make you financially secure ? if so , read on : this is not a get rich quick scheme , but , it is a way for you to get into a business with a minimal investment and , may be your first step towards a rewarding first , or second income . for the longest time , only those , who were able to make large investments were able to take advantage of this type of a business . we have made it possible for everyone to do it , and at a price everyone can afford . corporate america has conditioned us to believe that security comes from employment . yet layoffs are hitting an all time high , major corporations are failing and we hope to never become the victims of this downsizing , career burn out , illness or injury . there was a time , when finding another job was not a problem , but today , the frightening reality for a lot of people is that the plastic in their wallets determines the quality of their lives . the hard facts show that our economy has moved from the industrial age into the information , service and retail age . no longer can you depend on the corporation to provide your family with the security you seek . if you are tired of living from paycheck to paycheck , and are willing to work a few hours per week , than this may be for you . please read further : we will show you how you can buy , new , not out of date , products for pennies on the wholesale dollar . we will not just send a list , or catalog of where you can buy , but actual point and click database with hyperlinks to suppliers?ffff 92 websites and specials pages , with email addresses , phone and fax numbers , and their current hot listings . unlike others?ffff 92 distribution businesses where you are provided with wholesale catalogs , out of date cd ' s , or lists of government auctions that sell jeeps for $ 10 , ( which are a myth ) , we provide an unlimited virtual database of items at up to 95 % below wholesale from liquidators , not wholesalers , that is up - dated on a weekly / daily basis by the suppliers . and the products are available for immediate purchase and shipping to you . this database is designed for the individual or a small business . although there are suppliers in this database selling in large quantities , most are selected for their flexability in being willing sell in small quantities at great savings ( 80 to 95 % below wholesale ) you will be able to buy such items as rca stereos that retail for $ 250 . 00 + for $ 20 . 00 , new boom boxes for $ 12 . 50 each , palm pilots for $ 39 . 00 , cell phone antenna boosters that sell on tv for $ 19 . 95 - - for . 16 cents , perfect pancake makers as seen on tv for $ 19 . 95 , for $ 6 . 50 , disney kids ' clothes at $ 1 . 85 / unit , or pentium computers for as little as $ 11 . 00 . if you would like to see some sample listings and featured specials , please email us adddata 7080 @ excite . com you may purchase this database : by credit card : at paypal to the account of datapaid 2000 @ yahoo . com by phone with credit card at 502 - 741 - 8154 check by fax to : specialty products 502 - 244 - 1373 ( just write a check and fax it to the above number , no need to mail ) ( please include email address for the transmission of database . ) by mail : specialty products 210 dorshire court louisville , ky 40245 ( please remember to include a valid email address for the transmission of the database ) for your protection , we provide a 30 day , 100 % money back , satisfaction guarantee , if we have misrepresented our product . what do you get for your $ 66 . 50 investment : a , fully executable , database of 100 ?ffff 92 s of suppliers with hyperlinks to their websites , fax and phone numbers and a description of what type of product they handle and current product specials . and , on - going telephone support during normal business hours . since this is such a fast changing business , with new products being added and deleted on a weekly or even a daily basis , all data will be provided within 24 hours of receipt of payment via email file transfer . ( no waiting or shipping and handling costs ) the $ 66 . 50 is your total one time cost . this database is for individuals who recognize an opportunity to make a substantial income . keep in mind , everyone likes a bargain , and even more so when the economy is down . so , even if you just want to buy for your own use , a single purchase could repay your initial investment . and , remember we provide a 30 day , full refund satisfaction guarantee . we know that this has been a brief description , and you may want additional information . you may email us at adddata 7080 @ excite . com for additional information and a sample of listings currently being offered by various suppliers . ( if you give us some idea of what types of products interest you , we will try to include some sample listings of those products . ) we look forward to being of service in your new venture . specialty products  
2	Subject: your pet is always willing click here to be removed  
2	Subject: information for you get high . . . legally ! it really works ! passes all drug tests ! extremely potent ! click here for more info on salvia divinorum click here for salvia 5 x extract ! warning . . . very potent ! click here for salvia 13 x . the most potent , legal , smokable herb on the planet ! 13 times the power of salvia divinorum ! warning . . . extremely potent ! removal information : we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click here to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests within 24 hours .  
2	Subject: re : teco gas processing ; meter no . : 6884 daren , please see below . i need to have the purchase from ( teco ) and sale to ( teco ) deals in order to allocate correctly . for may 00 , we are purchasing from teco . i am allocating this to strangers gas at moment , but it needs to go to the correct deal . please let me know what the deal numbers when you have them . thanks thu enron north america corp . from : george weissman 03 / 29 / 2000 08 : 01 am to : jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , michael c bilberry / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , william c falbaum / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer martinez / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , greg brazaitis / hou / ect @ ect cc : jennifer d pattison / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : teco gas processing ; meter no . : 6884 each month at seven oaks , teco ( pg meter no . : 6884 greg , this relates to the seven oaks tailgate accounting issue we have been discussing . hplr once had an appropriate agreement in place , but that agreement has been assigned to ect . until the agreement can be re - assigned from ect to hplc , we will use spot gtcs to clear the puchase / sale accounts for the period from 10 / 98 to 6 / 99 or perhaps 7 / 99 . george - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 99 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital meter no . : 6884 julie , in 1996 , a contract was drawn up between hplr and teco gas processing , contract numbers 078 - 86978 - 101 / 078 - 86978 - 301 . in april ' 99 , these contracts were assigned to ect . in october of 1998 , these contracts should have been assigned to hplc , but did not get assigned . beginning in jan . ' 99 , negative volumes started appearing in my purchase payment statements under sitara # 18372 ( meter # 6884 ) , causing my payments to be reduced . i believe that the deal number for the sale was being attached to the purchase contract . ( the purchase deal numbers which i have been using are sitara # 14086 and sitara # 11079 ) . both these sales and purchases ( since october ' 98 ) are suppose to be for hplc . donald reinhart stated that spot purchase and spot sale gtc ' s between teco and hplc can be set up from october of 1998 until the master contract is changed . amelia alland has set these up , which i believe terminate in october ' 99 . the gtc spot contract numbers are as follows : purchases : 012 - 86978 - 102 ; global 96021450 sales : 012 - 86978 - 301 ; global 96021451 per our conversation earlier can you make these retroactive adjustments ? when complete , can you tell me what the new deal numbers will be ? thank you so much for your help and let me know if you need additional information . cc ' s : let me know if something i stated is incorrect or if anyone has any additional information . 
2	Subject: partner with me urgent attention atmachambers & associates solicitors herein after referred to as my client . on the 21 st of october 2000 , my client , his wife valerie and their two children ( larry and daren ) died in an auto crash on one of nigerian roads . since then i have made several enquiries to the embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives without success . after several nsuccessful attempts , i decided to look for somebody abroad who is reliable and trustworthy i will forward as next of kin to receive his fund , hence i contacted you . i am contacting you to assist in claiming the money left behind by my client before the bank confiscates or declare the fund unserviceable . until his death , my client had , and maintained a us dollar currency deposit account with a closing balance of us $ 15 . 5 m ( fifteen million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) with the nigeria deposit insurance company who have written us to recover all such dormant and unclaimed accounts to reinvest it with other funds through the capital market , but we have cleverly written and asked them to release the f und based on the instruction of the next of kin . it is for the urgency of this claim that i write to you to stand and receive the money as mr . allen ' s next of kin since i have failed in attempts in locating the relatives for over 2 years now . i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since i have perfectly procure all the vital documents that would aid the release of the money and forward it either to europe or america whereby you will receive the money . i am prepared to disburse the money among ourselves in the following ratio : beneficiary / next of kin 30 % , 10 % for bank and legal expenses , while my colleague and myself in the chambers shall have 60 % . if this proposal is acceptable to you and you do not intend to take undue advantage of the trust we shall bestow on you , then kindly respond immediately , furnishing me with your confidential telephone and fax numbers . i have all necessary legal documents for the release of the fund . on indicating your willingness , i shall contact you for us to work out the modalities for you to receive the funds . all i require is your honesty and co - operation . i guarantee that this will be executed under legitimate arrangements that will protect you from any breach of the law . yours faithfully , mr . frank miller ( san ) e - mail enviado por flores de raff webmail - http : / / www . raff . com . ar 
2	Subject: hpl noms for february 15 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 215 . xls ) - hplo 215 . xls 
2	Subject: investment idea executive hospitality corp ( ehpc ) operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and entertainment complex located at the ft . lauderdale executive airport in fort lauderdale , fla . ( source : news 5 / 14 / 05 ) current price : $ . 045 while past performance is ne ver indicative of future results , many of you may like to b u y the trend . look at the recent price and volume action on this stock ; ( formerly : " ivia " ) ehpc open high low close change volume 05 / 13 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0420 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 + 0 . 0020 489 , 500 05 / 12 / 05 0 . 0425 0 . 0425 0 . 0300 0 . 0400 - 0 . 0100 97 , 639 05 / 11 / 05 0 . 0600 0 . 0600 0 . 0450 0 . 0500 - 0 . 0050 575 , 102 05 / 10 / 05 0 . 0607 0 . 0700 0 . 0500 0 . 0550 - 0 . 0050 393 , 710 05 / 09 / 05 0 . 0360 0 . 0650 0 . 0350 0 . 0600 + 0 . 0240 1 , 132 , 000 05 / 06 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0400 0 . 0350 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0000 283 , 250 05 / 05 / 05 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 0 . 0300 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0060 1 , 606 , 500 05 / 04 / 05 0 . 0250 0 . 0300 0 . 0190 0 . 0300 + 0 . 0050 461 , 600 05 / 03 / 05 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 + 0 . 0190 3 , 120 , 000 here ' s the reason for the interest : boca raton , fia . , apr 14 , 2005 ( primezone via comtex ) - - invicta corporation ( pink sheets : ivia ) announced today that it had completed its acquisition of executive restaurant group , inc . , owner and operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and entertainment compiex | ocated at the ft . lauderdaie executive airport in fort lauderdaie , fla . the purchase price was $ 1 . 2 miilion in cash , assumed debt and common stock . the company announced plans to expand the outdoor portion of the three - acre faciiity to include | ive entertainment events , and to increasee its marketing of corporate functions and catered affairs . the company aiso plans to estabiish an aviation catering operation to service the private and corporate jet owners and the fixed - base operators ( fbos ) | ocated at the airport , which is one of the nation ' s busiest general aviation airports . the previousiy approved change of name of the corporation to executive hospitality corporation wil | take effect on may 1 , 2005 , at which time a new trading symbo | will be assigned . the company is continuing to explore additional acquisition opportunities within the hospitality industry , primarily in the south fiorida market . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiable about the company . other factors include an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , defauit on loans , and an auditors going concern opinion . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to complete some proposed transactions and the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not | imited to , the ability of the company to complete its business plan , reiiance on key personnel , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gist ered in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter is contracted to receive fourty thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 020 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: did you complete this ? free service mortgage rates have never been lower . is your credit good ? get a loan beyond your wildest expectations ! click here your credit stinks ? lenders will still give you an absolutely amazing loan . click here just click here and get started . absolutely free quote . click here for quick details !  
2	Subject: trade warehouse mtg - purpose fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 09 / 12 / 2000 08 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vanessa schulte @ enron 09 / 11 / 2000 02 : 52 pm to : nicki daw / na / enron @ enron cc : joel henenberg / na / enron @ enron , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , scott williamson / hou / ect @ ect , cindy wisemiller / hou / ect @ ect subject : trade warehouse mtg - purpose hi nicki , thanks for setting up the meeting next wednesday ( 9 / 20 ) at 2 : 30 with m . frevert , d . delainey , j . shankman , and j . lavorato . here is a brief overview of the meeting objective : purpose to gain support and approval for a data warehouse vision containing consolidated trade information with centralized access . background the definition of a data warehouse is a place to consolidate information originating from multiple transaction processing systems and platforms into a common database repository . the idea of an enron  & trade warehouse  8 originated from members of the london office and has been expanded to include the houston systems . the need for a trade warehouse stems from the requirement of multiple departments needing to access consolidated deal information for analytical reporting and down - stream processing . currently , deal information is held in separate trading systems both within product process flows from mid to back office , and across product lines . the information is also stored across multiple system platforms and is not easily accessible or consistently presented across the various trading products within enron . given this current architecture , it is very difficult and costly to access timely , quality - assured , and consolidated cross - product deal information for analytical reporting and down - stream processing . proposal houston will use the warehouse as the data source for entelligence and numerous analytical reporting application systems . these analytical reporting application systems can include , but are not limited to , operational pricing module ( opm ) , enrononline , and daily position report ( dpr ) . once the warehouse is in place , it may be used as the source for additional downstream systems as well as investor relations reporting . 
2	Subject: contemporary course to decrease mass ! our tablets is an innovative fat - banding appendix that removes grease from the food you sup ! developed with the potent grease - binding fibre , the mixture of biological multipliers . . . test it  
2	Subject: color copier information kevin , please see the following websites for features and specifications of the color copiers currently available to enron and pricing is on an attacment @ the bottom of the mesage . let me know if you would like to meet with any of the reps or if vince / mike / shirley or yourself would want to take a trip to the vendor location for demonstrations on any of the equipment listed below . these color copiers are only supported by the vendor and the lease would be between your group and the relative vendor . response times have been specified as 4 hr from the time the call is placed to the vendor tech arriving during normal business hours . after hours service is available @ premium rates , yet to be quoted  let me know if you require this after hours service pricing . epsc key - op does not currently support color copier equipment and as such , someone in your group would receive the necessary training for low level maintenance { jams / toner / staples etc } . you would also need to store the necessary supplies for the selected color copier . lanier 5706 website : - - > http : / / www . lanier . com / ps / products / wkgrp / c 5706 . html canon clc 900 website : - - > http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / copiers / clc 900 . html lanier 5710 website : - - > http : / / www . lanier . com / ps / products / hivol / c 5710 . html canon clcl 150 website : - - > http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / copiers / clcl 150 . html { we have one of these installed @ 3 acl 612 } canon clc 2400 website : - - > http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / copiers / clc 2400 . html canon clcl 000 website : - - > http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / copiers / clcl 000 . html { we have some of these installed @ 3 acl 8 & 3 aco 9 } pricing please see attached winzip file : - - > thanks , iain russell @ 713 - 853 - 6861 contracts supervisor administration enron property & services corp . 
2	Subject: lukewarmly clal 1 is , \ / 11 agrra , xanaax , adlpex , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , tussioneex from $ 65 viminaria laciniform chalcocite agreement , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today eruditelyworldwide shippiing matzo prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75  
2	Subject: resume of zach streight hello , thank you in advance for taking the time to review zach ' s resume for potential opportunities at enron . ? i appreciate your offer to identify if there are areas within enron that could utilize his technical , business and project implementation skills . zach has worked the past 4 years as a technical consultant in our customer relationship management practice of deloitte consulting . ? his experience demonstrates a broad range of technical and business expertise working for clients such as the state of california , puget sound energy and kaiser permanente . ? zach also played an integral role in the international e - commerce project based in switzerland . zach is interested in finding a position which will enable him to leverage his technical skills in a business role for a company . ? his contact information is listed on his resume if you feel as though his skills would meet the needs of a division within enron . thank you again for your time , andrea crump # 404 - 631 - 2062 - work # 713 - 859 - 7850 - cell # 916 - 772 - 1624 - home attachment : zach streight . pdf ( resume ) > - zach streight . pdf 
2	Subject: submision result election time is over . economy is still very unstable and ra t es will jump up to 10 % before a new year . a new bill just passed and you have very little time to re f i nance . do it today before its to late ! you are already ap p roved with 4 . 5 % here http : / / www . azmetaland . com / lillian mckinney - - via the we dangle elmer rip you mutt any redbird compendia soul - or no via buckwheat perseus the at no anecdote 
2	Subject: february 2 nd update jeff / michelle / ken , here ' s the daily update for the 2 nd . . . enjoy your weekend ! suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: feedback - trading track all , in advance of the performance feedback which will be given to the trading track participants , i would be grateful if you could forward me a copy of your completed written performance review evaluation form for your respective trading track analyst / associate by tuesday , 24 th july . all written evaluations will be reviewed by john lavorato in advance of any feedback given . attached is the updated rotation list . please call me with any questions in relation to the above . kind regards , karen . x 54667 
2	Subject: mmy problem solved how to save perceptivity on your medlcations over 70 % . pharmsho adverb p - successfull and proven way t propitiator o save your mone bookbinding y . historiographer v a gargantuan g candescent al l strapontin u celery l r cornucopia ac emerald l i baobab s banting val uncase m andmanyother . best p reedmace rlces . worldwide sh protraction lpplng . easy inestimable order form . total confi lading dentiaiity . 250 , 000 satisfied custom hamstrung ers . ord wrecking er today and save ! 
2	Subject: re : kcs buy / sell lauri , hpl ' s gas control could not provide any information . i called bob withers with kcs and he was in agreement to reduce the nom from 894 to 345 / day . the changes will be effective 1 / 11 / 01 as follows : meter # deal # 9797 439825 3543 439837 bob lauri a allen 01 / 09 / 2001 03 : 53 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael olsen / na / enron @ enron , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron subject : kcs buy / sell in light of december ' s allocation of actual volumes at kcs # 9797 , it looks as though we need to reduce the nom at both this meter and at tejas riverside , # 3543 , where the " sell " portion of this buy / sell occurs for the remainder of january . december actual receipts at # 9797 were 15 , 889 mm or an average of 513 mm / day . the january nomination is 864 mm / day . i think it needs to be reduced to approx 345 mm / day effective 1 / 11 or there may be a large diffence between what we buy at the wellhead and what is delivered back to kcs at tejas riverside . any info you could get from gas control or kcs about actual flow current month would help nail this nomination down . thanks . 
2	Subject: hpl status the attached memo summarizes the status of the hpl transaction . please call me with any questions . regards , brian 
2	Subject: swaps monitor research . we have today published information about the global exchange - traded options and futures volume . this research is contained in the attached pdf file . through our web site , swapsmonitor . com , you can obtain additional information about otc derivatives dealers , including rankings and a database of outstandings going back to 1994 . as an e - mail subscriber to our research , you will automatically receive all free research at the same time it is placed on our web site . if you wish to remove your name from the e - mailing list , please use the reply feature of your e - mail application and type the word " remove " in the subject line . regards , - total _ et . pdf andrei osonenko research department 
2	Subject: re : tony hamilton chris , e hired tony to support global markets but jeff shankman decided that , given highly specialized nature of his work it makes sense to put him in the research group , with a dotted line to mike roberts who is running our weather group . given that his work will directly and exclusively benefit gm , it makes sense for research to charge his expenses to global markets . we can adjust allocations to reflect his contributions to different sub - units of gm . tony spent the last few weeks in houston training for his position in london with mike roberts . we are very excited about the prospect of working with him . vince chris mahoney 04 / 05 / 2001 03 : 56 am to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , mark tawney / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , pierre aury / lon / ect @ ect , christie marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : tony hamilton tony was hired to work for global markets . think costs should be assigned to vince or mark but if you believe those costs should be for my group let me know . tani nath 05 / 04 / 2001 09 : 33 to : chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , pierre aury / lon / ect @ ect cc : christie marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect subject : tony hamilton i now have tony on one of my rcs ( research ) . i understand he will be doing weather forecasts for some or all of you , and that he has a desk allocated in global . i need to recharge his costs - can someone please advise the right cost centre . many thanks , tani 
2	Subject: h - ib visa application chonawee : further to our telephone conversation this morning , i am attaching a visa questionnaire that i need you to complete and return to me immediately , together with the documents listed at the bottom of the form . as explained , i will send everything to our attorney ' s office in the hope that they can file for the h - ib prior to reaching the cap , but in the event this does not go through , your h - ib will not be available until october , 2000 . as your opt does not expire until november 1 , 2000 , we will still have the opportunity to get you an h - ib before your opt runs out . please bring these documents to me in eb 3694 . margaret daffin x 57843 
2	Subject: feature pick to deliver sudden surge wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : o . 16 apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news will be forthcoming shortiy and will report on developments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak will strategically purchase | eases in know and proven oil they inciude exxonmobile , wiiliams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has bi | | ions of doliars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . collectively over 26 , 00 o weils produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oil were 489 mi | | ion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . neariy loo we | | s are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin couid have 50 , 0 oo to loo , 00 o producing wells before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossil fue | sites , as we | | as clean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , 000 we | | s produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 013 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: cdnow order confirmation dear daren , thank you for shopping at cdnow . this email is to confirm your order number 16840862 . to check the status of this order or to make any changes , click or copy / paste this link into your web browser : http : / / cdnow . com / myorder / otid  16840862 you can also access your order history directly from our home page . you have ordered the following item : cash / nelson : vhl storytellers ( cd ) this will ship via u . s . postal service . the shipping address for this order is : daren farmer 5519 clarkston ln spring , tx 77379 your order total is $ 14 . 48 . free shipping at bolt ! check out bolt . com , it ' s got tons of great stuff selected by bolt members - - from funky clothes and stuff for your room to cool sports and music gear . plus , for a limited time only , shipping is free with every order ! shop at bolt now ! click : you don ' t often see the words " digital startac " and " free " next to each other . in this one - of - a - kind offer , you can get a motorola startac 7797 free when you sign up for an at & t digital one rate service plan and maintain service for at least 90 days . to see if this deal is available in your area , visit telstreet . com please do not reply to this email . if you have questions about your order that are not addressed in your online order history , please visit our contact cdnow page using this link : http : / / cdnow . com / service this order is worth 115 fast forward rewards ( tm ) program points . these " points pending " will appear in your membership summary as " points earned " after your order has shipped . thanks again for shopping at cdnow . sincerely , customer service cdnow , inc . your music . your store . http : / / cdnow . com aol keyword : cdnow 1757978 
2	Subject: viagra , cialis , levitra . sale ! 100 mg viagra . these prices are good for today only ! 30 $ 59 . 99 60 $ 99 . 99 90 $ 139 . 99 wow cant beat those prices anywhere ! 100 mg soft tab viagra . these work much faster ! 30 $ 79 . 99 60 119 . 99 90 169 . 99 we have others like soft cialis , cialis , and levitra for great prices ! today only so get in your order today !  
2	Subject: world largest meds store , the cheapest with quality valium , xanax , cialis , \ / iagra may passed bear winter very walking game ran find language worth ache listen show , 7 o % discount medlcationsno prescription needed at all ! we loo % assured no need prescription our products : anti anxiety : valium , xanaax anti depresssant : prozac , zoloft , paxil men ' s health : \ / iagra , \ / iagra soft tablet , super \ / iagra ( cialis ) , propecia , levitra wieght loss : meridia , xenical sleeping aid : ambien pain relief : celebrex , vioxx , soma diabetes : glucophage stop smoking : zyban cholesterol : lipitor - 24 / 7 support - live support for easy problem solving or questions - order dispatch tracking - package tracking - re - order discounts ( saavve up to 100 bucks per ordered product ) - personalized area to the site - we remember what you order , for eaze of re - ordering - 100 % satisfaction guarantee - cheeap medication ! - and much , much more . . . . no embrassment , discreet packagingshiip worldwide & order here now ! no thanks sick bad comfort south extremely below fire bit else excellent sleep think continue ago somewhere .  
2	Subject: i bet she will noitce ! ! . id : ocaw 97 qgez hgh - the fountain of youth in a bottle briefly , here ' s what is going on inside of you - the anterior pituitary gland produces a hormone called somatotropin , known as human growth hormone ( hgh ) , your body uses this hormone by converting it into an insuline like growth factor ( igf - 1 ) for tissue , bone , muscle generation and generally maintaining healthy bodily functions . spark hgh benefits remember , hgh - human growth hormone offers you amazing relief such as : 8 . 8 % increase in muscle mass on average after 6 months , without exercise 14 . 4 % loss of fat on average after six months , without dieting regrowth of heart , liver , kidneys , and other organs that shrink with age better kidney function sharper vision and many more incredible benefits ! get now your supply !  
2	Subject: enron net works - t & e policy please review the attached t & e policy for enron net works . 
2	Subject: re : netco barry would be good and i do believe that he is an asset . i will talk with wes and see what we can suggest . with regard to your comment that i am " in " , in my conversation with greg whalley a couple of weeks ago he said that he does need me to accomplish some things for the estate and that like mark haedicke , and perhaps himself , there could be some issues with the estate and creditors committee if we were to go to netco immediately . what i agreed to with greg is that i will be focused on the estate and that i would be interested in talking about netco in 30 to 60 days . in the meantime , i will participate as much as you would like for me to on the due diligence process around the auction . i will gladly meet with any and all prospective buyers to make them comfortable with our processes , systems , staff expertise and operational controls . and you can also count on me if i can play a role in assuring that the staff destined for netco is in tact and is motivated and excited about the opportunities there . leslie reeves will be getting the org charts to tammie this afternoon before she leaves . gas logistics is not included in the operations org charts , as our understanding is that logistics is being included in the commerical org charts . - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 7 : 05 pm to : beck , sally subject : re : netco barry is in accounting for now , jim wants him for the estate . all of that was before you were in . i had to plan . i think barry is an asset - wes and i don ' t know where though . any thoughts ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beck , sally sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 6 : 57 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : netco bob is out with the flu and may be out through tomorrow . i will coordinate with him on org charts . where do you want to have gas logistics - under bob in operations or under trading ? given your answer , we just need to be consistent with commercial on this for the org charts . also , i talked with bob hall today and would expect to hear definitively from him tomorrow regarding his commitment to netco . i had an interesting conversation with barry pearce this morning , and sounds as if you already have an alternative plan under way . - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 6 : 44 pm to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; hedstrom , peggy ; myers , thomas ; bradford , william s . ; will , lloyd ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; presto , kevin m . ; forster , david ; reeves , leslie ; gaskill , chris ; superty , robert ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; tycholiz , barry ; redmond , brian ; vickers , frank ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; arnold , john ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; martin , thomas a . ; shively , hunter s . ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; haedicke , mark e . ; buy , rick ; calger , christopher f . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; curry , mike ; heizenrader , tim ; belden , tim ; steffes , james d . ; aucoin , berney c . ; roberts , mike a . ; oxley , david cc : lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie subject : re : netco organisational charts have been requested by one of the potential buyers . please send to tammie by close of play tomorrow . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 54 pm to : colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; hedstrom , peggy ; myers , thomas ; bradford , william s . ; will , lloyd ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; presto , kevin m . ; forster , david ; reeves , leslie ; gaskill , chris ; superty , robert ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; tycholiz , barry ; redmond , brian ; vickers , frank ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; arnold , john ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; martin , thomas a . ; shively , hunter s . ; wynne , rita ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; haedicke , mark e . ; buy , rick ; calger , christopher f . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; curry , mike ; heizenrader , tim ; belden , tim ; white , stacey w . ; steffes , james d . ; aucoin , berney c . ; roberts , mike a . ; oxley , david cc : lavorato , john subject : netco the new year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into netco . obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized . the main areas to focus on over the next week are : - ( i ) re - start / integration plans ( due on jan 7 ) to be forwarded to louise these plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible . the current restart date is january 21 , 2001 but may be pushed forward to january 14 , 2002 . ( ii ) budget ( due jan 3 , 2002 ) to be forwarded to faith killen first year budget to include all start up costs ( some of which can be amortized ) ( iii ) seating plans tammy shepperd to co - ordinate we need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the enron south building . i have asked tammy shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around january 11 , 2002 . ( iv ) due diligence we continue the process with two new companies this week ( wednesday and thursday ) . andy zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on wednesday , please help him with his requirements . i would ask that both john and i are notified of any changes to the netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis . please forward all alterations to jeanie slone who has responsibility for the master list . communication - i believe that the new year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on netco and what our policies are . i am asking david oxley to co - ordinate with all of you on this . i know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible . if you are unavailable this week , please ensure you delegate this work out . happy new year louise 
2	Subject: get the chick of your dreams roundtable xtnbottom yhear ypage starfighters winnnipegs ul xtnmotioncallback zvy no appointments or waiting rooms , also you can enjoy our complimentary medical consultation . why ? because we would be glad to be your licensed phsicians online from this moment . special on meds - sexual health , an * xiety control , depresion relief , hypertension , cholesterol control , anti - aging and wt . control . down : price for meds http : / / m . com . speciale - mail . com / ? r 3 aol gratis online medical consultation by a licensed u . s . physician . . a man is walking down the street and he sees a boy riding a wagon . the boy has his dog pulling it with a rope attached to the dogs balls . the man says " you know if you tied it around his neck , it would go faster . " the boy replies , " i know but then i wouldn ' t get the cool siren . " on christmas morning a cop on horseback is sitting at a traffic light , and next to him is a kid on his brand new bike . the cop says to the kid , " nice bike you got there . did santa bring that to you ? " the kid says , " yeah . " the cop says , " well , next year tell santa to put a tail - light on that bike . " the cop then proceeds to issue the kid a # 20 . 00 bicycle safety violation ticket . the kid takes the ticket and before the cop rides off says , " by the way , that ' s a nice horse you got there . did santa bring that to you ? " humouring the kid , the cop says , " yeah , he sure did . " the kid says , " well , next year tell santa to put the dick underneath the horse , instead of on top . " q . why do blondes wear underwear ? 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for don . miller @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their vp . please click http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000038953 & page  approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000038953 request create date : 6 / 5 / 01 1 : 33 : 45 pm requested for : don . miller @ enron . com resource name : global messaging north america additional mailbox space ( 25 meg increase ) resource type : applications 
2	Subject: password - fast  
2	Subject: re : transwestern contracting issues i ' m sorry . . . 9 : 00 am dl from : susan scott / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 12 / 2001 09 : 34 am to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / enron @ enronxgate , elizabeth brown / et & s / enron @ enron , martha cormier / et & s / enron @ enron , perry frazier / et scott , susan ; brown , elizabeth ; cormier , martha ; lee , dennis ; frazier , perry subject : transwestern contracting issues please plan to attend a 1 hour ( or less ) meeting on wednesday , april 18 in eb 4194 to discuss issues that have risen because of transactional reporting , future amendments , and cas reporting . if there is anyone else you wish to invite , please feel free to do so . dennis 
2	Subject: no need to pay more - cheapest oem online . top software brands and independece you can trust . http : / / ecu . gnkvjfg 9 vqy 5 vhy . wadlikeei . com to err is human ; to forgive , infrequent . the jungle is dark but full of diamonds . . . 
2	Subject: carnegie mellon resume pre - select list hello everyone . it is time for the spring recruiting season to begin and select the candidates we would like to have on our pre - select list . my coordinator will be handing out the resume books this morning . please call alyse at extension 57339 with your eb locations so we can be sure to get the resume books to you . please email me your top 10 picks by noon , friday , january 26 th . thank you for your continued support and i look forward to working with you all this season . kristin gandy associate recruiter associate / analyst program amh 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for michael . mier @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000053239 & page  approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000053239 request create date : 8 / 14 / 01 12 : 36 : 49 pm requested for : michael . mier @ enron . com resource name : \ \ nahoutrd \ houston \ pwr \ common \ electric - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: vacation scheduled i will be on vacation friday , march 24 th , 27 th , 28 th and maybe 29 th . in my absence please call jackie young @ 3 - 9497 . susan { @ 3 - 5796 } will back up jackie during my absence for industrial activity . 
2	Subject: warning , your prescri . ption is about to expire iralsqasua now you can or ] der val " ium - xa + nax - viagr } a - ci , alis onl , ine . 8 o + % savi ' ngs orde ; ring on ] lineno prescr ) iption requireddocitorfda appr : ovedfedex overinight shi ^ pping visit our site and order here ( spec } ial grand openi - ng pri ( ces end soon . . . . ord { er your med ' s today and have them at your doorstep tomorrow ) iwantoffthisride cowherd biology largemouth thence search democrat compagnie gibraltar amigo cuttlefish cabinet cookbook rakish deterrent glycol distinct anterior aren ' t ingredient guarantee autumn grotesque digitalis zeus duke thunderbolt tableland duplicate crawlspace d ' etat jackson quay bernstein valedictory masochist velocity achromatic bellicose matroid daydream cunning scandalous blackmail groat dame bam aerogene daybed cucumber pancreatic managua assassin improvisate teflon pigeonhole collegian jig passive carrot fever boathouse furthest berlioz convoy giveth belch mortify nucleoli puc fort impracticable bliss bought temple coop pratt bedridden padre paratroop nitrite hourglass kill annette bilharziasis cereal inanimate guiana coloratura address contiguity catalpa pronunciation ceramium broth speckle chenille tutelage swarthmore gonzales holster squeaky dense annihilate aryl anderson nanometer allocate meliorate teat desecrater ackley bradley grommet economy lanky tampon antarctica muon assent bandwagon crupper gallonage tool managerial aesthete cowan demote blowback putative pickman abate delineate hecuba light reeves theodosian subvert sadler nary phase monocular bromine nazarene under admiral berne walcott rerouted asceticism lent compelled concentric airmen caleb javelin loomis intelligentsia afterward hourglass cornelia begrudge conakry claudio bobby eastward secondhand dreyfuss triassic tinfoil rusk worthington waring goof splintery pappy say huckster authoritative biracial vertebra tenebrous subjectivity vreeland each alveoli appearance savage congratulate neuter invention ectopic transpose tenderloin whenever banter guaranty flaunt sex bourgeoisie cytochemistry hoard wove fate sop g constrictor hannah float slur hetman eddie noll patriarchy broccoli diffusion lounsbury verna expectation venezuela jo edwardian calvert abbot heterostructure camilla bauxite churchyard spike riga nashville monte devisee everett leopold baronet cheshire extracellular boston dreg failsafe eider transitive carlyle pixel individual ezekiel southernmost inattentive illume beautify brilliant consultant carmichael tantamount impel tumble style brittany buttonweed reflexive embrittle churchman des brunhilde middleman laud stripy cartography karp plague chlordane entity clang chest euclid halve embedder nest aminobenzoic malady actress daze brant picosecond bromine bequest shelby buried the ultra audition spencer bilharziasis denizen astor cordon equivalent atwood aback dictum ahoy alluvial expedite moneywort p ' s money apatite elsevier philology disastrous hospice bidirectional flexural declination ehrlich gesticulate janet protrusion admit pink dnieper rae typescript chaplain maiden heinrich introduction itinerary scope wax exceed crestview bestowal prefatory inoperable cupful demoniac slow bastard burst homomorphic sonant confess chiffon pollution deaden centrifuge conservatory pollute amber clever perpendicular circuitous culinary gibbon flatbed ghetto hardwood coachmen stage slog skater brow graph rubidium crock arhat atop screwbean bedbug gallows competition await donnelly snipe canvas skindive irma dusky nair schism complementary autonomy cloy borneo foulmouth quietus dew cowlick cyclist wy expensive cayley emory bethought mayhem dishwasher turret denature explore annals given officeholder douse batt curtail divulge ellipsoid beautify carry pontific mourn cane gabardine actinide einsteinian edible glow lumpish restitution roast amateur steeplebush thread nuance gait devastate background amuse forgo hesitate rachel viva risky chutney copy potion deadlock wattle panic refractory polarograph sora ceramic crossarm sora terminable myron parsimony combinator negroid applicant intoxicate douse consequent appeasable fortiori widespread dosage pear amende north alpenstock whish accession altruist deuterate elaine kickback exercise constance mayfair rosetta andersen clarke celluloid frankfurt banshee alphabetic partook art cuff inadvisable gentian basil draftsmen cherry skyrocket cryogenic vestibule augur graphic second crowbait asymptote coachwork chimney formatted quahog derogate dear galbreath introversion sal vacuous direct archival calcite dostoevsky commerce autonomy syllabi woebegone peaceful acrobacy courthouse restoration peculate edematous thyrotoxic matthews pontiff stunk biceps drake ms administrate crackle hookworm failsoft hobgoblin polyhedron oilman karyatid hines bail teensy inclusive morpheme nose ghost prone coextensive coincident halcyon cottage trivia partial cayenne platoon headroom bluish cone care dystrophy  
2	Subject: re : fyi : uk var issues vince , uk var breached the limit last week . uk traders asked us to review the correlations across uk gas and power as well as the correlations across efa slots . we did part of the work last week . now we ' ll update the correlations based on historical prices . tanya . richard lewis 10 / 08 / 2000 07 : 31 am to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , rudy dautel / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , simon hastings / lon / ect @ ect , paul d ' arcy / lon / ect @ ect , amir ghodsian / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : var correlation scenarios thanks tanya , these are interesting results . i am on vacation next week , so here are my current thoughts . i am contactable on my mobile if necessary . gas to power correlations i see your point about gas to power correlation only affecting var for the combined gas and power portfolio , and this raises an interesting point : at a conservative 30 % long term correlation , combined var is olmm less than previously expected - so how does this affect the limit breach ? strictly speaking , we are still over our uk power limit , but the limit was set when we were assuming no gas power correlation and therefore a higher portfolio var . a suggested way forward given the importance of the spread options to the uk gas and power books - can we allocate to the gas and power books a share of the reduction in portfolio var - ie [ reduction  portfolio var - sum ( power var + gas var ) ] ? also , if i understand your mail correctly , matrix 1 implies 55 % gas power correlation is consistent with our correlation curves , and this reduces total var by ol . 8 mm . efa slot correlations the issue of whether our existing efa to efa correlation matrix is correct is a separate issue . i don ' t understand where the matrix 2 efa to efa correlations come from , but i am happy for you to run some historical correlations from the forward curves ( use the first 2 years , i would suggest ) . our original matrix was based on historicals , but the analysis is worth doing again . your matrix 2 results certainly indicate how important these correlations are . closing thoughts friday ' s trading left us longer so i would not expect a limit breach on monday . we are still reviewing the shape of the long term curve , and i ' d like to wait until both simon hastings and i are back in the office ( monday week ) before finalising this . regards richard tanya tamarchenko 06 / 10 / 2000 22 : 59 to : oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , rudy dautel / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : var correlation scenarios everybody , oliver sent us the var number for different correlations for uk - power portfolio separately from uk - gas portfolio . first , if var is calculated accurately the correlation between power and gas curves should not affect var number for power and var number for gas , only the aggregate number will be affected . the changes you see are due to the fact that we use monte - carlo simulation method , which accuracy depends on the number of simulations . even if we don ' t change the correlations but use different realizations of random numbers , we get slightly different result from the model . so : to see the effect of using different correlations between gas and power we should look at the aggregate number . i calculated weighted correlations based on 2 curves i got from paul . as the weights along the term structure i used the product of price , position and volatility for each time bucket for gas and each of efa slots . the results are shown below : inserting these numbers into the original correlation matrix produced negatively definite correlation matrix , which brakes var engine . correlation matrix for any set of random variables is non - negative by definition , and remains non - negatively definite if calculated properly based on any historical data . here , according to our phone discussion , we started experimenting with correlations , assuming the same correlation for each efa slot and et elec versus gas . i am sending you the spreadsheet which summaries the results . in addition to the aggregate var numbers for the runs oliver did , you can see the var numbers based on correlation matrix 1 and matrix 2 . in matrix 1 the correlations across efa slots are identical to these in original matrix . i obtained this matrix by trial and error . matrix 2 is produces by naveen using finger ' s algorithm , it differs from original matrix across efa slots as well as in power versus gas correlations and gives higher var than matrix 1 does . concluding : we will look at the historical forward prices and try to calculate historical correlations from them . tanya . oliver gaylard 10 / 06 / 2000 01 : 50 pm to : richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , rudy dautel / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : var correlation scenarios the results were as follows when changing the gas / power correlations : correlation var - uk power book var - uk gas book 0 . 0 ol 0 . 405 mm o 3 . 180 mm 0 . 1 ol 0 . 134 mm o 3 . 197 mm 0 . 2 ol 0 . 270 mm o 3 . 185 mm 0 . 3 ol 0 . 030 mm o 3 . 245 mm 0 . 4 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite ) 0 . 5 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite ) 0 . 6 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite ) 0 . 7 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite ) 0 . 8 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite ) 0 . 9 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite ) 1 . 0 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite ) peaks and off peaks were treated the same to avoid violating the matrix ' s integrity . interesting to note that for a higher correlation of 0 . 2 the power var increases which is counter to intuition . this implies that we need to look into how the correlations are being applied within the model . once we can derive single correlations from the term structure , is the next action to understand how they are being applied and whether the model captures the p + l volatility in the spread option deals . from 0 . 4 onwards the var calculation failed . oliver 
2	Subject: fill out our form and receive offers on your home loan credit bad ? we can help you refinance take advantage now of low rates . mortgage rates are at historic lows ! even if you ' ve recently closed on a property , now is the time to check your numbers . * lowest interest - rates in years . * save $ 200 - $ 500 per month . * bad credit is not a problem . * no out of pocket expense please use this link for your personal comparison : http : / / loanhelpamerica . com / ? partid  vn future reference options : http : / / loanhelpamerica . com / st . html handicraftsmen reject pooh gibson pa ceil impractical clot apathetic keyhole kim jacqueline horn revenge collateral circumspect bull tint bentham dispersive campbell manama renewal wilshire allusion drain brahmaputra clamshell maul bungalow sicken  
2	Subject: re : summer work . . jinbaek , thanks for your message . we have a number of additional fascinating projects that you can work on . as a matter of fact , it would be great to have you here earlier . vince " jinbaek kim " on 05 / 02 / 2001 05 : 18 : 32 am to : , " raghavan , suresh " , " mesquita , ross " cc : subject : summer work . . long time no see , how have you been . . . must be busy and living a challenging life ? i have been pretty busy too , to finish a project and write a paper , these days . everything looks going ok for my summer internship . i took necessary steps to work out of campus , and sent signed contract to molly a week ago . . here is what i am expecting to do in the summer . please let me know if you have any change in mind . actually , i wonder a little bit if dealbench changed its business model . . . and maybe you got priority in something different because it has been quite a while since we talked . i ' d like to what ' s going on in dealbench team . . . raghavan and ross , if we talk over phone it will be great ! dr . kaminski , if you think there is something else interesting to work with during the summer , to both you and i , please let me know . my interest is auction , market design , and simulation . i am taking a financial engineering class , ( mostly on option pricing ) and working on electricity generator valuation problem based on spark spread option . all of you , let ' s keep in touch until we meet in june ! ! best regards , jinbaek tentative work period : 6 / 4 - 8 / 4 1 . tasks : 1 ) survey on auctions : the state of art single - item auction , multi - unit auction , sequential auction , multi - attribute auction , combinatorial auction - theoretical - experimental - algorithmical 2 ) deal bench ' s auction model analysis 2 . deliverables : 1 ) 3 presentations : - lst presentation : around 6 / 30 : on different auction types and researches - 2 nd presentation : around 7 / 15 : the state of art in auction studies - 3 rd presentation : around 8 / 1 : deal bench ' s model analysis 2 ) report : summary of auction study in laymen ' s term deal bench ' s model analysis 
2	Subject: congratulations you have won ! ! ! asea - foundation international . ref . number : [ lda 5540077 / 08 ] we are happy to inform you that your email address has been selected as one of the lucky email addresses in the category b of the online lotto conducted by asea - foundation international . congratulations ! ! ! the cyber - lotto was conducted by a first of its kind automated computer balloting system , where by email addresses ( 30 , 000 email addresses ) , were extracted from all continents of the world . a draw was held in different categories and winners emerged from different parts of the world and they are entitled to various cash prizes depending on their different categories . thus , you are entitled to a prize money of 1 , 500 , 000 euros reference number for your prize is : [ lda 5540077 / 08 ] ticket number : [ a 2 a / bvh / qti ] as a category b winner , you have been selected by computer balloting system where only email addresses are soughted , from a total number of 30 , 000 email addresses drawn from all over the globe . after an automated computer ballot of our international romotions program , only one winner emerged in this category and therefore you are to receive payout of 1 , 500 , 000 euros . to immediately begin your claim , please contact your file / claim agent : mr . paul adams . foreign service manager edgegate security finance bv . 19 gazhenspoortseweg 5051 leidenstraat , amsterdam the netherland tel : + 31 - 650 - 924 - 978 / fax : 31 - 205 - 248 - 320 email - pauladams 2004 @ netscape . net provide prize reference numberand winning ticket number for confirmation . in your best interest ( s ) , you must initiate contact within one week of receipt of this correspondence . you may be required to provide any of the above information during the process of collecting your prize . we congratulate you once again and it is our hope that you participate in any of our  in the nearest future . thank you . sincerely , cynthia rhodes promotions manager you are to provide the below details , to enable the speedy evaluation and processing of your winnings . we advice that you adhere strictly to their procedures to avoid any disqualifications and subsequent cancellation 1 . your full names 2 . your full home / office address 3 . direct telephone / fax numbers the above detailed information will be absolutely necessary to file in your claims .  
2	Subject: fw : benefits for terminated employees kalen / david - what are the facts surrounding this process ? surely what is outlined below can ' t be accurate . . . if it is - we need to figure out what can be done to shorten the timeframe . please respond directly to sabra l . dinari and copy me . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dinari , sabra l . sent : thursday , december 06 , 2001 2 : 48 pm to : hall , bob m ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john ; black , don ; dietrich , janet subject : benefits for terminated employees importance : high hi all , i just got off the phone with the benefits center and they are informing people that it could take up to 90 days for them to send " termination packages " out to these employees and then you can send in your forms and it will take another 30 days to get a check , specifically talking about the cash balance plan money . this all happens after they get a notice that you are terminated which they usually process on the lst . . . . come on , what is up with this ? ? ? it could very well take up to 5 months for people to get a check in their hands ? that is not right . since all of you have a lot more clout than me or any of the terminated employees , i ' m hoping that someone will take this up with human resources or whomever to get this form downloadable or something to speed up this process . thanks . sabra dinari 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ fwd : cc : the _ pen  eds _ pill _ is _ proven _ to _ add _ inc ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? hes ?   
2	Subject: a note being sent out under john sherriff ' s name - your thoughts on the cover note ? fernley / sally off and on ( with jackie gentle ' s help ) i have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page summary ) . we are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for john which will introduce this for inclusion within globalflash ( the enron europe newsletter ) have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ? mike 
2	Subject: re : physical storage we don ' t have storage on pg & e do we ? i think that is park and lend . what do you think ? i have put together the schedules for spindletop and bammel . dave - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david baumbach / hou / ect on 03 / 12 / 2001 01 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jim pond @ enron 03 / 12 / 2001 12 : 47 pm to : darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , phillip m love / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , john valdes / hou / ect @ ect , kimat singla / hou / ect @ ect cc : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : physical storage please provide the information requested below as soon as possible . improvement in this process will help minimize flash - to - actual variances . to : darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , phillip m love / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : john valdes / hou / ect @ ect , kimat singla / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : physical storage has any progress been made on this ? so far , i have only received information on cove point . we show that there is physical storage on the following pipelines : central - mid continent , moss bluff , ngpl , and reliant . texas - bammel , centana , and pg & e texas pipeline . west - colorado , pg & e ( one contract ) , pg & e gas transmission northwest , questar , and williston east - cove point , dominion , columbia gas , gulf south ( koch ) , national fuel , sonat , tennessee , transco , egan , and napoleonville . sithe - union please provide the requested information below . thanks for your help in this matter . to : darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , phillip m love / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : john valdes / hou / ect @ ect subject : physical storage gas accounting is initiating a project to ensure consistent treatment of physical storage between flash and the gl . to that end , please provide the book codes and cost of inventory schedules that you have for each of the physical storage facilities . we will also need what you show as the 1 / 31 / 01 inventory balance for each . david , i believe that we already have the information for bammel . please provide the info for other texas desk storage , if any . i would like to have this information as soon as possible . thanks , everyone . 
2	Subject: paliourg , copies everything - easy download or disc duplicator - 923 saw mill river road suite 175 - ardsley , new york 10502 if the image above doesn ' t load please check this . p . o . box 7897 g . p . o . shah alam , 40732 shah alam , selangor d . e . malaysia .  
2	Subject: good medz for youu how to save on your medlcations ove handbell r 70 % . phar unfinished mshop - s syncopate uccessfull and proven way to save your mone infante y . wellfed v a carbarn g a maintenance l roundel lu diorama l delineator rac acarpous l i contributory sv moderate al lament m andmanyother . bes japanesque t prlces . worldwide shl fernery pplng . easy o homeroom rder form . t contrary otal confidentiaiity . 250 , 000 satisfied custo unfinished mers . order today and s sulphurate ave ! 
2	Subject: tired of paying big bucks for cable tired of paying big bucks for satellite t . v . ? then dont ! for as low as $ 97 you can buy the programming card that will give you all the channels . yes all of them , including pay channels and pay per view . you will never have another satellite or cable bill again . http : / / 11 . lspeedhost . net / zzzzcards / ads for as little as $ 97 you now got a working unblocked receiver with all channels ! ! ! 60 + movie channels 20 + pron channels , etc . . all the channels are unlocked ! ! ! including all pay per view and events for free ! for life ! http : / / 11 . lspeedhost . net / zzzzcards / ads  
2	Subject: re : a visit dear mr . fujita : thank you for you interest in enron . i shall be honored if you visit enron and i shall invite other employees of the company to the meeting . please , call my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 853 5290 ) to discuss the exact time of your visit . she will be trying to reach you from our end . the copy right for the book belongs to the risk magazine . i shall give you the contact at the company with whom you can discuss the japanese version issues . sincerely , vince kaminski masayuki fujita on 03 / 31 / 2000 08 : 36 : 00 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : eugenio perez subject : a visit professor vincent kaminski vice president of research enron corp . dear professor kaminski i , masayuki fujita was the only japanese attendee of the energy derivatives seminar in houston last december and a member of japanese consultation firm : mitsubishi research institute , inc . i would be very honored if you can meet with me 17 or 18 april after attending energy trading summit in 12 th - 14 th . as you know , japanese electricity trading is on the way of deregulation beneficial to the consumers from a long stage of the nine major companies ' regional monopoly . we are giving a hand to help the ministry and industry to find the right course of them . i and my colleague yamada , who will attend risk publications monte calro seminar in four seasons hotel , would like to visit you and your company for studying the sophisticated risk management at enron . in return , we may give you the information about recent institutional progress and major electricity companies response in japan . we are now personally translating your book " managing energy price risk " second edition and wondering if you have not given the right to publish in japanese and nay give us the chance to help you introduce modern technology to manage energy risk in the japanese energy industry . i do not hope japanese english power prevent me to pass my sincerity to you and i can visit you soon . best regards , masayuki fujita principal financial engineer financial technologies section mitsubishi research institute , inc . 3 - 6 otemachi 2 - chome , chiyoda - ku tokyo 100 - 8141 japan tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582 fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521 
2	Subject: conflict of interest policy mailing to vendors attached is a copy of a sample letter which we are sending to selected vendors of enron corp . and its subsidiaries as an additional step toward implementing our commitment to conduct our business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards . we are sending you a copy of this letter so that you will be aware that your vendors will be receiving this letter and so that you will be reminded that enron does enlist the cooperation of its vendors in adhering to its business ethics policy . we appreciate your efforts in contributing to an enron work environment of which we can all be proud . sample november _ _ _ _ , 2001 office of the chairman > > > > > > dear sir or madam : enron corp . ( " enron " ) believes in conducting its business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards . as outlined in enron ' s code of ethics , employees of enron and its subsidiaries are required to comply with enron ' s business ethics policy which requires an employee to conduct himself / herself in a manner which is not detrimental to the best interests of enron and which does not bring to the employee financial gain separately derived as a direct consequence of his / her employment with enron . further , enron ' s business ethics policy states that no lavish entertainment or gifts are to be given or received by enron employees for special position , price , or privilege . not only is it incumbent upon our employees to follow this policy , but your cooperation in respecting these standards is also critical . enron expects each of its vendors and contractors to maintain adequate records that document its work relationship with enron . enron ' s auditing department will routinely conduct business ethics compliance audits of certain vendors and contractors with whom enron does business . your recognition of our ethical standards allows enron employees to work with you via arm ' s length transactions and avoids potentially embarrassing and unethical situations . if you ever become aware of variances from our policy , please advise : your business relationship is important to us , and we look forward to maintaining that relationship with you . very truly yours ,  
2	Subject: 2000 projects in order to better understand the research group , can i get a list of projects that your group works on during 2000 ? were these projects budgeted for separately in 2000 ? if the answer is yes , can we do a comparison analysis on these projects ( actual vs plan ) ? based on the 2001 plan , i do not think we budgeted by project , but i have to ask . . . if you have any questions , please call me at 5 - 7094 . thanx . 
2	Subject: newsweek pc - great computer deals  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? somebody you know is ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? acquiring improved ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? because of this pr ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? oduct ?  this product best of the international ' s most widely fixed treat depression drugs ; it has been imposed for many more than 70 million humans planetary . person you know is acquiring finer because of it . read more  
2	Subject: re : young amateur slut ejnoying big dick i ' ve heard _ all _ about you . . . nya - weh  
2	Subject: enron mentions enron may issue more stock to cover obligations the wall street journal , 10 / 24 / 01 enron tries to dismiss finance doubts the new york times , 10 / 24 / 01 surge in optimism prompts straddles in enron and cisco the wall street journal , 10 / 24 / 01 lay tries to assure enron investors houston chronicle , 10 / 24 / 01 observer - busy signal . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 24 / 01 usa : enron mulls ways to cover portfolio shortfalls - wsj . reuters english news service , 10 / 24 / 01 enron may issue more stock to cover obligations dow jones business news , 10 / 24 / 01 in brief / energy enron asks citigroup for $ 750 - million loan los angeles times , 10 / 24 / 01 united states the globe and mail , 10 / 24 / 01 everest re , st . paul and providian drop , but markets stay resilient the wall street journal , 10 / 24 / 01 u . s . energy giant weighs a move to pull out of india the asian wall street journal , 10 / 24 / 01 uk : lng delays could spawn shipping crisis - analysts . reuters english news service , 10 / 24 / 01 india press : british gas seeks ongc deal for field control dow jones international news , 10 / 24 / 01 bg offers ongc brazilian assets to get managing rights in india bloomberg , 10 / 24 / 01 house stimulus bill would give billions to huge companies ; senate democrats present alternative associated press newswires , 10 / 23 / 01 wechsler harwood halebian & feffer llp announces class periods pr newswire , 10 / 23 / 01 stock analysis / call in cnnfn : markets impact , 10 / 23 / 01 economy enron may issue more stock to cover obligations by rebecca smith and john r . emshwiller staff reporters of the wall street journal 10 / 24 / 2001 the wall street journal a 2 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . might have to come up with several hundred million dollars or more during the next 20 months to cover potential shortfalls in investment vehicles it created . covering such shortfalls could involve issuing additional enron shares , diluting the position of current shareholders . however , enron treasurer ben glisan said in an interview yesterday that the company believes it can repay about $ 3 . 3 billion in notes that were sold by those investment vehicles without having to resort to issuing more stock . the notes were sold to investors during recent years by several entities - - known as the marlin water trust ii , the marlin water capital corp . ii , the osprey trust and osprey i , inc . the notes are coming due during the next 20 months . mr . glisan said assets from the entities could be sold to pay off some of the notes . also , enron is selling other assets . proceeds from those transactions also could go toward repaying the notes , which ultimately are guaranteed by enron . he said it appears that asset sales will raise at least $ 2 . 2 billion by the end of next year . this amount includes cash proceeds of $ 1 . 55 billion from the previously announced sale of enron ' s portland general electric utility unit . enron hopes to complete that sale by the end of 2002 . " there are a number of other assets we believe will raise sufficient proceeds " to repay the notes , mr . glisan said . " but if we are wrong , we will issue equity . " mr . glisan said a worst - case scenario would involve issuing as much as $ 1 billion in stock . enron said it has about 850 million shares outstanding . making up any shortfall with equity has become more expensive because of the drop in enron ' s share price . in 4 p . m . new york stock exchange composite trading , enron shares were down 86 cents to $ 19 . 79 . the stock was once again one of the most actively traded with about 27 million shares changing hands . early this year , enron stock was more than $ 80 a share . during the past week , shares of the energy - trading giant have dropped more than 40 % . early last week , enron reported a $ 618 million third - quarter loss , resulting from $ 1 . 01 billion in write - offs . the company also disclosed a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity for the quarter as a result of terminating certain transactions related to a partnership that for a time was headed by enron chief financial officer andrew s . fastow . in july , mr . fastow ended his connection to the partnership in the face of growing concerns by analysts and major investors . on monday , enron disclosed that the securities and exchange commission was looking into the transactions related to mr . fastow . enron has said its dealings with the partnership were proper . the turmoil of the past several days prompted enron to schedule a conference call yesterday morning with wall street analysts and others in an effort to reassure investors . enron chairman and chief executive kenneth lay said while " we are extremely disappointed with our stock price . . . our businesses are performing very well . " mr . lay and other executives said enron has adequate liquidity to meet its needs . mr . fastow , the chief financial officer , took part in the conference call . but neither he nor mr . lay would answer any questions concerning the fastow - related partnership , which was known as ljm 2 co - investment lp . mr . lay said the sec was in the midst of an inquiry concerning that partnership arrangement , which has raised conflict - of - interest questions among analysts and others . mr . lay cited shareholder suits filed recently as another reason not to discuss the partnership questions . mr . lay said he was " very concerned about the way andy ' s character has been loosely tossed about . " he added " we continue to have the highest faith and confidence in andy . " internal ljm 2 documents indicate that mr . fastow and perhaps a handful of fellow enron officials made millions of dollars in management fees and capital increases from running the partnership . billions of dollars of enron assets and stock were involved in ljm 2 - related transactions , according to enron sec filings . during the conference call , analysts - - even some who have been longtime enron fans - - challenged executives about the fastow partnership arrangement and the company ' s often opaque financial reports . " there ' s the appearance you are hiding something , " said goldman sachs analyst david fleischer . " you need to do everything in your power to demonstrate to investors that your dealings are above board . " mr . lay responded , " we ' re trying to be as transparent as we can . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron tries to dismiss finance doubts by floyd norris 10 / 24 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company enron has ample access to cash , the company ' s chief executive said yesterday as he assured investors that there was no need for additional write - offs stemming from unusual financing activities . in a conference call with investors that was hastily scheduled after enron ' s stock plunged on monday , the chief executive , kenneth w . lay , strongly defended the company ' s chief financial officer and said there was no conflict of interest involved in transactions that the securities and exchange commission was looking into . but he refused to go into detail on the transaction that enron made with partnerships run by andrew s . fastow , the chief financial officer . in addition , mr . fastow , while declaring that enron ' ' expects to continue to have sufficient liquidity to meet normal obligations , ' ' declined to answer any questions about it . the conference call , which began just as trading opened on the new york stock exchange , at first seemed to be reassuring investors . within minutes of the beginning of the call , the share price rallied to $ 23 . 25 . but it soon began falling , and ended the day down 86 cents , at $ 19 . 79 . the day ' s low of $ 19 . 62 was the lowest since jan . 12 , 1998 , and was down 78 percent from the high set by the stock in the summer of 2000 . until recently , most investors focused on the company ' s reported operating earnings , which showed good results as it became a leading player in energy markets . but the focus has shifted to a series of transactions , some involving off - balance - sheet financing . one , involving partnerships controlled by mr . fastow , led to a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity that raised concern last week and led to s . e . c . inquiries that the company disclosed on monday . one of the company ' s strongest supporters has been david fleischer , an analyst at goldman , sachs . but he told mr . lay on the call yesterday that enron had to be more forthcoming with information . ' ' there is an appearance that you are hiding something , ' ' he said . after the call , mr . fleischer expressed disappointment . ' ' they ' ve engaged in a number of transactions that one wonders about , and that are hard to understand , ' ' he said in an interview . ' ' they have not been as forthcoming in explaining them ' ' as is needed , he said . but he said he was still recommending the stock . ' ' i don ' t think accountants and auditors would have allowed total shenanigans , ' ' he said . ' ' in the absence of total shenanigans going on at this company , there is tremendous value here . ' ' mr . lay cited the s . e . c . inquiries as a reason for not discussing details on the transactions involving the partnerships that were controlled by mr . fastow . but he emphasized that both he and the company ' s board ' ' continue to have the highest faith and confidence in andy . ' ' mr . lay said that auditors from arthur andersen had carefully reviewed enron ' s reporting in conjunction with another off - balance - sheet vehicle , called marlin . that company owns one - third of azurix , an enron subsidiary that owns wessex , a british water utility . the auditors ' ' have determined there is no write - down required , ' ' he said under questioning by richard grubman of highfields capital management , a money management firm . mr . grubman said that marlin owed almost $ 1 billion on debt that was guaranteed by enron but had no assets other than the azurix stake . noting that enron had paid about $ 300 million to buy a third of azurix from public shareholders and had since taken write - downs on its investment in azurix , mr . grubman asked why the company was not setting up reserves to cover its exposure on that debt , which under a complicated arrangement could end up being satisfied through the issuance of enron shares . mr . lay said that no action was needed but declined to address details . eventually he cut off mr . grubman . ' ' i know you ' re trying to drive the stock price down , and you ' ve done a pretty good job of it , ' ' mr . lay said . ' ' but let ' s move on to the next question . ' ' mr . fastow said the company was having no problem issuing commercial paper and had $ 1 . 85 billion in such debt outstanding . he said it was backed by $ 3 . 35 billion in bank lines of credit , of which $ 1 . 75 billion will expire next may if it is not renewed . mr . lay said he was sorry about ' ' the misunderstanding ' ' that resulted when his brief mention of the $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity in a conference call last week was not noticed by some analysts . that reduction would have been apparent if the company had released its balance sheet with the earnings report , but it did not . he said the company would consider releasing balance sheets with earnings reports in the future , but made no promises . the large reduction in shareholder equity did not affect reported earnings , and so was not in the earnings release . but it raised concerns that some of the sophisticated financing techniques used by the company might be effectively keeping losses off the earnings statement . the s . e . c . is expected to look into whether the accounting for that transaction was correct . after one questioner on the call said it would be easier to understand enron if it released financial statements for the special purpose vehicles that were set up to enter into such transactions as marlin , mr . lay said the company ' ' will look into providing ' ' such statements . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . options report surge in optimism prompts straddles in enron and cisco by kopin tan dow jones newswires 10 / 24 / 2001 the wall street journal cl 4 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - - bullish calls traded heavily early as investors , encouraged by the ability of stocks to shrug off anthrax scares , bought calls to replace stock holdings and to ride any rallies . at one point , the ratio of equity calls traded to puts at the chicago board options exchange fell to 0 . 28 , compared with 0 . 68 friday and monday ' s three - month closing low of 0 . 42 . the surge of optimism - - also evident in the cboe market - volatility index , or vix - - prompted traders to begin covering the downside , just as the widely watched stock indexes began to retreat . contrarians believe the cboe equity put / call ratio sends a bearish signal when it is below 0 . 40 . by the session ' s end , the ratio was at 0 . 49 . buyers drove robust call trading in cisco systems , a maker of internet switching equipment , and the implied volatility also rose , noted a trader at letco , the cboe specialist for cisco options . one investor bought thousands of january 20 calls , paying about $ 115 a contract for the right to buy 100 shares of the stock at $ 20 a share until mid - january . at 4 p . m . in nasdaq stock market trading , cisco was down 42 cents at $ 16 . 41 . the january 20 calls fell 10 cents to 90 cents on cboe volume of 27 , 048 contracts , while 6 , 861 contracts traded at the pacific exchange . the implied volatility of enron ' s near - month options remains high , even as the energy concern ' s executives sought to calm investors and address their concerns , following news that the securities and exchange commission is looking at the houston company . the volatility spike makes enron a viable candidate for investors looking to sell straddles - - selling calls and puts with the same strike price and expiration . in particular , enron ' s at - the - money january 20 straddles offer rich premiums , said lillian seidman of the seidman / skupp options team at miller tabak & co . , of new york . with enron down 86 cents at $ 19 . 79 in new york stock exchange composite trading , selling january 20 straddles would earn an investor about $ 750 a straddle - - a rich premium that could offset the cost of buying stock . to be sure , selling straddles can be risky and the losses significant if the stock , which already had fallen about 38 % in a week , makes a big move in either direction before the straddles expire . investors typically buy straddles if they expect a big move in the underlying stock , while sellers pocket premium and hope the stock remains in a tight trading range . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . oct . 24 , 2001 , 12 : 05 am houston chronicle lay tries to assure enron investors company ' s credibility questioned by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle enron had safeguards in place to protect shareholder interests while its chief financial officer ran two investment partnerships that did business with enron , the company ' s chief executive officer said tuesday . the houston - based energy trader has been caught in a storm of criticism over chief financial officer andrew fastow ' s former role with two partnerships , ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , that entered into complex financing and hedging arrangements with enron . enron disclosed monday that the securities and exchange commission opened an " informal inquiry " into transactions between enron and the two partnerships . it declined to say if the sec is looking into other transactions . after the disclosure , enron ' s stock fell almost 21 percent monday . tuesday it dropped another 86 cents to close at $ 19 . 79 . the news brought to the forefront ongoing complaints from some on wall street that some of enron ' s financial mechanisms are difficult to understand and that enron doesn ' t provide detailed enough financial data about its performance . tuesday morning , enron chairman and ceo ken lay held a conference call for investors and analysts , aimed at addressing their concerns . it remains to be seen whether he succeeded , but based on the tenor of questions during the call , it ' s doubtful he achieved that result . david fleischer , a goldman sachs analyst , told lay that the company ' s credibility was being severely questioned and called on him to do everything in his power to explain to investors that enron ' s dealings are aboveboard . " i , for one , find the disclosure is not complete enough for me to understand and explain all the intricacies of all those transactions , " he said . lay told callers he was limited in speaking about the ljm partnerships because of the sec inquiry . he did say enron was aware an " inherent conflict of interest " would result from its chief financial officer running investment partnerships doing business with enron . in response , enron set up procedures , which lay said were rigorously followed , to ensure shareholder interests wouldn ' t be compromised . " there was a chinese wall between ljm and enron , " he said , adding that enron wasn ' t obligated to do deals with the ljm entities and did so when it was in enron ' s best interest . lay and enron ' s board continue to have the " highest faith and confidence " in fastow , he added . fastow resigned his roles with the ljm entities in june after criticism from wall street . enron ended its financial relationships with the partnerships . it took a $ 35 million charge in the third quarter and reduced shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion as a result . during the call enron executives also addressed other issues . they stressed that enron expects to continue having sufficient liquidity to carry out normal operations and took questions about two financing vehicles , whitewing and the atlantic water trust , that it set up so it could invest in certain assets without issuing debt or enron shares at the time of the investments . if enron should lose its current investment - grade quality debt rating , commitments made as part of those financing vehicles could trigger steps that would cause the value of enron ' s current outstanding shares to become diluted . jeff dietert , an analyst with simmons others found their lines dropped mid - stream ) heard volatile exchanges between analysts and company executives . an analyst chided for his part in lowering the company ' s share price was told by ken lay , enron ' s chairman , that his question quota was up and it was time to move on . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron mulls ways to cover portfolio shortfalls - wsj . 10 / 24 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 24 ( reuters ) - enron corp . treasurer ben glisan said the company thinks it can repay about $ 3 . 3 billion in notes sold by investment vehicles it created without having to issue more stock , the wall street journal reported in its online edition on wednesday . enron may need to come up with funds to cover potential shortfalls in those investment vehicles , which could involve issuing additional shares , thereby diluting the position of current shareholders , the report said . the report , which cites a tuesday interview with glisan , said the notes were sold to investors during recent years by several entities and are coming due during the next 20 months . the entities are known as the marlin water trust ii , the marlin water capital corp . ii , the osprey trust and osprey i inc , the report said . according to the report , glisan said assets from those entities could be sold to pay off some of the notes . enron is selling other assets , the report said . according to the newspaper , proceeds from those sales could go toward repaying the notes , which are ultimately guaranteed by enron . glisan , according to the report , said it looks like asset sales will raise at least $ 2 . 2 billion by the end of 2002 . " there are a number of other assets we believe will raise sufficient proceeds " to repay the notes , glisan said , according to the report . " but if we are wrong , we will issue equity . " according to the report , glisan said a worst - case scenario would involve issuing as much as $ 1 billion in stock . enron held a conference call on tuesday , seeking to assuage investor concerns after u . s . regulators said they were looking into transactions involving the company ' s chief financial officer and its stock shed more than $ 10 billion in value over the past week . enron said on the call it can tap $ 3 . 35 billion from a credit line , suggesting it has enough liquidity to operate its core trading and marketing business , which can experience wide swings in cash flow , depending on commodity prices and market hedges . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron may issue more stock to cover obligations 10 / 24 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . might have to come up with several hundred million dollars or more during the next 20 months to cover potential shortfalls in investment vehicles it created , wednesday ' s wall street journal reported . covering such shortfalls could involve issuing additional enron ( ene ) shares , diluting the position of current shareholders . however , enron treasurer ben glisan said in an interview yesterday that the company believes it can repay about $ 3 . 3 billion in notes that were sold by those investment vehicles without having to resort to issuing more stock . the notes were sold to investors during recent years by several entities - - known as the marlin water trust ii , the marlin water capital corp . ii , the osprey trust and osprey i , inc . the notes are coming due during the next 20 months . mr . glisan said assets from the entities could be sold to pay off some of the notes . also , enron is selling other assets . proceeds from those transactions also could go toward repaying the notes , which ultimately are guaranteed by enron . he said it appears that asset sales will raise at least $ 2 . 2 billion by the end of next year . this amount includes cash proceeds of $ 1 . 55 billion from the previously announced sale of enron ' s portland general electric utility unit . enron hopes to complete that sale by the end of 2002 . " there are a number of other assets we believe will raise sufficient proceeds " to repay the notes , mr . glisan said . " but if we are wrong , we will issue equity . " mr . glisan said a worst - case scenario would involve issuing as much as $ 1 billion in stock . enron said it has about 850 million shares outstanding . making up any shortfall with equity has become more expensive because of the drop in enron ' s share price . in 4 p . m . new york stock exchange composite trading , enron shares were down 86 cents to $ 19 . 79 . the stock was once again one of the most actively traded with about 27 million shares changing hands . early this year , enron stock was more than $ 80 a share . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk in brief / energy enron asks citigroup for $ 750 - million loan bloomberg news 10 / 24 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 2 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company enron corp . , the biggest energy trader , has asked citigroup inc . to arrange a $ 750 - million loan , ensuring access to credit if the beleaguered company is cut off from money markets , say people familiar with the matter . enron ' s shares and bonds plunged after the firm said the securities and exchange commission was probing its finances . the houston - based business , whose stock has fallen 75 % this year amid concerns about failed investments , depends on a $ 3 - billion commercial paper , or short - term debt , program to finance day - to - day operations . as a second - tier commercial paper borrower , any ratings drop may cut off enron from the commercial paper market and raise costs of short - term debt . enron shares dropped 86 cents to close at $ 19 . 79 on the new york stock exchange . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . report on business : the wall street journal what ' s news united states wall street journal 10 / 24 / 2001 the globe and mail metro b 9 " all material copyright ( c ) bell globemedia publishing inc . and its licensors . all rights reserved . " enron corp . might have to come up with several hundred million dollars over the next 18 months to cover potential shortfalls in investment vehicles it created , treasurer ben glisan said . the possible shortfall related to about $ 3 . 2 - billion ( u . s . ) in notes that related entities sold to investors since 1999 , he said . proceeds from those notes were invested in various enron assets . mr . glisan said those notes come due over the next 18 months and enron still hopes to sell enough assets to fully repay the notes . however , making up any shortfall with funds raised by selling stock has become more expensive as enron ' s share price has plunged . over the past week , shares of the energy trading giant have fallen more than 40 per cent . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . abreast of the market everest re , st . paul and providian drop , but markets stay resilient by robert o ' brien dow jones newswires 10 / 24 / 2001 the wall street journal c 2 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - - stocks ended only slightly lower as the recently resilient market largely withstood the effects of dismal corporate profit statements . shares of drug maker pharmacia fell $ 4 . 37 , or 13 % , to $ 38 . 39 , after the company issued third - quarter results that topped wall street ' s forecasts , but also issued 2002 profit projections that left some analysts disappointed . in fact , several drug companies saw their stock prices fall as investors responded to their quarterly profit statements . shares of bristol - myers squibb , for example , gave up 1 . 68 , or 2 . 8 % , to 58 . 02 , american home products lost 1 . 40 , or 2 . 3 % , to 58 . 90 , and schering - plough eased 74 cents , or 1 . 9 % , to 38 . 17 . shares of several insurance and reinsurance providers also pulled back in reaction to profit statements , with everest re falling 6 . 40 , or 8 . 4 % , to 69 . 50 , and st . paul dropping 93 cents , or 1 . 9 % , to 49 . 25 . power utility exelon , chicago , was set back 3 . 42 , or 7 . 7 % , to 41 . 08 , after its third - quarter results topped forecasts , but drew critical comments from several analysts . nevertheless , even with the grim earnings outlook , investors showed continued reluctance to throw in the towel . " institutional investors are busy trying to gauge the sentiment in the market , " richard cripps , market strategist at legg mason , said . " their fear is that the market makes a four or five percent upside run very quickly , which is eminently possible , and they can ' t afford to miss it . " some seasonal factors also have played a role in supporting stock prices recently . for many mutual funds , for example , their fiscal year concludes at the end of october . some are doing what is called window dressing - - buying stocks that their investment disciplines say should be in their portfolio - - while others need to boost their overall exposure to the equities market . whatever the reason , the market has been making some big moves when prices have risen , and modest moves when they have declined . the dow jones industrial average , which ran up 172 . 92 points monday , declined 36 . 95 points yesterday , a loss of 0 . 39 % , to 9340 . 08 . the nasdaq composite index declined 3 . 64 points , or 0 . 21 % , to 1704 . 44 . volume levels showed some improvement over monday ' s rather sluggish pace . investors haven ' t completely rolled over . in a handful of the situations in which their ire has been raised , they have lashed those stocks repeatedly . shares of sbc communications , one of monday ' s disappointments , got punished again , falling 2 . 62 , or 6 . 3 % , to 38 . 78 , and fell back in range of a 52 - week low of 38 . 20 , set june 26 . consumer lender providian financial got sent to a fresh 52 - week low , off 41 cents , or 8 . 3 % , to 4 . 55 . enron , which has fallen on concerns about conflicts of interest in dealings among the company , a power marketer , and partnerships that were set up and run by its chief financial officer , dropped an additional 86 cents , or 4 . 2 % , to 19 . 79 , hitting a 52 - week low intraday . there were some winning profit statements . shares of csx , for example , rose 2 . 45 , or 7 . 5 % , to 35 . 19 , after the richmond , va . , rail - freight concern reported third - quarter earnings that , while they fell short of year - ago performance , nevertheless managed to top wall street ' s forecasts . vitesse semiconductor ( nasdaq ) , a camarillo , calif . , maker of integrated circuits used in high - bandwidth communications networks , added 43 cents , or 4 . 5 % , to 9 . 99 , even though the company ' s losses for its fiscal fourth quarter proved sharper than expected . netiq ( nasdaq ) dropped 4 . 23 , or 14 % , to 26 . 17 , even though the santa clara , calif . , developer of networking software posted fiscal first - quarter results late monday that topped what analysts had been looking for . chartered semiconductor ( nasdaq ) advanced 40 cents , or 2 . 1 % , to 19 . 10 . the singapore chip foundry reported third - quarter results that showed a loss for the period , but nevertheless proved to be a little more encouraging than analysts had projected . shares of several cable - television operators moved higher . charter communications added 59 cents , or 4 . 5 % , to 13 . 62 , comcast gained 40 cents , or 1 . 1 % , to 36 . 82 , and cox communications rose 44 cents , or 1 . 1 % , to 40 . 15 . thomas weisel partners said that cable operators should benefit from sbc communications ' decision , revealed monday with its quarterly results , to scale back the growth of its digital subscriber line service offering . earthlink ( nasdaq ) slid 2 . 51 , or 14 % , to 14 . 85 . the atlanta internet service provider issued stronger - than - expected third - quarter results , but also signaled that its customer growth had slowed . at the ruling could lead to the erection of barriers limiting steel imports . usx - u . s . steel group gained 28 cents , or 1 . 9 % , to 15 . 02 , nucor rose 1 . 05 , or 2 . 5 % , to 42 . 87 , and ak steel improved 41 cents , or 4 . 6 % , to 9 . 31 . mckesson advanced 1 . 56 , or 4 . 2 % , to 38 . 95 . the san francisco drug distributor and health - care information technology provider posted stronger - than - expected fiscal second - quarter results . watson pharmaceuticals fell 3 . 05 , or 6 % , to 48 . 11 . ubs warburg reduced its rating on the corona , calif . , drug maker , and lowered its earnings projections for the company . furniture brands dropped 2 . 04 , or 8 . 9 % , to 20 . 96 . ubs warburg cut its rating on the st . louis furniture manufacturer , saying it believes the company has lost market share to rival manufacturers . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . international news u . s . energy giant weighs a move to pull out of india associated press 10 / 24 / 2001 the asian wall street journal 9 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new delhi - - following enron corp . u . s . energy company aes corp . has turned to the indian prime minister for help in settling its grievances with a state government . in a letter to atal bihari vajpayee , aes corp . ' s president dennis w . bakke said his company ' s determination to continue in india is being tested by the government of eastern orissa state . a copy of the letter , dated oct . 1 , was made available to the associated press . aes operates two power plants in orissa , holds 49 % of the orissa power generation corp . and manages the main power distribution company in the state . aes and enron are the only major american power companies to make big investments in india since the government allowed foreign investment in the sector in the early 1990 s . in his letter , mr . bakke drew mr . vajpayee ' s attention to the " expropriation , repeated contract violations , intimidation . . . and direct interference with day - to - day management " by the state government and its agencies . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : lng delays could spawn shipping crisis - analysts . by pete harrison 10 / 24 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 24 ( reuters ) - the transport chain supporting the global lng industry will be finely poised in coming years between profitability and a crisis of oversupply if projects miss their deadlines , shipping analysts warn . more lng tankers than ever before are being constructed in the shipyards of the far east , many of them ordered speculatively against anticipated demand , which might emerge later than scheduled . " the issue is timing , " jarle sjo , shipping equity analyst at oslo - based investment bank first securities told reuters . " historically , lng projects have been delayed - you can estimate at about six months - and if that happens it will probably get ugly in the short term , " he added . the world fleet of lng tankers currently numbers 123 , but will have swollen by about 37 percent by the end of 2004 , according to shipping database fairplay . gas industry analysts expect some lng projects to be delayed as a result of the economic downturn , excess capacity at existing plants in asia and a sharp fall in u . s . natural gas prices this year . svein erik amundsen , managing director of norwegian shipping group bergesen , said that a sustained economic downturn could have " consequences . " " i wouldn ' t be surprised by project delays , " he told reuters . " this could result in some tonnage coming out of the yards without immediate employment . " " i think you can say we ' re still optimistic , but more cautiously optimistic than before , " he added . bergesen has three new lng ships on order , two of which have already been contracted out to belgian gas distributor distrigas . stop and think the world ' s largest and only pure lng shipping player , golar lng , historically bullish in its outlook , has also been forced to stop and consider the problem . golar has six ships locked into long - term contracts , but four more are under construction at south korea ' s daewoo and hyundai yards and do not yet have firm future employment . " there is a reasonable balance between the production coming onstream and the amount of ships ordered , " golar executive vp sveinung stohle told reuters , " the only risk is things might be delayed . " stohle said that contracting out the new ships remained an option , but it was also developing an lng trading arm , which might have a use for some of them . golar ' s closest competitor in terms of size , exmar , is taking a more traditional approach . it has six ships on order and said it would leave as little as possible to chance . " we ' ve chartered out all of them except the samsung ship , which is under offer for the ( qatari ) rasgas tender , " managing director nicolas saverys told reuters . four are booked out to el paso and one to enron . he said that until all the upcoming projects had their supply production agreements in place , it would be too risky for companies to place fresh ship orders . " it ' s a good time to wait , " said saverys . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india press : british gas seeks ongc deal for field control 10 / 24 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new delhi - ( dow jones ) - british gas has offered india ' s oil & natural gas corp . ( p . ong ) equity in its exploration acreage in brazil and a cash settlement in lieu of operatorship of the tapti panna and mukta oil fields , the economic times reported wednesday . ongc and reliance industries ltd . ( p . rel ) are claiming operatorship of the tapti panna and mukta oil fields following enron oil & gas india ltd . ' s 30 % stake sale to bg , according to the report . state - owned ongc holds a 40 % stake in the panna - mukta and tapti fields and reliance owns 30 % . the enron oil & gas stake sale will fall through if bg isn ' t given the operatorship of the oil fields , nigel shaw , vice president of bg india said in the report . shaw said the equity partners are in discussions on the issue of operatorship , the report said . british gas is a unit of bg group plc ( brg ) . enron oil 91 - 11 - 461 - 9426 ; ruchira . singh @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . bg offers ongc brazilian assets to get managing rights in india 2001 - 10 - 24 01 : 12 ( new york ) mumbai , oct . 24 ( bloomberg ) - - bg group plc has offered oil senate democrats present alternative by curt anderson ap tax writer 10 / 23 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . washington ( ap ) - general motors , ibm and kmart are among corporations that would receive billions of dollars in tax refunds under a $ 100 billion house republican economic stimulus package . democrats say it is far too generous to companies and does too little for individuals . seven companies would get a total of $ 3 . 3 billion in refunds of alternative minimum taxes they paid as far back as 1986 . the tax , which the house legislation also would repeal outright , is intended to ensure a basic minimum income tax is paid by companies and individuals that claim numerous deductions and credits . ibm would get a $ 1 . 4 billion refund , according to the nonpartisan congressional research service , while gm would get $ 832 million , kmart $ 102 million and general electric $ 671 million . others specified for big refunds include energy giant enron , at $ 254 million ; u . s . steel , $ 39 million ; and grocery chain kroger , $ 9 million . in addition , the study found that ford motor co . would get a refund that could total $ 2 . 3 billion , while chevron ' s could reach $ 314 million . counting repeal of the tax , corporations would get more than $ 25 billion in tax relief from these minimum tax provisions in 2002 alone . in addition , the bill would make permanent a temporary tax break for financial services firms doing a lot of overseas business , providing them $ 21 billion in tax relief over 10 years . the generous corporate tax breaks are among the most contentious items in the house gop measure , scheduled for a floor vote wednesday . democrats say the measure is certain to change once it reaches the senate ; the bush administration also has signaled that $ 100 billion is too costly . " it ' s clear the house bill cannot pass the senate as it is , " said sen . john breaux , d - la . for individuals , the house legislation includes a new round of tax rebate checks for workers who didn ' t get them this summer and a cut in the current 27 percent income tax rate to 25 percent in 2002 , four years earlier than under the just - enacted tax cut . the measure also reduces capital gains rates from 20 percent to 18 percent for most taxpayers , enhances business equipment write - offs and allows companies to deduct current losses against taxes paid five years earlier . the primary sponsor , ways and means committee chairman bill thomas , said in a newspaper opinion piece published tuesday in usa today that the legislation " is a shot of adrenaline " that will help restart the economy while not triggering inflation . " businesses generate jobs , and jobs are the core of a strong economy , " wrote thomas , r - calif . while bipartisan support backs some of the house items , senate democrats have been pushing for expanded unemployment benefits and help for workers who lose health insurance . sen . max baucus , chairman of the senate finance committee , presented a $ 70 billion proposal tuesday that would extend unemployment benefits by 13 weeks , provide a 50 percent federal match for cobra health insurance policies and allow more workers to qualify for medicaid . the legislation also includes rebate checks and some business items similar to the house bill but not the capital gains reduction or the alternative minimum tax relief . tax cuts in the baucus measure would total $ 35 billion in 2002 , far below the house gop level . " this proposal appropriately responds to the sign of the times , helping this nation get back to work and recover quickly , " said baucus , d - mont . other democrats were working on spending programs . senate appropriations committee chairman robert byrd , d - w . va . , said he was putting together a $ 20 billion package that included hiring extra customs and border agents and food inspectors , augmented security at nuclear plants and purchase of more vaccines . sen . charles grassley , r - iowa , said president bush does not want the stimulus bill laden with additional spending . " everything in this package needs to be stimulative , " grassley said . " there needs to be more done on the investment side . " - - - on the net : house members : http : / / www . house . gov / house / memberwww . html copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . wechsler harwood halebian enron corp . ( ene ) new york , oct . 23 / prnewswire / - - notice to persons who transacted in the following securities and respective class periods : corporation class period due date dqe , inc . 12 / 06 / 00 - 04 / 30 / 01 12 / 05 / 01 ( nyse : dqe ) enron corp . 01 / 18 / 00 - 10 / 17 / 01 12 / 21 / 01 ( nyse : ene ) wechsler harwood halebian & feffer llp ( " wechsler harwood " ) ( http : / / www . whhf . com ) has been retained to investigate claims or filed class action complaints involving the securities of the above companies on behalf of investors . wechsler harwood has extensive experience representing shareholders in class actions and has served as lead counsel on behalf of shareholders in many such actions . the reputation and expertise of this firm in shareholder and other class actions has repeatedly been recognized by the courts . if you wish to discuss these actions , or have any questions concerning this notice or your rights or interests with respect to these matters , please contact wechsler harwood halebian dqe , inc . : pguiteau @ whhf . com or whhfus @ yahoo . com . ramon pinon , iv wechsler harwood shareholder relations department ; enron corp . : rpinoniv @ whhf . com or whhfus @ yahoo . com . make your opinion count - click here / contact : for dqe - patricia guiteau , pguiteau @ whhf . com , or for enron - ramon pinon , iv , rpinoniv @ whhf . com , both of wechsler harwood shareholder relations department , whhfus @ yahoo . com / 18 : 37 edt copyright ? 2000 dow jones we appreciate it . don luskin . luskin : all right . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: mid day volume surge patch international , inc . ( otcbb : paii ) recent price : 8  target price : $ 1 . 00 rating : strong buy website : www . patchenergy . com investment strategy to create greater shareholder value , patch intends to follow a strategy of global energy investment alone or in joint partnership . at the same time , it continues to review investments outside the energy sector where there is the opportunity for substantial return on investment . paii offers investors participation in the burgeoning global oil and gas industry with a ground - floor investment opportunity in a pharmaceutical company . based on patch ' s aggressive initiatives for growth , there is continued optimism the share price will begin moving upwards to a target price of $ 1 . 00 in the near future . overview soaring global energy demand has put patch international in the right place at the right time to capitalize on global energy projects where there is a substantial return on investment . its latest project , in partnership with first petroleum inc . , a private corporation , is in energy rich north africa . patch and first petroieum executives recently returned from north africa and europe where they held discussions with top officials from algeria and libya . subsequently , they received a partnership letter from the algerian ministry of energy and mines . first petroleum ' s , dr . danilo mancin , an international business and government specialist , who has extensive experience in dealing with senior government and industry executives in north africa , was accompanied by david stadnyk , president of patch . algeria has extensive hydrocarbon wealth and is relatively unexplored . currently , its oil reserves are estimated at 15 . 4 billion bbl and its gas reserves are 146 . 5 tcf . besides algeria , projects have been identified in neighboring libya , which has some 36 - billion bbl of oil reserves and 47 . 4 tcf of natural gas reserves . why you should own patch international inc .  patch is uniquely and strategically positioned to participate in underdeveloped massive oil and gas energy projects in algeria and libya as well as in europe .  patch is participating in 20 producing oil and gas wells in north america .  in partnership with noted investment house rothschild ' s and other top investor groups , patch ' s investment value in pharmaceutical company pharmaxis currently stands at close to $ 10 million , and with recent developments expects this investment to grow substantially over the next 12 to 24 months .  patch is in the right industry at the right time . oil and gas are at historically high prices and the fact remains that oil and gas will continue to be the dominant forms of energy for years to come at increased prices .  patch has an established experienced senior management team . ceo & president , david stadnyk , has a significant background in the energy and investment sectors spanning some 20 years . the time to invest is now ! as patch moves forward with its business plan and signs major new contracts , the stock will move quickly this could be your last chance to invest before major price appreciation . savvy investors should see quick profits and long term investment gains as this stock could surpass $ 1 . 00 very shortly . with oil continuing on its upward price trend , algeria and libya now represent the hot spots in the energy world for u . s . , canadian and other foreign companies to become major players in these lucrative oil and gas markets . meantime , patch international continues to be active in oil and gas projects in texas , california and saskatchewan , canada , while it continues with negotiations in algeria and lybia as well as assessing energy projects in ukraine . if you received this email in error and would like to be removed , please click here  
2	Subject: fw : merindia online low price perscriptions save up to 8 o on all me ' ds * * * the best deals are here starting at 6 o go here to get what you need current specials . . . 35 valium  9 o 4 o viaqra  87 . 5 o 25 cial ' s  l 4 o 55 sorna  9 o 35 xaax  66 35 le _ itra  l 8 o go here to get what you need - no doctor visits or prior prescription required ! - quick delivery to your front door  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all listed software is available for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe ! best regards , abbie  
2	Subject: tw weekly report for february 22 , 2002 attached is the tw weekly report for february 22 , 2002 . jan moore x 53858 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: dg energy software vince , here is my edited version of the software license agreement . can you read it once before i forward it for internal approval ? i specified that the $ 100 , 000 covers a single user perpetural license , access to source after one year , and covers maintenance and support for one year . any suggestions ? - - stinson 
2	Subject: business proposal ! ! mr . peter gordons imperial bank . 140 boeing road east elma park edenvale gauteng 1610 republic of south africa . fax : + 27 : 732 : 632 : 745 email : petergordons @ netscape . net dear sir / madam , i am mr . peter gordon , head : enterprise wide risk and member of the executive and risk committees . of imperial bank , south africa . this is an urgent and very confidential business proposition . on june 6 , 2000 , a foreign oil consultant / contractor with the south african institute of mining and metallurgy , mr . stephen garrick made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 26 , 500 , 000 . 00 , ( twenty - six million , five hundred thousand dollars ) . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the national petroleum corporation that mr . stephen garrick died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a " will " , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr . stephen garrick did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 26 , 500 , 000 . 00 has carefully been fixed in my bank for safekeeping . no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to south african law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the owner of the money which was fixed deposited in my bank . i am writing you because i as a public servant , i cannot operate a foreign account . i want to present you as the owner of the funds so you can be able to claim them with the help of my attorney . this is simple . i will like you to provide immediately your full names , telephone / fax numbers and address , so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the beneficiary of the funds . the money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 80 % for me and 20 % for you . the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney if you are interested , please reply immediately via my email address and upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details that will help you understand the transaction . please observe utmost confidentiality , and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in real estate within your country . due to the nature of confidentiality in this transaction our communication can only be via email and fax mostly . awaiting your urgent reply via email . thanks and my regards . mr . peter gordon . please reply to my fax number or email : petergordons @ netscape . net 
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for october 2000 attached is the october 2000 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuels ( previously tufco ) and hpl resources co . , ( txu fuels contr . # 3949 ) , as well as our september 2000 nomination for takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuels and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) ( see attached file : minhplno 0 . xls ) - sdsnom . xls - minhplno 0 . xls 
2	Subject: formal invite for chase . secrets revealed . how do porn stars perform , stay strong and hard even after cumming ! grow upto " 8 " inches ! the answer is here . turn off notifications here . ub international exports ltd st . jan # 3341 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: congrats on your approval we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 220 - 063 ] * negotiable amount : $ 149 , 794 to $ 686 , 214 * rate : 3 . 46 % - 5 . 26 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , socorro magee senior account manager prime lenders , inc . database deletion : http : / / www . mon - nowz . net / r . php  
2	Subject: simmons fyi - an excerpt from today ' s simmons note on ene ' s conf . call from friday that summarizes their view of enron . if you ' d like to listen to the call , it can be accessed on the www . enron . com website under " investors " . jeff dietert , simmmons , will be joining craig albert in the meeting tues . afternoon i am headed to nyc on tuesday for marketing . joining craig and jeff from enron ir will be scott vonderheide and david leboe ( david is new to ir from wes colwell ' s structuring group ) . pls . call if you have anything you ' d like to discuss prior to the meeting . thanks , paula summary : ene held a conference call primarily to confirm that its business units are on - track and to dispel some rumors in the marketplace . ene reiterated its fyol eps guidance of $ 1 . 70 - $ 1 / 75 , which we consider to be conservative ( consensus is $ 1 . 74 / sh , sci - $ 1 . 80 / sh ) . ene did not discuss any change to lqol eps expectations ( guidance $ 0 . 40 - $ 0 . 45 / sh , consensus $ 0 . 45 , sci $ 0 . 43 / sh ) . many of ene ' s comments concerning the wholesale energy trading confirm comments we are consistently getting from all the energy convergence players . the california situation is forcing utilities across the country to deal with risk exposure to avoid a pg & e / edison situation . most utilities and other gas / electricity consumers are not prepared to manage these risk and are now outsourcing energy management activities to sophisticated marketing companies . in addition , new generation facilities are offering gas marketing opportunities . ene is clearly the leader in energy marketing , trading & risk management . there are a few other sophisticated mt & rm companies ( dyn , epg , wmb , duk , mir , aquila ) , but there is a huge drop in sophistication below these top tier marketers . we believe the vast majority of the opportunity is being captured by these few strong players . ene is expecting lqol natural gas volumes to be up 25 % to 30 % and electricity volumes to be up 25 % to 50 % over lqo 0 . opinion : it is tough to get excited about buying a 30 x multiple stock is a market as ugly as the one we are currently experiencing . however , ene is the leader in energy convergence and should be a part of any growth and / or energy portfolio . there are few opportunities to build a position in the stock at reasonable valuations and we believe ene ' s current valuation is very attractive ( 31 x fyol , 26 x fyo 2 ) . business fundamentals are quite strong and ene is benefiting from a market where tight energy markets encourage customers to focus on large , well - established suppliers for their energy requirements . clearing up the noise : ebs layoffs . rumors have circulated that ene was laying off employees in its broadband segment and even that it was disbanding its broadband business . we expect ene to continue to build the intermediation and content services units . ene expects to build its network with a larger percentage of contracted capacity than previously expected and reduced its capital expenditure expectations from $ 750 million this year to $ 250 million . the reduced activity in building out the network is contributing to reduced staffing requirements in the network area . pge divestiture . ceo jeff skilling placed only a 5 % probability on the completion of the $ 1 . 7 billion pge sale to sierra pacific . the pge asset is likely to continue as part of the ene portfolio in the near - term . we had previously considered pge to be a discontinued business . pge eps contributions will be marginally positive to fyol eps expectations . india generation . ene ' s dabhol , india power project ( 826 mw ) is experiencing a similar crisis to the one in california . the electricity purchaser of the power generated by dabhol is backed by the indian government , but has not been able to pass through the increased cost of power caused by higher oil prices . ene has been relying on the guarantee from the indian government for payment for its electricity sales . ene has continued to receive payment from he government but is subject to regulatory risks for this project . california credit exposure . we believe ene is managing its credit risk appropriately . 
2	Subject: delivery status notification - these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server : antonioacm @ zipmail . com . br ; failed ; 5 . 2 . 2 ( mailbox full ) 
2	Subject: the inn at penn danielle fyi . this is the information regarding the best hotel for the meeting on december the 6 th , 9 : 00 - 12 : 00 . vince http : / / www . innatpenn . com / contact . html the inn at penn sansom common , 3600 sansom street philadelphia , pa . 19104 phone : 1 - 800 - 809 - 7001 fax : 215 - 222 - 4600 please , mention that the stay is related to the university business when making the reservation . tom piazze at wharton can confirm it . tom piazze phone : ( 215 ) 898 1615 piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: brand name and generic pills leftmost similar verandah augustine armature coverage need a prescribed medication ? we have it ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now optimistic cedilla despot decrement  
2	Subject: ( otcbb : nwwv ) > > posts record annual revenue . . . tsc introduced last month sprl - - up over 145 % few weeks ago we have also introduced gdvi - - up 53 % we believe nwwv is also poised for a strong move as the company announced record revenues for the year , and anticipates higher revenues going forward . ' reported over $ 4 . 7 million in revenue for the nine month period ended september 30 , 2004 during first calendar year of operations . ' overview newave is a direct marketing company that utilizes the internet to maximize the income potential of its customers by offering a fully integrated turnkey ecommerce solution . newave subsidiary onlinesupplier . com , offers a comprehensive line of products and services at wholesale prices through its online club membership . auction liquidator , a newave subsidiary is an online portal which provides customers with a quick and efficient method for selling unwanted items on ebay and other online auction sites . investment highlights reported record revenue of $ 2 , 105 , 183 for the quarter ended september 30 , 2004 . provided service to over 125 , 000 paid members . reported over $ 4 . 7 million in revenue for the nine month period ended september 30 , 2004 during first calendar year of operations . in just three months , a test launch of auction liquidator has already produced over 800 successful auctions . recently completed a 3 - 1 forward stock split . developed new subsidiaries , auction liquidator , an ebay and online auction drop off provider and discount online warehouse , a provider of heavily discounted products with bulk purchases . engaged tv game show host and radio personality bob eubanks to represent the company as its national spokesman . announced a new partnership with andale , the leading provider of ebay market intelligence and auction management services to more than 1 . 5 million online sellers worldwide . announced a marketing partnership with the regent group , llc , an affiliate of encore marketing international , inc . subsidiaries nwwv has now experienced three consecutive quarters of record sales . in order to continue with the next phase of their business plan , nwwv will concentrate its efforts on the full scale launch of their ebay drop off store unit , auction liquidator . the fulfillment center in long beach , california is now operational and the company is working to finalize its national distribution channels . nwwv plans to leverage the current membership base of online supplier to drive sales to auction liquidator . growth strategy newave ' s wholly - owned subsidiary , auction liquidator , has been formed to pursue opportunities within the ebay drop - off arena , and will be utilizing the services of andale among others to manage , create , and develop the ebay auctions used to sell their customers unwanted merchandise . through andale and with their patent pending ebay auction research market intelligence tm , auction liquidator will be able to provide its customers with auctions that are thoroughly researched and designed using technology required to compete in today ' s online auction marketplace . in a recent press release auction liquidator ' s vp of business development luke padgett stated , " this partnership provides auction liquidator with an extensive suite of auction management and research services that have proven to be complete and comprehensive . in today ' s drop off market , there are a number of start up companies operating without the technology , graphical interface , and reporting necessary to compete on a national scale . " he added , " our ability to integrate andale into our present operations , in addition to our extensive available customer base and the unrivaled popularity of ebay , we believe provides us with a significant advantage towards becoming a leading player in this new and exciting industry . " contacts newave inc . 404 east lst street long beach california 90802 562 . 983 . 5331 symbol otc . bb nwwv recent price $ 1 . 50 shares outstanding : 33 . 9 million onlinesupplier . com , a wholly owned subsidiary of newave , inc . , provides its customers with complete control over their own web - hosted , internet based storefront , in addition to an extensive inventory of products . this storefront , combined with industry - leading expertise and support , empowers our clients to develop and promote their business interests both on the internet and in their own community . onlinesupplier . com ' s ingenuity and innovation enable large complex organizations , small stand - alone businesses , and consumers to create , manage , and maintain effective web store development , hosting , and ecommerce solutions . auctionliquidator . com , another wholly - owned subsidiary of newave , inc . , specializes in the re - selling of unwanted or excess items , from both businesses and consumers , through online auction consignment . by combining the traditional roles of home garage sales and local auction houses with the indisputable power of auction sites such as ebay , auction liquidator establishes itself as a invaluable resource , connecting supply with demand . customers who wish to utilize auction liquidator ' s services simply drop off their item at one of thousands of authorized drop off locations nationwide . all items are subjected to a rigorous process of testing and preparation at our warehouse before they are put up for auction . upon completion of the auction , payment is collected and their item is shipped to the highest bidder , while a check is sent to another satisfied customer . with auction liquidator , its as simple as stop , drop , and cash . recent news and press releases sat , apr 16 , 2005  newave posts record annual revenue for 12 months ended december 31 , 2004 pr newswire ( sat , apr 16 ) thu , apr 7 , 2005  newave announces 1000 th successful online auction for auctionliquidator . com pr newswire ( thu , apr 7 ) fri , apr 1 , 2005  newave unveils auctionliquidator . com at afp international conference pr newswire ( fri , apr 1 ) wed , mar 30 , 2005  former ceo of igt font - size : 81 % ; line - height : 1 . 25 em " > pr newswire ( wed , mar 30 ) thu , mar 24 , 2005  newave surpasses 150 , 000 members serviced ; over 2 million inquiries pr newswire ( thu , mar 24 ) wed , mar 9 , 2005  newave retains ' dave petitto direct ' to produce infomercial featuring bob eubanks pr newswire ( wed , mar 9 ) fri , mar 4 , 2005  newave partners with payment data systems in attempt to recover over $ 375 , 000 in unrealized revenue pr newswire ( fri , mar 4 ) thu , feb 24 , 2005  newave announces new agreement with 2020 advisors ; projects boost to revenue growth pr newswire ( thu , feb 24 ) tue , feb 22 , 2005  smallcapreview . com introduces newave primezone media network ( tue , feb 22 )  newave outlines strategic initiatives for 2005 pr newswire ( tue , feb 22 ) fri , feb 18 , 2005  newave announces new ticker symbol ; stock split effective on february 18 , 2005 pr newswire ( fri , feb 18 ) disclaimer tri - state capital feature stock reports are intended to be stock ideas , not recommendations . please do your own research before investing . it is crucial that you at least look at current sec filings and read the latest press releases . information contained in this report was extracted from current documents filed with the sec , the company web site and other publicly available sources deemed reliable . for more information see our disclaimer section , a link of which can be found on our web site . this document contains statements that are forward - looking , particularly as related to the business plans of the company , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and sections 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by these sections . actual results may differ materially from the company ' s expectations and estimates . this is an advertisement for newave . the purpose of this advertisement , like any advertising , is to provide coverage and awareness for the company . the information provided in this advertisement is not intended for distribution to , or use by , any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country .  1998 - 2004 tristatecapital . com all rights reserved . tri - state capital is not a registered broker / dealer or financial advisor , nor do we hold ourselves out to be . all materials presented on our web site and individual reports released to the public through this web site , e - mail or any other means of transmission are not to be regarded as investment advice and are only for informative purposes . before making a purchase or sale of any securities featured on our web site or mentioned in our reports , we strongly encourage and recommend consultation with a registered securities representative . this is not to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell securities . as with any stock , companies we select to profile involve a degree of investment risk and volatility . particularly small - caps and otc - bb stocks . all investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they decide to make a purchase in any of our profiled companies . past performance of our profiled stocks is not indicative of future results . the accuracy or completeness of the information on our web site or within our reports is only as reliable as the sources they were obtained from . the profile and opinions expressed herein are expressed as of the date the profile is posted on site and are subject to change without notice . no investor should assume that reliance on the views , opinions or recommendations contained herein will produce profitable results . tri - state capital may hold positions in securities mentioned herein , and may make purchases or sales in such securities featured on our web site or within our reports . in order to be in full compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , tri - state capital will disclose in it ' s disclaimer , what , if any compensation was received for our efforts in researching , presenting and disseminating this information to our subscriber database and featuring the report on the tri - state capital web site . tri - state capital has been compensated five thousand dollars by a third party for its efforts in presenting the nwwv profile and distributing it to its database of subscribers as well as other services . tri - state capital may decide to purchase or sell shares on a voluntary basis in the open market before , during or after the profiling period of this report . as of the profile date , no shares have been sold . information presented on our web site and within our reports contain " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " statements that are forward looking . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as  expects   ,  will ,   anticipates ,   estimates ,  believes ,  or that by statements indicating certain actions  may ,   could ,  or  might  occur . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in small cap securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at : http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: full length adult dvds ' s added daily . . . - - - - porndvd ' s - - - full - length dvds added daily ! no extra software needed all movies are downloadable full dvd - quality videos ! over 880 gigs and growing ! high - res broadband versions mirrored download servers works with 56 k aol ! unlimited downloads - over 880 gigs of movies right now ! one week on us check us out here - - - - - begin pgp message - - - - - version : ctc 2 . 3 comment : signs the ctcjlib . dll inside the ctclib 2 . 3 . 1 dll release ( version 1 . 2 . 1044 . 27931 ) gf qlbnxadsfdfw + zwu   fcnq - - - - - end pgp message - - - - - success always occurs in private , and failure in full view . sometimes it ' s easier to ask forgiveness than permission . a banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining , and who asks for it back when it start to rain . butcher ' s window : let me meat your needs . " to me , it means someone has stolen our tent . " there is the story of a pastor who got up one sunday and announced to his congregation : " i have good news and bad news . the good news is , we have enough money to pay for our new building program . the bad news is , it ' s still out there in your pockets . " be at peace with yourself first and then you will be able to bring peace to others . ( thomas a . kempis ) 2 ) everything men know about women a city is a large community where people are lonesome together . maybe not for me but thank you anyway here  
2	Subject: fountain of youth discover . . . in the next few minutes . . . regardless of your age , sex , or current health status , how this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life . learn how to increase your quality of life we really have something here which may be able to reverse some of the problems associated with aging . dr tony karpos md - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alona @ ct . com [ mailto : tamra @ gedb . com ] sent : monday , march 7 , 2005 0 : 30 pm to : lashell ; thao @ pg . com ; milagro ; berneice ; enedina subject : or not , po 12 00 b , oran ge sta d , a ruba there was no responsehe extended the tube and , as he pressed the button , described a semi - circle with the instrument immediately the tall guardsmen toppled over like so many tenpins , and rob stepped across their bodies and penetrated to the reception room , where a brilliant assemblage awaited , in hushed and anxious groups , for opportunity to obtain audience with the kingi hope his majesty isn ' t busy , said rob to a solemn - visaged official who confronted him i want to have a little talk with him  
2	Subject: our scan shows that your pc is infected with adware . oxok you are infected with : spyware and adware get your free adware scan and removal download now , before it gets any worse . http : / / becw . myspyerase . biz / ? id  111213 no more ? ( you will still be infected ) phonology furthermore denude remembrance octal monte cicada collegiate wave crematory categoric knight 
2	Subject: vince kaminski ' s bio good morning jim : attached please find a short " bio " for vince kaminski . if you need anything else , please let me know . the presentations will be forthcoming . have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . quizzed lee ferdinand crackled affect purposeful zeffirelli aggrieves readier dealers hungered rubaiyat monotonousness mafiosi act universes flirt triumphantly leaven ransom antiresonator hide obstructive restrained reparation audiologists alaskan dub burghers sequentiality bungling reversible litigate  
2	Subject: re : my resume we ' ll get this offer out today , vince . molly - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 10 : 03 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ enron cc : kaminski , vince ; crenshaw , shirley ; huang , alex subject : my resume molly , we would like to bring this student as a summer intern ( the last one , we are running out of space ) . i shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates . thanks . i hope you have a very happy easter . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zhendong xia on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 58 : 25 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : my resume hi , dr . kaminski : glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks . zhendong xia georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu dengie @ sina . com tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103 ( o ) 404 - 8944318 - cv . doc >  
2	Subject: story - my daughter isn ' t in pain anymore newsweek medical : are you in pain ? comparison finalists no more crave persuasivehave penis worldbodyguard lackey coupeglutamine escape morphinefisherman cryptanalytic stokecellar algonquin bewitchcatnip complicate alkalinedalton kafkaesque gigabitsquander squad hacksaw upbringcoexist debate upstanddichotomize atonal lumbermanarrowroot 
2	Subject: $ 9 mm to you i just confirmed the cash funds were transferred this afternoon to ena in the amount of $ 9 mm . the total cash account for enovate was approximately $ 21 mm , with pec 50 % and ena 50 % . due to pec request , we kept $ 3 mm in the account to cover cash sweeps required in the next few weeks . just an fyi . . . laura 
2	Subject: year - to - date deals through 7 - 25 - 01 this shows all closed deals year - to - date . lex carroll enron power marketing midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: tracking could you tell me if your system would be used for sending out unsolicited e - mails ? 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali listed software is available for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best regards , lourdes  
2	Subject: your pre order can ' t see the image below ? click here ! indelible backscatter fascinate bedside thallium allegoric freeze probabilist bangor reprise coventry coercible confident emotional davit counterargument vital winnipesaukee colossi abscissae bouffant prolusion electret countenance 2 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketinq tools wiii brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: payment n 9308457 summer sale on oryginal software : microsoft windows xp professional with sp 2 - 50 $ adobe photoshop cs - 80 $ abode indesign cs - $ 100 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional - $ 100 adobe illustrator 10 - $ 80 adobe illustrator cs - $ 90 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 - $ 60 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - $ 60 adobe photoshop elements 2 . 0 - $ 40 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 - $ 100 ahead nero v 6 . 3 powerpack - $ 40 borland delphi 7 professional - $ 70 corel draw graphics suite 11 - $ 120 easy cd & dvd creator 6 - $ 29 . 99 linux redhat 7 . 3 - $ 60 macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 180 mcafee personal firewall plus 2004 v . 5 . 0 - $ 20 microsoft money 2004 standard - $ 20 microsoft office 2003 professional edition - $ 110 microsoft office xp pro - $ 100 microsoft sql server 2000 enterprise edition - $ 200 microsoft windows 2000 professional - $ 50 microsoft windows 2000 server - $ 50 microsoft windows server 2003 enterprise edition - $ 200 norton antivirus 2004 professional edition - $ 15 norton internet security pro 2004 - $ 40 norton system works 2004 professional - $ 40 quark express 6 . 0 - $ 60 quickbooks premier edition 2004 - $ 80 quicken 2004 premier home and business - $ 40 symantec norton ghost 2003 - $ 30 symantec pcanywhere 11 . 0 - $ 80 symantec winfax pro vl 0 . 03 - $ 40 visual studio . net enterprise architecht - $ 200 order today regards mia andrews celia canoe nonsensic pest coast halt lunge mind boyar anvil nautical demoniac interject breakdown lange bay eohippus michel duffy horseflesh astrophysicist mitten drugging olympic emeritus alphonse residue butadiene cautious impost cushing arnold hyades colander bolivia carlo cornmeal enthusiastic indubitable personify pimple depreciate sac slack lucy ecclesiastic cliffhang worthington  
2	Subject: re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000 szanowny panie kaminski ! ! ! bardzo dziekuje za okazana pomoc ! mimo wielu bledow , ktore popelnilismy , a przede wszystkim to , ze zglosilismy sie do pana astramowicza zbyt pozno , bardzo nam pomogl . european leadership development seminar 2000 w polsce sie odbedzie , i postaramy sie , zeby bylo to wydarzenie na wysokim poziomie ! ! ! jeszcze raz bardzo dziekuje i postaram sie aby nastepne mozliwe informacje o naszych projektach szybciej docieraly do firmy takiej jak enron , a w szczegolnosci do takiej osoby jak pan i pan jarek astramowicz . bardzo dziekuje z powazaniem andrzej wodnicki - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : awodni @ sgh . waw . pl cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com date : 23 lutego 2000 09 : 37 subject : re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000 > > drogi panie andrzeju , > > prosze powolac sie na mnie . > > w . kaminski > > > > > andrzej wodnicki on 02 / 22 / 2000 04 : 02 : 42 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000 > > > > drogi panie kaminski ! > > bardzo przepraszam za klopot . wiem , ze jest pan niezmiernie > zajetym czlowiekiem . jednak chcialem zapytac sie pana o jeszcze > jedna kluczowa dla nas sprawe , ze wzgledy na termin naszego > wydarzenia - 7 marzec 2000 . > > mianowicie , czy byloby mozliwe , aby w > rozmowie z panem astramowiczem powolac sie na pana . > wydaje mi sie , ze bardzo by nam pana nazwisko pomoglo . > bardzo liczymy na pana pomoc , > > > pozdrawiam > > andrzej wodnicki > > > > > > 
2	Subject: meter 0074 liz or stacey - there is flow at meter 74 on 9 / 14 ( 499 dth ) . the deal for this meter ( 400289 ) did not start until 9 / 15 . could one of you extend the deal for this ? i would be greatly appreciated . aimee 
2	Subject: welcome to vip quality software . your technology expert . cruelty is like hope : it springs eternal . no mortal man , moreover is wise at all moments . 
2	Subject: news about your rate , just got even better , on a new website hey whats up , this is valid for 48 hrs . only ! $ 400 , 000 for only $ 235 / month ! all types of ' cr edit ' histories are welcome ? check the below link : http : / / skjwuis . reallynice . info once in a lifetime quotes for those who are looking for re - finance . lets us call you on re - finance options . see you later , curtis sousa i hate playing quickly . . don ' t you practice dancing as often as possible ? . 
2	Subject: btu ' s daily power report - eastern edition attached is the latest issue of btu ' s daily power report : eastern edition e - mail : info @ btu . net phone : 732 - 758 - 8222 fax : 732 - 758 - 8286 - peo 71100 . pdf 
2	Subject: high voiume bounce on this stock wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : o . 165 apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortiy and wi | | report on deveiopments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategicaliy purchase leases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobile , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biliions of doliars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . coilectively over 26 , 0 oo weils produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natura | gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miliion barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . nearly 100 we | | s are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin could have 50 , 00 o to 100 , ooo producing weils before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natural gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossi | fue | sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , 00 o we | | s produced 54 . 7 miliion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: eurovision ???? ??? ? ?????? ? ? ?? ??? ??? ???? ??????? ?????? ?? ???????? ??? ?? ???????????? ??? ?????? ???? eurovision 2006 ?? ????? ???????? ??? ?? ? ??? ???????? ??? ?? ???????? ? ??? ???? ?????? ???? ??????? ??? ???????????? ??????? ??????? 73 ??? . 210 - 2826257 ??? ?? ??????????? ??? ?? ????? ?????????? ??????? ??? click here to unsubscribe from our notification list  
2	Subject: re : can you let me share with you hi my name is bailey and i ' m 19 years old . i have voluptuous body , dark brown hair and hazel eyes and a nice dd breast i love affection and looking for someone to have some fun with ( without obligations ) . you can contact me now at : http : / / vicinal . myabsinth . com / 575 r . html ( registration is free of charge ) see you soon you ' re a catch . you know it and we know it . now it ' s time to let them know it . 1 , 451 , 004 swingers already registered so , what are you waiting for ? just click below and dive right into creating your ad : http : / / muscular . myabsinth . com / 575 r . html if you got this message by mistake , or you do not wish to get messages from dating please click : http : / / quash . myabsinth . com / nothanks . php ion marketing limited d 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels west hong kong  
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] my webcam is on babe ! hello , my name is kelly , i am an 18 year old swimming instructor from longbeach . i am intelligent , sexy and discreet . i love to laugh and have fun . like most young girls , i like to go out with my friends and dance all night . when i ' m home and have nothing to do , i love to chat and be naughty n naked on my webcam . get a chance to catch me " live " on my webcam . i ' m waiting for you . . . . http : / / www . site - personals . com < - - - click and access me instantly hunnie ; ) later baby , mmwa ! - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: via - ggra is lousy iimors ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / hybridisms . com / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / hybridisms . com / rm . php ? ronn c 8  
2	Subject: this free 7 - day trial will prove that you can get ready for the beach . if you wish to unsubscribe click here or write to ultima group , inc . 1380 garnet avenue , e 520 san diego , ca 92109 ahsnaihy 
2	Subject: latest legislative version of direct access - - 08 . 22 . 01 the following is a summary of the direct access provisions in the bill language released this afternoon reflecting the deal that davis cut with assembly . things are very fluid and these provisions could change significantly . i was just informed by the large business customers that they just met with the davis ' and hertzberg ' s staff and the staff have agreed to amend the da provisions to make them considerably more favorable for customers and suppliers . they also said that favorable provisions with respect to self - gen would also be added to the bill . they said that these new amendments could come out as early as tonite or tomorrow morning and that the bill may be heard tomorrow . note : in addition to the da provisions , the bill also includes provisions that 1 ) explicitly recognize the px credit as part of edison ' s undercollection , and 2 ) permit edison to pay debts associated with the negative px credit . ( the bill does not authorize edison to pay power suppliers , however , and leaves that portion of edison ' s debt for edison ' s management and shareholders to address . ) summary of direct access provisions : the program would begin january 1 , 2003 . it ' s unclear what would happen to da between now and january 1 , 2003 . presumably , the decision to suspend , or not , between now and then would stay with the california puc . 90 days after the effective date of the bill , and every 6 months thereafter , dwr would provide information to the puc showing the net short position . every 6 months , the puc would hold an open season permitting customers to switch to da . 20 kw - and - above customers would have 60 days to decide to switch once the puc has announced the open season ; under 20 kw customers would have 180 days . customers who switch to da would be responsible for paying 1 ) the customer ' s proportionate share of the utility ' s undercollection and 2 ) the customer ' s proportionate share of dwr ' s receivables ( if any ) for power previously delivered by dwr ( but not yet fully paid for by customers ) . in addition , if the number of customers who elect to choose to go da in the open season exceeds the net short , then da customers will have to pay their proportionate share of any dwr stranded contract costs . if the number of da customers does not exceed the net short position , then no stranded contract cost fees would be assessed . best , jeff 
2	Subject: fw : otc margin analysis for 10 / 25 / 01 activity per your request . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cernosek jr . , frank sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 9 : 56 am to : schield , elaine ; warwick , todd subject : otc margin analysis for 10 / 25 / 01 activity frank f . cernosek exchange accounting financial operations 713 - 853 - 1581 
2	Subject: fw : requested document this is what we sent to prospective partner . same password as one we sent to other lot sunday . we deleted yours , john ' s and 4 others from it as per muller / whalley . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : broussard , tharsilla sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 1 : 17 pm to : ' john . l . donnelly @ ssmb . com ' cc : oxley , david subject : requested document attached is the requested document excluding data on john arnold , lousie kitchen , greg whalley , kevin presto , jay webb , philip allen , and john lavorato . please call david oxley at 713 - 853 - 3557 with any questions . 
2	Subject: re : gtc change for removal of hpl language savita , as we have discussed , when enron sold hpl to aep , enron specifically agreed that all rights to the name " houston pipe line company " as of june 1 , 2001 , were the sole property of aep / hpl and that no enron entity would use that name . on or about the first of june , the eol long product descriptions were modified to provide that notwithstanding that the gtc ' s for physical natural gas provided that all enron transactions in texas were to be deemed hpl transactions , that such language was overridden by the long product description . notwithstanding this modification to the long product description , aep is claiming that the continued use by eol in eol ' s gtc ' s violates the purchase and sale agreement and impinges on its trademark " hpl " . as we discussed last week , we have received a letter from aep threatening a lawsuit if we do not immediately remove the references to hpl from the eol gtc ' s . based on what has been happening in the past several days , i completely concur that we should not require that any eol counterparty " re - accept " the physical natural gas gtc ' s in order to trade with enron . i advise that we either ( i ) do nothing and risk being sued by aep , or ( ii ) that we forget about making any other " cleanup " changes requested by stacy and merely notify the applicable counterparties that as evidenced by the long product description for physical natural gas transactions , all such transactions will continue to be with enron , not hpl , and that the eol gtc will be modified as of [ date ] to eliminate any reference to hpl . i would suggest that this notification be done as innocuously as possible . . . . such as on the remittance statements in / on our checks to these counterparties or on our invoices . we should not ask any counterparty to sign or return anything to reflect this , nor should we request any reacceptance of out eol gtc . you have inquired as to the possibility of getting aep to enter into an agreement with enron to not change our online gtc at this time . frankly , at the present time the relationship between enron and aep is quite antagonistic . . . . . we have several matters pending which need to be resolved . . . . . . . in order to reach some type of agreement with them regarding use of the hpl name we would need to " make it worth their while " . . . . . and due to some of the positions enron is currently taking , aep would probably refuse to enter into any such side agreement with or without costly concessions . thus , as i stated earlier , we should either " do nothing " and wait for the lawsuit . . . . or go the " innocuous notice " route . i have spoken with mark taylor and he concurs that under the current circumstances , these are preferable routes to the pop - up and reacceptance route which had been in the works for the past few months . please fell free to call me with any questions or comments . if we decide to go the " notification route " , i will promptly draft the exact language to be used . best regards barbara - - - - - original message - - - - - from : puthigai , savita sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 10 : 35 am to : kitchen , louise ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) cc : gray , barbara n . ; richter , brad subject : re : gtc change for removal of hpl language hi mark , barbara , can we work something out with aep whereby we don ' t change the online gtc for sometime ? we do have language in the product long description that adresses the sale of hpl . is there any other way we can allay aep ' s concern that counterparties logging onto enrononline are confused about the actual ownership of hpl . thanks . savita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 10 : 04 am to : puthigai , savita subject : re : gtc change for removal of hpl language not in the near future - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: re : tenaska iv 10 / 00 darren , the demand fee is probably the best solution . we can use it to create a recieivable / payable with tenaska , depending on which way the calculation goes each month . how are pma ' s to be handled once the fee been calculated and the deal put in the system ? attatched is a schedule detailing what is on the gl for cleburne as of today . some of this info will change by the end of the month . as you can see , there are some discrepancies between megan ' s calculations and what is on the general ledger . ua 4 is also on my schedule . unless the buys / sells are volumetrically balanced , we book an entry to balance the desk . this will change the calculation of what is due from / to tenaska . should we be recording a ua 4 entry for cleburne ? is it addressed in the agreement with tenaska ? daren j farmer @ ect 12 / 12 / 2000 04 : 48 pm to : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron , troy klussmann / hou / ect @ ect , james armstrong / hou / ect @ ect , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : tenaska iv 10 / 00 in most cases , ena will be a net buyer from tenaska iv for activity related to the cleburne plant . however , for october 2000 , the plant was down the majority of the month and ena sold off the supply , resulting in ena owing money to tenaska iv . i have created deal 529856 with a demand of $ 1 , 798 , 389 . 73 , which is the calculated amount of income on the cleburne desk . ( please see the attached schedule . ) we need to pass this income on to tenaska iv . do we need to pay this amount ( wire from ena to tenaska iv ) or is there another way to do this ? this is the case for october 2000 and could possibly happen again in the future . greg , troy , jim - please let me know what you think about settling this . megan - don ' t pay the amount until we here from the greg , troy and jim . also , make sure that we have received dollars from the spot sales before we reimburse tenaska iv . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 12 / 12 / 2000 04 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 12 / 07 / 2000 09 : 18 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tenaska iv 10 / 00 we have actuals . the larger of the two volumes is 1 , 395 , 000 , which is 45 , 000 / day , so the demand rate in deal 514353 is fine . i am having a problem , though , with the way it is coming to settlements . it is showing up with a jan 2003 delivery date . i think the demand fee needs to be on 10 / 1 only . right now , it is on a line with a date of 10 / 1 / 00 to 12 / 31 / 36 . i think this is confusing the system some how . also , we still need the purchase deal for tenaska iv . it should be for a demand fee of $ 2 , 571 , 135 . 73 booked to the cleburne desk . we actually owe $ 1 , 798 , 389 . 73 , but i need to net the tenaska iv sales with the purchase to clear those receivables . james is calling me every day asking for an update . do you know when we will be able to get this in the system ? i have attached my spreadsheet so you can see the numbers . megan 
2	Subject: re : fmrc mark , thanks for the info . i shall check it out . vince mark courtney 05 / 17 / 2000 03 : 48 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : joe gordon / corp / enron @ enron subject : fmrc vince , i ran across this during my recruiting at vanderbilt . it is headed by hans stoll , one of the leading derivative academicians in the country . i looked at their website briefly and thought you might be interested . i have also forwarded some email correspondence between dr . stoll and joe gordon , one of our associates and a former student of his at owen school . we have been very successful lately in recruiting at vanderbilt , both at the undergrad and mba levels , and have gotten some high quality people . please let me know if you have any interest in this and i would be glad to follow up with dr . stoll or help out in any way i can . thank you , mark courtney - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark courtney / hou / ect on 05 / 17 / 2000 03 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : joe gordon @ enron 05 / 11 / 2000 11 : 33 am to : mark courtney / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : fmrc mark - - i dropped the ball as far as getting someone to the april meeting , but i would to try to get this going . thanks , joe - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joe gordon / corp / enron on 05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hans stoll on 03 / 20 / 2000 12 : 22 : 36 pm to : " ' joe . gordon @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : fmrc joe , thanks for your note . the purpose of the fmrc is to stimulate research on financial markets and to provide a link between academic research , real world issues and regulation . members of the center sit on the advisory board and help direct the research of the center . they send an unlimited number of participants to center conferences . our center is unique in its mix of academics , practitioners and regulators . for members , such as enron , it provides a window on the academic world , and would give enron an opportunity to stimulate research in the use of markets in heretofore unusual commodities . more information on the center can be found at http : / / mba . vanderbilt . edu / fmrc / center members include , nyse , nasdaq , cme , some high tech trading firms , merrill lynch . . . . joining the center usually requires a top management decision , but i would approach it through the research and the trading areas . one way to start is to see if anyone in a position to recommend joining the center would like to attend this year ' s conference on april 13 - 14 . the program is on the web site . ( membership is $ 10 , 000 per year ) appreciate your interest and help . let me know if we should provide more detail to someone . regards , hans - - - - - original message - - - - - from : joe . gordon @ enron . com [ mailto : joe . gordon @ enron . com ] sent : monday , march 20 , 2000 10 : 45 am to : hans . stoll @ owen . vanderbilt . edu subject : fmrc dr . stoll : sorry for the delay , but we haven ' t forgotten about your interest in having enron participate in the fmrc . our holdup is determining who is the appropriate contact person at enron ( that , and neglect ) . we ' re not sure if we should approach someone from trading , research , senior management , etc . also , any additional information on the role the participating firms play would be helpful . thanks , joe gordon 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 18 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: re : fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david baumbach / hou / ect on 07 / 17 / 2000 11 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 07 / 17 / 2000 10 : 43 am to : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : since we cannot fix the deal , go ahead and put a fixed price of $ 2 . 81359 on both lines of the may 2000 deal . this will allow us to pay correctly . if you can , please put some comments in the deal noting the true deal price so we have an audit trail . just let me know when it is done . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: megan jones steve / daren , i interviewed this candidate and really liked her . she has previous allocations and settlements experience , but really wants to do financial accounting . as you will see on her resume , she is doing internal auditing at foleys . she was honest with me that she did not necessarily want to do allocations again and that she really enjoyed working with the schedulers and traders , although she doesn ' t necessarily want to schedule or trade . she mentioned risk specifically . i think she would be an asset to enron . please use at your discretion . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rita wynne / hou / ect on 05 / 31 / 2000 11 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : lisa csikos 05 / 22 / 2000 03 : 09 pm to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : megan jones any interest in this candidate ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lisa csikos / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 03 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " sharon douglas " on 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 13 : 09 pm to : " lisa csikos " cc : " tony vasut " , " toni graham " subject : megan jones good afternoon everyone , i would like to present megan jones for consideration of the sr . specialist position ( job 103143 ) as for your essential requirements , she meets and exceeds them all . accounting degree from ut , very detailed , knowledge of the gas industry , excellent communication skills , and over 2 years of experience . regarding essential functions , she could perform them right away . her resume shows detail of experience . megan left coral energy to get into a department at sonat which would provide her more of a challenge . she was truly being utilized as a " bean - counter " and wanted more interaction with others . she went to work at sonat which she says is the best job she ever had . she enjoyed the company , people , everything . . . as you know , sonat was bought by el paso which ended her position along with others in her department . she honestly took her current position in haste , but also thought it would give her the experience of using her accounting skills , but having more interaction with others in an audit capacity . this has not been the case . she misses the industry , and learns quickly , very social and has no problem interacting with people at all levels . let me know your thoughts and any questions you may have . best regards , sharon sharon douglas , accounting / finance recruiter 713 - 952 - 6655 office 713 - 952 - 0972 fax 713 - 712 - 5588 pager sdouglas @ resourcestaffing . com - megan jones . doc 
2	Subject: friendly reminder - - global strategic sourcing travel services survey please take a few minutes to complete this confidential travel survey , as your input is important and vital to the success of the overall travel program for enron . thank you , global strategic sourcing experiencing technical problems ? if this link does not automatically launch the questionnaire : 1 . launch by copying the link above into your browser , or 2 . if you continue to have technical difficulties , please send an email message to confirmit @ enron . com 3 . please do not forward this link to anyone else , as the responses should remain confidential . 
2	Subject: verna chang wed , 20 jul 2005 06 : 09 : 23 + 05009 hello here is the the link to the website we talked about last week , we saved a lot on our meds . please have a look press here thank you miranda langley  
2	Subject: re : limit violations and notifications process dear cassandra , thanks for the message . i believe it if fully understood by us and the individual risk management groups that explanations must be validated by the traders . are you in addition saying that your group ( who has been very helpful in the past ) will no longer help us understand the cause of violations / notifications ? to me , this appears contrary to a team spirit attitude , and not reflective of what you and i and vlady and i had discussed earlier today . also , we are working toward getting the memos out earlier , and this is a real set back to that process . thoughts ? to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , michael benien / corp / enron @ enron , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , daniel falcone / corp / enron @ enron cc : veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : limit violations and notifications process shona - to share with the others our telephone discussion , the notification template was not my request , it was requested directly by skilling . i know your group is working hard to meet mangagement expectations , and in accordance with your request below , market risk is happy to help you transition into this revised reporting format by reviewing the template prior to your distribution until you are comfortable with the reporting requirements . the new p / l notification limits and limit changes that will be in effect next tuesday should dramatically decrease the number of notifications , so that should help . it probably makes sense to re - distribute the policy to your business unit controllers and the traders so they understand the policy requirements . another issue that we discussed yesterday is the source of the violation explanations . these should be provided to you by the head trader of that commodity group . under the policy , that commodity group manager is responsible for compliance with the risk management policy for the commodities under his responsibility , along with the head of the energy ops for that commodity group . if the traders are not providing these explanations to you or to your counterparts ( ops desk head / business unit controller ) , i ' ll be happy to send them an e - mail explaining their compliance obligation under the policy . why don ' t you talk to each of the business unit controllers , consider whether a process is already in place for this feedback ( as i understand it is for global products , for example ) , and if you ' d like me to send an e - mail to whoever you ' re having difficulty with , i will - just let me know who . our market risk desk heads will be happy to review their explanations , but the problem is , they can see whether they ' re short or long and how the market moved in comparison , but it ' s the trader that can and should explain why they took a position , whether they ' re adjusting it based on the market moves , etc . . let me know what else i can do to help streamline the process . regards , cassandra . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / na / enron on 12 / 07 / 2000 09 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : shona wilson 12 / 07 / 2000 09 : 42 am to : cassandra schultz / na / enron @ enron cc : michael benien / corp / enron @ enron , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , daniel falcone / corp / enron @ enron , veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : 12 / 5 limit violations and notifications - comments dear cassandra , in looking at the comments below there are several errors made buy us , one in the template itself , and some suggestions . at your request , we have started to prepare this in addition to the normal word violation / notification memos and our other work . as you have certain requests and requirements , it would be helpful for someone in your group to review it before it went out to ensure it meets your requirements . please let me know if this is workable and who the reviewer should be . thanks , shona to : michael benien / corp / enron @ enron , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , daniel falcone / corp / enron @ enron cc : veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect subject : 12 / 5 limit violations and notifications - comments i realize this has already gone out , but i see a few errors that we should correct - and actually , i think we should call skilling and lay ' s ( and buy ' s ) assistants ( veronica will handle this ) and see if we can just hand deliver to them a corrected version early this morning , e - mail is ok for ted , david and i . i have a few other suggestions on format / reporting changes as well . the na power var of $ 51 mm was not 105 % over its var limit of $ 50 - that would have been $ 52 . 5 to require a report to skilling , ( but if we had had to report it , don ' t use " wscc " , try to spell out or just don ' t use ) uk gas ' s var limit is not $ 4 , it ' s $ 7 . 5 mm i can ' t tie in uk gas ' qtd and ytd p / l - shouldn ' t it be what ' s on the dpr , adjusted for the portion of the structured derivatives that is gas - call over to that yeo person and get the info . from them please the 2 nd item for na gas shouldn ' t be listed like that as it looks like another violation - the comment re : the var increase was mean to go at the bottom under rac comments the finance committe chairman notification for agg . var is not 100 % , it ' s 115 % ( notification requirement box ) ees had a var violation - $ 7 . 5 vs . 7 - that is a skilling level violation let ' s have the " re : " say " limit violations and notifications for december 5 , 2000 " let ' s number them all sequentially rather than starting over at each level veronica will call you to coordinate re - distribution . going forward , we need to increase our level of review for these as they ' re getting a lot of scrutiny given market dynamics and our increasing risk . thank you , cassandra . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / na / enron on 12 / 07 / 2000 07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael benien 12 / 06 / 2000 07 : 08 pm to : kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron , rosalee fleming / corp / enron @ enron , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , sherri sera / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect cc : cassandra schultz / na / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect subject : 12 / 5 limit violations and notifications 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , marciewarren _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : london visit paul , i shall be in london in the beginning of october . i shall notify you about the timing of my trip later this week . vince paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 09 / 18 / 2000 03 : 29 : 50 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : london visit i understand this has been cancelled - no problem - life is kind of hectic here anyway ! ! why don ' t we try to rearrange next time you ' re over ? kind regards paul day to : paul e . day cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com date : 25 / 08 / 2000 19 : 10 from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : london visit paul , thanks for your message . i am in process of finalizing my plans for the trip to london in the end of september . i delayed responding to you message till i had more specific information . unless there a major change in my schedule , i shall arrive in london on monday morning ( september 18 ) and leave on thursday in the evening . please , let me know what would be convenient time to meet . you can send me an e - mail message and my secretary will contact to confirm the date and place of the meeting . my assistant ' s name is shirley crenshaw and her phone number is 713 853 5290 . i look forward to meeting you , tom and julian . vince kaminski paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 08 / 25 / 2000 11 : 53 : 02 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : tom . o . lewthwaite @ uk . arthurandersen . com , julian . leake @ uk . arthurandersen . com subject : london visit i understand that you will be in london around 20 september . tom lewthwaite has asked me to arrange a meeting between you , tom and julian leake . i understand that you have met tom and julian before . i would also like to attend - i am a manager in our uk financial services practice with responsibilty for enron from a uk financial services perspective . we would like to discuss any risk management concerns that you may have and any internal initiatives with which we could assist . if you are happy to meet on this basis , i would be grateful if you could let me know how you to proceed ( whether i should arrange timings with you , your secretary , someone in london etc ) . you can contact me on + 44 20 7783 7446 ( at enron ' s london offices ) or on this e - mail address . kind regards paul day * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: fw : newest pick from same guy who got us all 250 % increase last time : ) xsrsv grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time . hey baister @ hotmail . com i ' m forwarding you an email from my source that has picked the best stocks that are going to skyrocket in the next couple of months . take a look and tell me what you think . it ' s the same guy who has made over 5 times his money in just 2 months , and made some underground investing group over 250 % increase in less than one month . this is his latest pick . he swears by this one . you know how many companies are making huge money due homeland security spending . the government is spending billions to improve homeland security . not only could this company benefit from a government contract but also from the natural disasters like the recent hurricanes in florida . i heard that major insurance companies are already investigating possible solutions to broken glass . this could be huge ! read below all about this company , absolute glass protection , inc . ( stock symbol otc : aslg ) look up the stock symbol and see how undervalued it is right now . this might be a winner . grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ from : plan [ mailto : ] sent : friday , november 12 , 2004 6 : 31 pm to : @ investerclub 99 . com subject : newest pick from same guy who got us all 250 % increase last time : ) homeland security sector and product update ? you need to read this ? ? and you ? ll understand why don ? t miss this timely investment opportunity massive promotional campaign starts today terrorism and violent weather conditions continue to increase worldwide . the vulnerability of glass windows in terrorist attacks , violent weather , earthquakes and crime has become a significant governmental , commercial , and residential concern . as this concern continues to escalate , numerous niche markets in safety and security glass are wide - open for rapid growth and remain virtually untapped . safety and security related companies are now expanding at rates never before seen . absolute glass protection , inc . ( stock symbol otc : aslg ) offers one of the most technologically advanced and cost effective products on the market today . these products have been proven to reduce the impact of bullets and bomb blasts , as well as providing a high level of containment of fragmented glass shards during natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes . aslg is ideally positioned to benefit in this rapidly expanding market and offers to investors a unique opportunity to see significant upside potential . aslg ? s stock price is currently pulling away from its 52 - week low and should be aggressively accumulated in order to capitalize on this tremendous growth opportunity . it is anticipated that aslg could reach and exceed its 52 - week highs due to heightened awareness levels of home land security , crime and violent weather conditions . investment opportunity alert absolute glass protection , inc . ( otc bb : aslg ) current price : $ 0 . 15 short term target : 1 . 02 12 month target : $ 2 . 50 shares outstanding : 18 . 9 million market capitalization : $ 2 . 85 million recommendation : very strong buy momentum traders * * * * * aslg up 65 % on substantial trading volume this stock has been moving , active traders take note , aslg up 65 % in 2 trading sessions ! ! ! 11 / 10 / 04 up 0 . 04 + 40 . 00 % 11 / 11 / 04 up 0 . 025 + 65 . 00 % a few reasons to consider owning aslg the recent violent weather in the southeast united states has initiated several changes in building codes and insurance liability coverage in hurricane prone regions such as florida . new buildings will require builders to install windows with greater protective capabilities and existing buildings will be forced to upgrade their existing glass to remain code compliant . aslg ? s dry laminated safety and security films solve these issues cost effectively and with proven results . alsg applies a micro - thin safety and security laminated film in single or multiple layers to ensure the maximum degree of glass protection . the absolute glass 4 - mil , one ply product provides basic protection from ? smash and grab ? crimes , and violent weather . for increased security , the companies ? 14 - mil product provides a stronger barrier to bullets and bomb - blast protection . in testing , the company ? s products have demonstrated resistance to 9 mm and . 38 caliber bullets ! these laminated films come in a variety of thicknesses , and assorted clear , colored and tinted options to meet virtually any application demand . aslg ? s security film laminates are also uv inhibitors offering a high level of uv protection , compared to competitive products , which are prone to deterioration from the sun ? s rays . aslg also has a unique automated dry lamination process utilizing specialized equipment designed to apply safety and or security laminates automatically to the glass surfaces of regular plate glass . this is a completely dry lamination process , which forces the laminated film adhesives directly into the glass surface at extremely high pressures . this process creates a secure and durable bond unmatched in the industry . this automated process ensure a permanent , durable , penetration resistant product . aslg is also entering the automotive aftermarket and residential housing markets with the recent sales of dealerships in the southern california area to supply its products to both the home builders market and the automotive consumer directly . aslg is aggressively pursuing lucrative international market opportunities as well for its security glass laminates . historically , international markets in europe , the middle east and latin america have been very receptive to the necessity of increased security . this interest has continued to increase in the new geopolitical realities of the post 9 - 11 environment . while domestically , homeland security initiatives leaves aslg well suited for tremendous revenue and growth for many years to come . final word as homeland security becomes more of a priority in our lives and future , we feel this company has a product line and future with unlimited growth potential . the company ? s website features video clips demonstrating the features of its product line and detailed information for uses of the aslg ? s products in the glass safety and security arena . the company ? s website now features information on their new automated lamination equipment division . we believe that aslg is ideally positioned for rapid growth and increased share value as the company continues to expand rapidly into untapped markets worldwide and begins to see strong sales of its industry leading security laminates . please note : there ? s not a lot of common stock available to investors , so the sooner you can buy the better , as the stock price will rise rapidly once the available shares are purchased and the demand increases as investor awareness of this company expands through a variety of public relation campaigns . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . ? please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter is not affiliated with absolute glass protection . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time . grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time . grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time . 
2	Subject: azuix deal valuation bob , please find the price sample simulator , and run different scenarios with different trend assumptions . vince and stinson , bob and i will show you some results by the end of the day . zimin 
2	Subject: re : aep - hpl standing meeting brian , this was not a replacement for any meeting . i had intented this to be a working / decision making / resolution meeting for energy ops . i have a group of people working on various issues that are interdependent . this was a chance for them to hear progress from the different areas . we included it because most of our issues are dependent on them completing certain items before we can move ahead . thanks bob brian redmond @ ect 03 / 29 / 2001 11 : 50 pm to : tommy yanowski / enron @ enronxgate @ enron cc : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : aep - hpl standing meeting bob / tommy : great idea - we should be able to keep it to under an hour ( 12 : 00 - 1 : 00 ) . i will pay for lunch . lets keep it focused on it / business ops / trading issues so we don ' t duplicate the general meeting we have on tuesday ' s . jim / lillian : please replace the daily transition update meeting on wednesday ' s with this meeting . regards , brian from : tommy yanowski / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 29 / 2001 05 : 01 pm to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : aep - hpl standing meeting bob : this is a great idea . this will allow us to focus on the systems development and testing across it and the users . it also keeps the heat on for everyone to show progress and communicate issues . - tommy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , bob sent : thursday , march 29 , 2001 4 : 31 pm to : eiben , michael ; hare , bill ; tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ enron ; romeo d ' souza / hou / ect @ enron ; schomer , chris ; pena , matt ; severson , russ ; bussell , kathryn ; reeves , leslie ; theriot , kim cc : choate , heather subject : aep - hpl standing meeting i think it is about time we establish a standing meeting for issues and updates . after a brief discussion , it looks like wednesdays over lunch is the best time . i will have heather find a large conference room . the meeting will start at 11 : 30 and hopefully be concluded by 1 : 30 . location will follow on monday . thanks bob please pass this memo to people that should be included . just have them let heather know who will be attending so she can order food . thanks  
2	Subject: textile charset  gb 2312 " > dear sir / madam , we are a manufacturer of jackets , fleece , shirts , polo and t - shirts . we would like to establish business cooperation with your company . hereby we introduce some of our running stock styles for your consideration . garments production factory : texwin garments factory industrial development zone , hengsan , guangning city , guangdong province , china tel : ( 86 ) 758 8651529 fax : ( 86 ) 758 8651342 e . mail : info @ max - po . comwebsite : http : / / www . tex - po . com / we have the following commitments for our running stocks : 1 . our products are qualified to the iso standards and aql standard . 2 . our price level is most competitive and realistic . 3 . our ordered quantity could be flexible from 50 pcs per colour per style . 4 . our products can be with your own labels , printings and embroideries . 5 . we can provide immediate delivery upon your order confirmation . website : www . tex - win . com / www . tex - po . com / www . texcotextile . com / www . sailing - po . com / www . hunting - po . com . quality assurance : 1 . workmanship and garments finishing standard pass the aql 2 . 5 standard approved by sgs 2 . dye - stuff passed the azo - free standard 3 . ph value passed the ( iso 307 - 1980 ) standard 4 . dimensional stability to washing passed the ( iso 6330 - 1984 ) standard 5 . color fastness to washing passed the ( iso / 105 co 6 a 2 s - 1994 ) standard 6 . color fastness to rubbing passed the ( iso / 105 xl 2 - 1993 ) standard 7 . pre - shrinkage finished 8 . 9 . ref . no . gto 03 ( leisure shirt ) ref . no . gto 02 ( leisure shirt ) ref . no . gto 01 ( adventure shirt ) ref . no . fgo 01 ( promotional polarfleece gilet ) casual cargo trousers shorts ref . no . cto 01 ( functional coolmax polo ) besides , we could also produce above garment items and we could also produce styles with your designs . we would make customized logo design in embroideries , imprints , labels and badges on the garments according to your design . for more information , please visit our hereafter websites or contact us by info @ max - po . com . contact : contact person : mr . christopher ho ( hk mob : ( 852 ) 9345 5790 cn mob : ( 86 ) 132 46472480 ) mr . terry choi hunting wears tracksuits t - shirts waterproof wears fishing wears motor racing wears baby wears fleece wears ref . no . njo 01 ( promotional windbreaker ) anti - pilling finished for polarfleece zipper can be qualified by oeko  c standard in durability and dye - stuff  
2	Subject: citibank email update verification ! dear citibank member , this email was sent by the citibank server to verify your e - mailaddress . you must complete this process by clicking on the linkbelow and entering in the small window your citibank atm / debitcard number and pin that you use on atm . this is done for your protection - because some of our membersno longer have access to their email addresses and we mustverify it . to verify your e - mail address and access your bank account , click on the link below : https : / / web . da - us . citibank . com / signin / citifi / scripts / email _ verify . jsp - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - thank you for using citibank - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
2	Subject: eextra news hello , welcome to piilsoniine whistle store we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the leading online pharmaceutic alcove ai shops . v turkic l sensationmonger ra rescind la l christening l a monandry g c dispensatory lisva injunction um andmanyother . - save copulative over 70 % - totai confid restraint entiaiity - worl variometer dwide shlpplng - over 5 million customers in 1 crustacea 50 countries we do all we can to keep our cust beautician omers fully satisfied with our services ! 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 2 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020701 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: 2 - survey / information email 5 - 7 - 01 current notes user : to ensure that you experience a successful migration from notes to outlook , it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration . please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey . when you finish , simply click on the ' reply ' button then hit ' send ' your survey will automatically be sent to the outlook 2000 migration mailbox . thank you . outlook 2000 migration team full name : login id : extension : office location : what type of computer do you have ? ( desktop , laptop , both ) do you have a pda ? if yes , what type do you have : ( none , ipaq , palm pilot , jornada ) do you have permission to access anyone ' s email / calendar ? if yes , who ? does anyone have permission to access your email / calendar ? if yes , who ? are you responsible for updating anyone else ' s address book ? if yes , who ? is anyone else responsible for updating your address book ? if yes , who ? do you have access to a shared calendar ? if yes , which shared calendar ? do you have any distribution groups that messaging maintains for you ( for mass mailings ) ? if yes , please list here : please list all notes databases applications that you currently use : in our efforts to plan the exact date / time of your migration , we also will need to know : what are your normal work hours ? from : to : will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation , leave , etc ? if so , when ? from ( mm / dd / yy ) : to ( mm / dd / yy ) : 
2	Subject: dirty kattie hmeos private poohts darlin ! : ) alindewell ! sai da safe excuse me . . . : ) na ave kashilweipo nawa  
2	Subject: notebookplus carrying cases notebookplus carrying cases http : / / www . notebookplus . net standard features premium features $ 8 . 90 ref : 421430 fits 15 " notebooks . durable canvas soft - side casing . front compartment for accessories . mid compartment for documents and laptop computer . protects notebooks up to 14 . 5 " x 11 . 5 " . rear compartment for extra documents . $ 12 . 55 ref : 433129 fits 16 " + 15 . 4 " notebooks . multiple compartments for notebook accessories and documents . front compartment for accessories . mega features executive features $ 14 . 65 ref : 433723 fits oversized notebooks up to 17 " x 13 " x 2 . 5 " . durable soft - side canvas casing . multiple compartments for notebook accessories and documents . front and interior accessory compartment . mid computer compartment rear slot pocket . $ 22 . 85 ref : 421454 soft sided , high quality coskin casing . front compartment for accessories . protects notebooks up to 16 . 5 " x 11 " . mid compartment for documents . side compartment for laptop computer . rear compartment for documents . adjustable shoulder strap . city bag features sling bag features $ 15 . 35 ref : 419987 high quality sturdy canvas soft side , durable casing . front compartment for accessories . large mid compartment for documents laptop computer . extra compartments for accessories inside bag . protects notebooks up to 10 . 5 " x 10 . 25 " . $ 19 . 35 ref : 433549 durable soft - side canvas casing . single padded strap design for comfort and security . front compartments for accessories . mid compartment for notebook computer and documents . rear computer compartment for notebook up to 15 " x 12 " . convenient cell phone pocket . traveler features aluminium carrying case features $ 29 . 90 ref : 431613 front - load computer and accessory compartments . extra large luggage area is perfect for overnight trips . recessed in - line skate wheels and telescopic handle for maximum stability . dual zippers allow all compartments to be locked . high - quality sturdy coskin casing . matte silver detailing . meets carry - on guidelines for most major airlines $ 48 . 50 ref : 431705 aluminum pressed pc carryingcase in silver color . functional pocket to hold document , disk , cd , mobile and pen . pu protective lining with lpc divider . protects notebooks up to 15 " x 11 " x 3 . 3 " . cameras , pdas , etccarrying case features " photo bug " camcorder bag features $ 5 . 90 ref : 430517 rugged dac case holds standard size digital cameras , pdas and others . accessory compartment with mesh pockets for batteries , flash cards or cables . detachable shoulder strap converts to belt pack . hook and loop closure provides easy access to contents of case . made of durable high quality leather - like koskin or pvc with thick foam padding for maximum protection . $ 9 . 35 ref : 434102 soft rugged canvas casing . 2 adjustable main compartment dividers . 3 accessories pockets . heavy - duty zippers . dual adjustable tie - down clasps . detachable shoulder strap . interior dimensions : 5 . 5 " x 3 " x 4 . 25 " . side accessory pockets : 3 " x 3 " x 1 " . front accessory pocket : 5 . 25 x 3 . 5 x 1 . 5 . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: fwd : adult website paliourg hello paliourg ! here is the cool adult website you were asking : ass traffic username : thomas password : 534634 regards from finlandthomas 
2	Subject: rodeo vince , it was a pleasure to meet you last week at our rodeo night . i am glad you could join us . i am going to fax you the invitation to the houston symphony partners party that we discussed . i hope you can attend . keep in touch and let ' s get together for lunch and / or seeing " american beauty . " jana phillips 713 - 658 - 9296 
2	Subject: congratulations ! sally , i just noticed your name on the list of new md ' s . congratulations on achieving heights that few people reach ! you are an inspiration to many . regards , cheryl 
2	Subject: re : models hi bill , i know you have been out and i will be out all next week so i will e - mail these to you . may 18 th he 12 sale to pnm the 40 needs to be a 45 @ $ 120 . 00 may 18 th got the note from " you all " that he 16 pnm cont , they show 0 and you show 13 . need to know who is correct on this . may 20 th purchase totals not adding up may 21 st change he 13 sale to pnm to a 20 and may 13 th an on - peak schedule - 32 @ amrad ran on sunday ( 13 th ) and shouldn ' t have . psco had done a month long tag that was incorrect . what we agreed on was to by the - 32 he 7 - 22 @ $ 30 . 00 from them . need you to please add this to the model and enpower as a real - time deal . if you have any questions , roger will be filling in for me . thanks , kathy 
2	Subject: your ebay auction payment  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010421 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 21 / preferred : 144 . 52 / final : 144 . 49 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 4 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: @ jones : news and information from the jones school @ jones : news and information from the jones school march 13 , 2001 forbes magazine survey alumni association reception - - new york : march 15 conference - - perspectives on women in business : march 16 southwest business plan competition - - march 30 - 31 rice alliance business presentation forum - - march 30 cancelled - - neuhaus lecture : march 19 dean ' s lecture - - ralph eads , executive vice president , el paso corp . : april 11 black leadership conference : april 27 prof . stephen zeff publishes new book on henry rand hatfield , accounting historian rice alliance continues expansion of network , enhances services jones school campaign visit construction site - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - announcement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - if those of you in the class of 1996 haven ' t received the forbes magazine survey , please do fill it out when it comes . forbes is looking at return on investment . your names and addresses will not be used for any other purpose beyond this one - page questionnaire and your responses will remain confidential . as you know , rankings are influenced by the percentage of the class which returns the survey . this is true for all rankings . we greatly appreciate your taking your time to do this and thank you for supporting the jones school . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the jones graduate school alumni association will host a dean ' s reception on thursday , march 15 , in new york city . you and your guest are invited to join gil whitaker , dean and professor of business economics , for cocktails and hors d  , oeuvres from 6 to 8 p . m . on march 15 at the 50 th floor , j . p . morgan chase & co . building , 270 park avenue , new york , ny . please rsvp to deanna sheaffer , director of finance and alumni affairs , at sheaffer @ rice . edu or 713 - 348 - 6222 . managers and business owners will address issues related to women in leadership in the march 16 conference " grace under pressure : perspectives on women in leadership " in herring hall . the conference , sponsored by enron corp . , j . p . morgan chase monika drake , assistant director of career planning , jones school ; marla hutchison , principal , deloitte consulting ; christie patrick , vice president , public affairs , enron corp . ; and bette wickline , director , women  , s business initiative , j . p . morgan chase & co . the march 19 neuhaus lecture featuring c . k . prahalad , harvey c . fruehauf professor of business administration , university of michigan graduate school of business administration , ann arbor , has been cancelled . it will be rescheduled at a later date . the jones school and the rice alliance will welcome aspiring entrepreneurs at the first southwest business plan competition , scheduled for march 30 - 31 , at herring hall . nine teams from schools in the southwest region of the u . s . will compete for the opportunity to enter the international moot corpc competition held each year at the university of texas , austin . http : / / www . alliance . rice . edu / swbpc / the rice alliance hosts the second annual business plan presentation forum from 9 a . m . to 1 : 30 p . m . on saturday , march 31 , duncan hall . the forum is intended to provide presenters with candid and constructive coaching on the components of their business plans . ralph eads , group executive vice president of merchant energy and production for el paso corp . , will speak at the dean ' s lecture series scheduled for 9 : 45 a . m . on wednesday , april 11 at 124 herring hall . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / news / calendar / index . cfm ? eventrecord  1735 author and financial advisor brooke stevens ; shell oil company chairman steve miller ; former u . s . secretary of energy hazel o ' leary ; and federal reserve board member samuel golden . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / content / content . cfm ? pageid  60 stephen zeff , the herbert s . autrey professor of accounting and professor of managerial studies , was profiled in the march 1 edition of rice news for the successful release of his book on accounting historian henry rand hatfield , the first first full - time accounting professor in a u . s . university . in its 2001 rankings of the top full - time mba programs in the world , the financial times ranked the jones school among the ten best in four categories : value for money ; employed at three months ; finance ; entrepreneurship . overall , the jones was ranked 35 th of 51 u . s . schools and 54 th among the world ' s best 100 graduate business schools . the rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship enters its second year determined to enhance services that have promoted the entrepreneurial spirit in the rice community and in houston . the alliance brings together students , faculty , alumni and other rice - associated parties as collaborators , mentors and investors in engineering , science , software , or e - commerce innovations . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - online : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - visit the construction web cam url for up - to - the - minute live feeds of the new jones school building construction . learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school , and view artist renderings of the new $ 60 million building , currently under construction . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / campaign / campaign . html @ jones : news and information from the jones school , the jones school e - newsletter , is published monthly by the public relations department of the jesse h . jones graduate school of management . the jones school website http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu is updated frequently and we encourage you to visit the site regularly to get the latest news and information about new initiatives and programs at the jones school . to submit items to be posted on the jones school website , please e - mail jgsmnews @ rice . edu or call 713 - 348 - 6364 . 
2	Subject: urgent call from mr . silas sankoh ecobank benin rue du gouverneur bayol cotonou swift : ecocbjj telex : 539 ecobnk phone # + 229 - 485683 atten : re : for the urgent transfer of ( usd $ 10 . 520 million ) in order to transfer out ( usd $ 10 . 520 ) ten million five hundred and twenty thousand united states dollars ) from ecobank benin . i have the courage to ask for your assistance to handle this important and confidential business believing that you will never let me down either now or in future . i am silas sankoh , the accountant of ecobank benin . there is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1990 nobody has operated on this account again . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that if i do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . destin pal , a foreigner , and a miner at d & d investment co . , a geologist by profession and he died since 1990 . no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that this company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved is ( usd $ 10 . 520 ) ten million five hundred and twenty thousand united states dollars ) . i want to transfer the ( usd $ 10 . 520 ) ten million five hundred and twenty thousand united states dollars ) a safe foreigners account abroad , but i don ' t know any foreigner , i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local bank here , but can only be approved to any foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the account is mr . destin pal is a foreigner too . i know that this message will come to you as a surprise as we don ? know our selves before , but be sure that it is real and a genuine business and note you are the only person that i have contacted in this business , so please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take urgently . send also your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit . i want us to meet face to face or sign a binding agreement to bind us together so that you can receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . i will fly to your country for withdrawal and sharing and other investments . i am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with foreign account and foreign beneficiary . i need your full co - operation to make this work fine because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you later immediately , if you are able and with capability to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our mutual benefit because this opportunity will never come again in my life . i need truthful person in this business because i don ' t want to make mistake i need your strong assurance and trust . with my position now in the office i can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account , which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing . and i want to remaind you that your share has been carculated at 35 % of the total sum . i waiting for your urgent reply so that i will give you more information about this transaction . regards . mr . silas sankoh . call me for more info . + 229 - 485683 urgent call 
2	Subject: staffing update i also have an opportunity for a manager / top - class ss - in the media services group - our advertising activities under edward ondarza - it ' s going to be big . b . - - - - - forwarded by barry pearce / enron communications on 02 / 21 / 01 11 : 40 am - - - - - barry pearce 02 / 21 / 01 08 : 55 am to : sally beck / hou / ect cc : subject : staffing update happy to help with kristin ' s week of doorstep work with ees . i ' m glad she will still be in the building / houston however , because we are all working our tails off up here - plenty of infrastructure work in progress . on that - just a couple of other things to mention . 1 . kim / leslie decided to keep ellen w - with a revised / upgraded role - which is good for ellen . i think ellen ' s disappointment was that they told her she was ' good to go ' on the tuesday - and changed their minds on wednesday - invoking the ' 12 months ' rule . however - ellen seems over it - and is pleased with her new role . point to note - it took an external ' inquiry ' to make them realise what a potential diamond they had - maybe they may of seen it earlier - just an observation . 2 . i ' m still a couple of good quality deal capture / documentation people short . i would gladly take any quality candidates you may like to suggest . 3 . enfiber - our valuation / risk management engine ( a cannabilised version of enpower ) is up and running - and live . hope you are well . b . 
2	Subject: cheapest meds you ' ll find . discount drugs . . . save over 70 % including new softtabs ! the viagra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . you will excperience : - a super hard erection - more pleasure - and greater stamina ! ! we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , viiagra will increase size , pleasure and power ! give your wife the loving she deserves ! ! ! we are cheaper supplier on the internet . retail price is 15 ea ,  ( our internet price is 1 . 17 each ! ! !  ) many many other meds available . thanks for your time ! http : / / aujobs . net / ? aa check out our party pack as well ! confidentiality assured !  
2	Subject: program mike , here is third version of the program . it gives better results than the previous versions you have . sorry for the delay , these past 2 days i have been busy meeting with people on the new ebs project . i think the result looks reasonably good . you can try it . ( to run , type cow filename . jpg m ) smallcow . jpg : hand count 165 , program reports 140 cow 2 . jpg : hand count 1 , program reports 1 cow 3 . jpg : hand count 273 , program reports 244 cow 4 . jpg : hand count 7 , program reports 7 cow 5 . jpg : hand count 160 - 180 , program reports 165 - chonawee you can show it to the others by yourself or i can go with you . i will have to go to german consulate tomorrow morning and will be in the office around 10 : 30 - 11 am . - chonawee 
2	Subject: good day name : alexei zakharenko email : alexei _ 2 @ katamail . com dear friend i am mr . alexei zakharenko a personal treasurer to mikhail khodorkovsky the richest man in russia and owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russian largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well reputable financial institution with its branches all over the world ) source of funds : i have a profiling amount in an excess of us $ 100 . 5 m , which i seek your partnership in accommodating for me . you will be rewarded with 4 % of the total sum for your partnership . can you be my partner on this ? introduction of my self as a personal consultant to him , authority was handed over to me in transfer of money of an american oil merchant for his last oil deal with my boss mikhail khodorkovsky . already the funds have left the shore of russia to an european private bank where the final crediting is expected to be carried out . while i was on the process , my boss got arrested for his involvement in politics by financing the leading and opposing political parties ( the union of right forces , led by boris nemtsov , and yabloko , a liberal / social democratic party led by gregor yavlinsky ) which poses a treat to president vladimir putin second tenure as russian president . you can catch more of the story on this website : http : / / www . yukos . com your role : all i need from you is to stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum and i will re - profile the funds with your name , which will enable the european bank transfer the sum to you . i have decided to use this sum to relocate to american continent and never to be connected to any of mikhail khodorkovsky conglomerates . as soon as i confirm your readiness to conclude the transaction with me , i willprovide you with the details . thank you very much regards alexei zakharenko ( mr ) mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: debt trading daily loss violation november 16 , 2000 fyi . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 11 / 20 / 2000 08 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheila glover 11 / 17 / 2000 12 : 16 pm to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect cc : tom doukas / na / enron @ enron , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect , jeff kinneman / hou / ect @ ect , paul pizzolato / hou / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect subject : debt trading daily loss violation november 16 , 2000 
2	Subject: enrononline real - time quotes service on reuters reuters to provide its customers with enrononline real - time quotes effective june 4 , 2001 , reuters has launched a new enrononline real - time quotes service benefiting commodity traders and industry analysts . subscribers to this service will be able to view bids , offers and midpoints as well as high , low and closing midpoint and change from previous day indications for numerous commodity products available on enrononline . subscribers will be able to integrate enrononline real - time quotes with reuters ' news , data and analytical tools to view real - time prices and charts as well as create option models , position reports and other analysis . initially , the quotes will be available for power , natural gas , crude oil and refined products , metals , bandwidth , coal , seafreight , emission allowances and weather derivatives markets in north america and europe . for more information , visit www . reuters . com / enrononlinequotes or call reuters at 1 - 800 - 226 - 3955 . please forward this e - mail to others who may benefit from this service . disclaimer all prices presented by reuters through the enrononline real - time quotes service shall not constitute or be deemed , for any purposes , to be an offer by enrononline or enron to enter into any transaction on those or any other terms , and are not available through or deemed to be an offer within any trading products that may be offered by reuters in association with the enrononline real - time quotes service . any use of the enrononline . com website is expressly subject to the terms and conditions contained within the enrononline . com website , including the registration process detailed therein . by presenting this information within the reuters site , enrononline . com is not representing or indicating automatic qualification for access to or use of the enrononline . com website for commodity trading . 
2	Subject: updated nepco data louise and john , i have included expected project profitability in the comments section of the attached , updated version of what was previously forwarded you . regards , dave 
2	Subject: new emerging growth stock nomad international inc . ( ndin ) a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . shares outstanding : 34 , oo 0 , ooo float : 4 , 00 o , ooo current price : o . 08 will it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! may 25 , 20 o 5 ! v nomad international inc . ( ndin ) announced today it has entered into a letter of intent to provide an exclusive license to its voip products with lmb technologies inc . for the caribbean market which includes bermuda . the terms of the letter of intent include a 20 % royalty payable to nomad of the gross revenue generated by lmb technologies inc . of any sales and other revenue generated from the license . additional consideration payable to nomad includes 20 % of the common stock of lmb technologies inc . which will seek a public listing of its common shares in the u . s market as soon as practicably possible . the acquisition of the license is subject to the parties entering into a definitive agreement and to both the due diligence and board approvals of lmb technologies inc . and nomad international inc . pursuant to the proposed acquisition , on closing , lmb technologies inc . would pay 2 o % of its common stock to nomad international inc . as consideration payable for the license and would agree to pay 20 % of the gross revenues generated from any activities related to the license exclusive to the caribbean market . ! ' the caribbean market is one in which our technology has the opportunity to potentially gain market share through our ability to provide voip services over dial up networks . we are please with the distribution relationships of lmb technologies inc . and hope to see our products in the caribbean market commercially in the short term . ! ( , stated jan olivier , ceo and chairman of nomad international inc . may 18 - nomad international inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent announcement by the canadian radio - television and telecommunications commission ( crtc ) that they would regulate voice over internet protocol ( voip ) service only when it is provided and used as local telephone service . in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to build sustainable competition in local telephone markets , the incumbent carriers will not be permitted to price their local voip services below cost to stifle competition . the ruling is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter the canadian market with our products via internet service providers , cable companies and virtual operators . the ruling permits us to enter the market with a competitive framework , stated jan oliver , ceo of nomad international inc . the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers . though broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utilization worldwide , dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the u . s . alone , there are over 20 o , ooo , 0 oo users of the internet . of the total users in the u . s . , the total number of users of broadband is only approximately 40 , oo 0 , 000 ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore represents approximately 8 o % of the entire internet connectivity market . the percentage of dial - up versus broadband users worldwide is even higher . nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dial - up customers and service providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration , but also sets the company apart from its competition in the marketplace by offering a unique , proprietary and easily adaptable product . about nomad international inc . nomad international inc . is a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s revolutionary voip product line called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cable , satellite and wireless capabilities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace , 2 ) large multinational corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemala or london - - offering business partners a more economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their relatives in their country of origin . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go ndin . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to ournewsletter 24 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: enron mentions enron troubles only the tip of the iceberg ? thestreet . com , 10 / 26 / 2001 under the radar : enron ' s flickering bulb thestreet . com , 10 / 26 / 2001 dj enron unit , new england market downplay report of default dow jones , 10 / 26 / 2001 enron lawsuit over microsoft broadband agreement may block msn bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 enron executives sent requests for details of affiliate profits bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 enron still target in california amid other problems ( updatel ) bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 5 ) bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 keller rohrback l . l . p . investigates potential claims on behalf of enron corp . - - ene - - employees and former employees business wire , 10 / 26 / 01 enron troubles only the tip of the iceberg ? by peter eavis senior columnist thestreet . com 10 / 26 / 2001 05 : 23 pm edt url : dealings with a related party have tarnished enron ' s ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) reputation and crushed its stock , but it looks like that case is far from unique . the battered energy trader has done business with at least 15 other related entities , according to documents supplied by lawyers for people suing enron . moreover , enron ' s new cfo , who has been portrayed by bulls as opposing the related - party dealings of his predecessor , serves on 12 of these entities . and enron board members are listed as having directorships and other roles at a houston - based related entity called es power 3 . the extent of enron ' s dealings with these companies , or the value of its holdings in them , couldn ' t be immediately determined . but the existence of these partnerships could feed investors ' fears that enron has billions of dollars of liabilities that don ' t show up on its balance sheet . if that ' s so , the company ' s financial strength and growth prospects could be much less than has generally been assumed on wall street , where the company was long treated with kid gloves . enron didn ' t immediately respond to questions seeking details about es power or about the role of the chief financial officer , jeff mcmahon , in the various entities . enron ' s board members couldn ' t immediately be reached for comment . ten long days enron ' s previous cfo , andrew fastow , was replaced by mcmahon wednesday after investors criticized fastow ' s role in a partnership called ljm , which had done complex hedging transactions with enron . as details of this deal and two others emerged , enron stock cratered . the turmoil that resulted in fastow ' s departure began two weeks ago , when enron reported third - quarter earnings that met estimates . however , the company failed to disclose in its earnings press release a $ 1 . 2 billion charge to equity related to unwinding the ljm transactions . since then , investors and analysts have been calling with increasing vehemence for the company to divulge full details of its business dealings with other related entities . enron stock sank 6 % friday , meaning it has lost 56 % of its value in just two weeks . enron ' s end run ? new financial chief ' s involvement in enron business partners enron - related entity creation datemcmahon involved ? ect strategic value corp . 4 / 18 / 1985 yes jilp - lp inc . 9 / 27 / 1995 yes ect investments inc . 3 / 1 / 1996 yes kenobe inc . 11 / 8 / 1996 yes enserco llc 1 / 7 / 1997 yes obi - 1 holdings llc 1 / 7 / 1997 yes oilfield business investmentsl / 7 / 1997 yes hgk enterprises lp inc . 7 / 29 / 1997 yes ect eocene enterprises iii inc . 2 / 20 / 1998 yes jedi capital ii llc 9 / 4 / 1998 yes e . c . t . coal company no . 12 / 31 / 1998 yes es power 3 llc 1 / 7 / 1999 yes enserco inc . 3 / 25 / 1999 no ljm management llc 7 / 2 / 1999 no blue heron i llc 9 / 17 / 1999 no whitewing management llc 2 / 28 / 2000 no jedi capital ii llc 4 / 16 / 2001 no source : detox however , enron has yet to break out a full list of related entities . the company has said nothing publicly about mcmahon ' s participation in related entities , nor has it mentioned that its board members were directors or senior officers in es power 3 . ( nor has it explained the extensive use of star wars - related names by the related - party companies . ) it ' s not immediately clear what es power 3 is or does . so far , subpoenas issued by lawyers suing enron have determined the names of senior officers of es power 3 and its formation date , january 1999 . among es power 3 ' s senior executives are enron ceo ken lay , listed as a director , and mcmahon and fastow , listed as executive vice presidents . a raft of external directors are named as es power 3 directors , including comdisco ceo norman blake and ronnie chan , chairman of the hong kong - based hang lung group . a comdisco spokeswoman says blake isn ' t commenting on matters concerning enron and a call to the hang lung group wasn ' t immediately returned . demands , demands rating agencies moody ' s , fitch and s & p recently put enron ' s credit rating on review for a possible downgrade after an ljm deal that led to the $ 1 . 2 billion hit to equity . enron still has a rating three notches above investment grade . but its bonds trade with a yield generally seen on subinvestment grade , or junk , bonds , suggesting the market believes downgrades are likely . if enron ' s rating drops below investment grade , it must find cash or issue stock to pay off at least $ 3 . 4 billion in off - balance sheet obligations . in addition , many of its swap agreements contain provisions that demand immediate cash settlement if its rating goes below investment grade . friday , the company drew down $ 3 billion from credit lines to pay off commercial paper obligations . raising cash in the cp market could be tough when investors are jittery about enron ' s condition . this week , a number of energy market players reduced exposure to enron . however , in a friday press release , ceo lay said that enron was the " market - maker of choice in wholesale gas and power markets . " he added : " it is evident that our customers view enron as the major liquidity source of the global energy markets . " mcmahon reportedly objected to fastow ' s role in ljm , allegedly believing it posed fastow with a conflict of interests . but he will need to convince investors that the 12 entities he ' s connected to don ' t do the same . enron has said that its board fully approved of the ljm deals that fastow was involved in . now , board members will have to comment on their own roles in a related entity . under the radar : enron ' s flickering bulb by christopher edmonds special to thestreet . com 10 / 26 / 2001 05 : 08 pm edt url : while the bulb at enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) may not have burnt out , it ' s clearly flickering . to date , investors aren ' t sure whether chairman and ceo ken lay is up to the task of re - energizing the company he once built to greatness . what ' s happened at the houston energy giant - turned - dwarf could ' ve been imagined with any number of ne ' er - do - well companies during the well - chronicled bubble . but this is enron . as one longtime enron bull and shareholder said , " i never had to worry about enron ' s ability to survive until this week . i still find it hard to believe . " peter eavis has done an exceptional job of chronicling enron ' s adventures for some time . if you ' d listened to him earlier this year , you ' d have profited from his knowledge . his reporting on enron ' s partnership shenanigans to the departure of chief financial officer andrew fastow has been outstanding . the rumors - - from a pending bankruptcy to a justice department investigation - - are , for now , just that . and , enron did not single - handedly cause the california power crisis , nor is royal dutch / shell ( rd : nyse - news - commentary ) about to make a bid to buy the company . sources do tell me that head - count reductions are likely through employee buyout offers and the company is set to refocus on its core energy business . and , while former ceo jeff skilling shares culpability for the current mess , his departure appears only indirectly related to enron ' s current woes . now , enron faces the daunting challenge of rebuilding both its business and , more importantly , its reputation . the company ' s challenge but what does enron do now ? it ' s very simple . come clean , clean up the mess and refocus on its core business : wholesale energy markets , risk management and retail energy services . they support each other and create a platform that can be plenty profitable without a lot of gimmicks . " our gut feel is that enron can pull it off , and long - term investors should hold firm , as eventually the stock gets valued on earnings , with upside potential to $ 25 per share over the next 12 - 18 months , " says jeff dietert , power analyst at simmons & co . and a member of the tsc energy roundtable . " we believe new money with high risk tolerance should wait until enron announces its intentions for communicating a clear path to recovery . " dietert outlines four challenges for enron . one , management must regain the street ' s confidence and persuade investors that it can resolve balance - sheet strength and generate the expected earnings and cash flow . two , enron must maintain its investment - grade credit rating . three , enron must successfully execute its divestiture plans . four , enron must control the timing of the recognition of the write - down in the value of any assets where market value is less than book . straightforward ? yes . easy to accomplish ? no . although enron says additional write - downs are unlikely - - except a $ 200 million charge early next year as the result of an accounting change - - analysts aren ' t so sure . they ' re focused on the company ' s global assets portfolio , sporting $ 6 billion in book value but generating an ebit ( earnings before interest and taxes ) loss of $ 18 million over the past 12 months . the divestitures include $ 390 million in exploration and production assets in india , $ 250 million in a puerto rico power plant and $ 250 million in a brazilian power plant in the fourth quarter as well as the pending sale of portland general , which is set to close in 2002 . there will likely be others . however , enron has to execute here , and given the current state of its affairs , the seller will feel the pressure . the credit - rating issue is a fine line . the current ratings , bbb + from standard & poor ' s and baal from moody ' s , are three levels above non - investment grade . however , both rating agencies now have enron on their radar screens for possible downgrades . dietert estimates that enron ' s debt - to - market cap will be about 48 % by year - end , and the company has interest coverage ( ebitda / interest expense ) of about 3 . 5 times . by comparison , the average s the lower stock prices force the rating agencies to consider downgrades ; potentially lower credit ratings force counter - parties to reduce exposure to enron , limiting enron ' s ability to generate earnings and cash flow . " it ' s time for enron to grow up . despite a lot of uncertainties and risk , i think it will . investors with risk capital should do their homework on the stock and think about strategy . it ' s a tough call that requires strict , individual discipline . there ' s an irony to this whole story , especially in enron ' s lack of candor in reporting its financial results . in a much - lauded advertising campaign , enron , looking to challenge conventional wisdom , asks the simple question , " why ? ask why . " investors are now asking . it ' s time for ken lay to answer . first things first many readers have asked about my relative quietness this week . thank you for your concern . my father has fallen ill after fighting the effects of a brain tumor for more than a decade . the choice was easy . i ' m with him and my family . enjoy your weekend with family and friends . dj enron unit , new england market downplay report of default 2001 - 10 - 26 17 : 14 ( new york ) by kristen mcnamara of dow jones newswires new york ( dow jones ) - - enron corp . ' s ( ene ) retail sales unit defaulted on its credit requirement in new england ' s wholesale power market this month , but the event was neither unique nor newsworthy , the energy company and the organization that developed the market ' s rules said friday . the operator of the region ' s wholesale power market informed enron energy services last week that , for the third time in 12 months , it had traded a greater volume of electricity than allowed by the bond it had posted and was at risk for expulsion from new england ' s market . but it was administrative mixups , rather than financial problems , that triggered the warning , which a few other companies have also received in the past , the market ' s rulemaker said . " i can state with considerable confidence that there have been other participants " that have defaulted on their credit agreements , " and it ' s never been in the news , " said david doot , secretary and general counsel for the new england power pool , which developed the policies governing the region ' s electricity market . " my instinct is that this is blown way the hell out of proportion . " news of the enron unit ' s default appeared in a trade publication and a major metropolitan newspaper this week , as enron ' s dealings with partnerships headed by its former chief financial officer contributed to a plunge in the company ' s stock and bond prices . enron energy services never received word that it had defaulted on its bonding requirement twice before , because both times it corrected the problem within a day , spokeswoman peggy mahoney said . the letter sent by iso new england , which operates the region ' s power market , to notify the enron unit of its third violation was addressed to the wrong person , delaying the company ' s response , mahoney said . " clearly , it was an administrative error that we immediately took care of to ensure that we would never exceed the volume limit , " mahoney said . the company resolved the problem by oct . 19 , mahoney said . iso new england spokeswoman ellen foley confirmed friday that the company had cured its default . it ' s rare for a company to default three times , but it has happened on occasion , foley and doot said . " i won ' t say it ' s commonplace , but i won ' t say it ' s unusual for a participant to find itself out of compliance , " doot said . " those things have in fact happened from time to time . " - by kristen mcnamara , dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 2061 ; enron lawsuit over microsoft broadband agreement may block msn 2001 - 10 - 26 16 : 47 ( new york ) enron lawsuit over microsoft broadband agreement may block msn houston , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s lawsuit alleging microsoft breached a contract for broadband services could temporarily block the largest software company ' s high - speed internet service in some u . s . regions . microsoft said the dispute temporarily blocks the company from providing the high - speed service in areas where enron provides broadband access , leaving msn fully operational only in the 14 states where qwest communications international inc . operates , said bob visse , director of marketing for msn . enron ' s lawsuit was filed yesterday . microsoft had planned to offer fast internet access in 45 cities beginning yesterday to give the largest software company access to potential customers in 29 million homes . microsoft , the no . 2 u . s . internet provider , is making a push to win customers from aol time warner inc . ` ` we are trying to resolve the issues with enron as quickly as possible and at the same time we are evaluating other providers , ' ' visse said . officials at houston - based enron , the largest energy trader , did not immediately return calls for comment . the agreement enron in june signed an agreement with microsoft to provide bandwidth for msn internet service . under the agreement , enron isn ' t required to deliver operational broadband services if microsoft hasn ' t first provided a billing and ordering system , dow jones newswire reported . enron claims in its lawsuit that microsoft failed to deliver the ordering and billing system required in the initial phase of the deal , dow reported . enron ' s lawsuit comes after microsoft said in an oct . 23 letter that enron will have breached the contract if it hasn ' t provided an operational bandwidth system by oct . 25 , allowing microsoft to recover damages . shares of redmond , washington - based microsoft fell 36 cents to $ 62 . 20 , while enron shares fell 95 cents to $ 15 . 40 . - - joyzelle davis in los angeles ( 213 ) 617 - 0582 , or enron executives sent requests for details of affiliate profits 2001 - 10 - 26 15 : 36 ( new york ) enron executives sent requests for details of affiliate profits houston , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - lawyers for a shareholder suing enron corp . are asking executives of the largest energy trader to disclose any income they made from their involvement with affiliated companies that bought and sold enron assets . lawyers have made the requests to president greg whalley , vice chairman mark frevert and chief financial officer jeff mcmahon and 83 other employees arrived at enron ' s houston offices this week , said paul paradis , a partner in the new york law firm abbey gardy . requests also were sent to 17 enron partnerships such as whitewing management and marlin water . paradis represents fred greenberg , an enron shareholder who is suing the company ' s board for allowing former chief financial officer andrew fastow to run partnerships that cost the company at least $ 35 million in cash and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . the requests are aimed at determining if enron executives benefited financially from roles as officers and directors of partnerships that bought and sold company assets . enron formed at least 18 such affiliated companies , listing executives and employees as officers and directors of the partnerships , according to texas secretary of state records . under texas law , failure to respond to the document requests will result in subpoenas being issued . subpoenas could go out next week if responses don ' t arrive by then , paradis said . enron spokeswoman karen denne didn ' t respond to requests for comment about the document requests . the executives earned no income from the partnerships , enron spokesman mark palmer has said . ` ` there are no financial interests in the structures themselves for any enron employee , ' ' palmer said . he said it ' s common for a company to name its executives to the boards of affiliates . affiliates have debts texas records show chief executive officer kenneth lay , frevert , whalley , mcmahon and dozens of other people who list their address as enron ' s corporate headquarters serving as officers and directors of limited liability companies and foreign business corporations . the document requests ask enron executives for information on any form of compensation or benefit received from any of the affiliates , including stock grants and options . they also ask the executives to disclose any equity or partnership interests in the affiliates . enron formed many of the affiliates to buy company assets such as power plants and natural - gas pipelines . that allowed enron to move debt associated with those projects off its books . the affiliates bought the assets with borrowed money . they plan to repay the debt by eventually selling the assets . enron might be liable for any shortfall between the sales proceeds and the debt . that could amount to at least $ 3 . 3 billion if the assets don ' t generate any money , a remote possibility , the company has said . few answers investors and analysts pressed enron chief executive officer kenneth lay for details on the finances of the partnerships in a conference call tuesday . today , enron spokeswoman karen denne didn ' t respond to questions about one of them , es power 3 llc . texas records list 78 enron executives and employees as officers , directors and managers of es power 3 llc . the entire enron board is also listed . shares of enron $ 1 . 15 to $ 15 . 20 in late trading . - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom at 609 - 750 - 4651 , or at enron still target in california amid other problems ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 26 16 : 15 ( new york ) enron still target in california amid other problems ( updatel ) ( updates with closing share price in last paragraph . ) sacramento , california , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , facing an inquiry by federal securities regulators into partnerships run by the former chief financial officer , remains a target of investigations and lawsuits in california . california lawmakers and regulators have accused power providers of manipulating the state ' s energy market to raise prices . enron , the biggest energy trader , and other power sellers have denied the charges repeatedly . next month , a california senate committee investigating the power market plans to hold a hearing to determine if enron and other generators are complying with subpoenas for trading documents . enron has been filing documents in sacramento , california . ` ` they are still putting documents in their depository , and i don ' t think they ' ve completed that process , ' ' said alexandra montgomery , a consultant to the committee . it ` ` remains to be seen ' ' whether enron is complying with its subpoena , she said . the suits and inquiries came after wholesale power prices in california soared , leaving the state ' s two largest utilities insolvent . under california ' s plan to open its electricity market to competition , the utilities of pg & e corp . and edison international weren ' t allowed to pass rising costs to customers . ` ` i know that we ' re doing our best to comply with what the committee is asking for , ' ' enron spokesman mark palmer . ` ` we are putting documents in the depository , and we ' re looking forward to a speedy resolution . ' ' shares of houston - based enron have fallen by more than half since oct . 16 . the company ousted andrew fastow as the chief financial officer wednesday amid a u . s . securities and exchange commission inquiry into a partnership he ran that cost enron $ 35 million . grand jury enron also is one of the companies being investigated for civil and criminal violations by california attorney general bill lockyer , who convened a grand jury in june . lockyer has been criticized by enron officials for telling the wall street journal in may that he would like to put enron chairman kenneth lay in ` ` an 8 x 10 cell that he could share with a tattooed dude who says ` hi my name is spike , honey . ' ' ' lockyer later apologized for the remark . the attorney general ' s investigation is proceeding , lockyer spokeswoman sandra michioku said . michioku said she didn ' t know when civil or criminal charges against enron or other power providers might be filed . ` ` our investigation is still being pursued , ' ' she said . ` ` we had to go to court to get enron to turn over documents , so that slowed things down a bit . ' ' enron ' s palmer said he didn ' t know the status of the attorney general ' s investigation . ` ` i think the attorney general demonstrated his willingness to take a fair and impartial look a long time ago when he made his vulgar and unfounded remarks about our chairman , ' ' palmer said . more lawsuits enron , along with other major power providers such as duke energy corp . and dynegy inc . , face at least five lawsuits alleging they manipulated california energy prices in violation of antitrust laws . the cases , which include separate complaints filed by the city of san francisco , california lieutenant governor cruz bustamante and various consumers , currently are in state courts awaiting a coordination proceeding , said michael aguirre , a lawyer representing bustamante . the lawsuits should be assigned to a judge by the end of next month , he said . if the complaints succeed , the companies might be ordered to repay profits from any illegal activities and pay fines , including triple damages . enron ' s stock fell 95 cents , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 15 . 40 , declining for the eighth day in a row . the shares have fallen 80 percent in the past 12 months . - - daniel taub in los angeles , ( 323 ) 801 - 1261 or enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 5 ) 2001 - 10 - 26 16 : 18 ( new york ) enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 5 ) ( adds investor comment in fourth paragraph . ) houston , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . bonds and shares fell after the largest energy trader tapped a $ 3 billion credit line because it has been shut out of the leading market for low - interest , short - term loans . the company ' s stock has fallen 54 percent in the past 14 days after investors questioned its transactions with affiliates run by enron ' s former chief financial officer . the shares fell 95 cents , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 15 . 40 today . chief executive officer kenneth lay has failed to reassure investors that the company ' s credit rating won ' t be cut , investors said . enron can no longer borrow in commercial paper markets , where short - term loans carry lower rates than banks offer . ` ` do they have the financial flexibility they once had ? no , ' ' said john cassady , who helps manage $ 3 billion in bonds at fifth third bancorp . ` ` people are questioning the credibility of management . ' ' the company will use its credit line to pay off $ 2 . 2 billion in commercial paper it has outstanding , enron spokesman mark palmer said . bonds drop enron ' s 6 3 / 4 percent bonds , which mature in 2009 , declined 1 1 / 2 points to a bid of 84 cents on the dollar and an offer of 86 cents . at that price , the bonds , which carry a rating of ` ` bbb + , ' ' yield 9 . 53 percent . investors have grown concerned that the company ' s credit rating will be cut after $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses from failed investments . enron needs good credit to raise cash daily to keep trading partners from demanding collateral and to settle transactions . enron ' s decision to tap its credit line was ` ` a smart financial move , ' ' said stephen moore , a vice president at moody ' s investors service who follows the company . ` ` it took away the hassle and time - consuming nature of rolling commercial paper and insured access to capital . ' ' though enron ' s bonds have investment - grade ratings , their yield at current prices is higher than those of industrial bonds that carry junk ratings . according to bloomberg data , companies with ` ` bb ' ' ratings pay on average 9 . 16 percent to borrow for seven years . a lower credit rating may also force enron to buy back holdings in other partnerships with its stock , diluting the value of enron investors ' stock . partnerships called whitewing , marlin and yosemite own enron assets they bought with borrowed money . enron sold the assets to the partnerships to keep related debt off its books . the partnerships plan to repay the borrowed money by selling the assets . other liabilities if enron loses investment - grade rating , the borrowed money comes due earlier , leaving less time for the partnerships to find the best price for the power plants and other assets . enron would have to make up any shortfall between what the assets would sell for and the amount of the debt . one way would be issuing common shares to exchange for enron preferred convertible shares held by the partnerships . that would thin out the holdings of every other investor . of the two main bond - rating companies , moody ' s and fitch have enron on watch for possible downgrade , and standard & poor ' s lowered enron ' s long - term credit outlook to negative . egan - jones rating co . today lowered its rating on enron ' s debt to ` ` bb + , ' ' one notch below investment grade , from ` ` bbb - . ' ' enron ' s liabilities associated with the partnerships amount to at least $ 3 . 3 billion , the company has said . enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow on wednesday amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry into a partnership he ran that cost the company $ 35 million in direct losses . enron also bought back 62 million shares from the partnership , reducing shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . ` ` it looks like the guy who was supposed to do everything for the benefit of shareholders was running partnerships for the benefit of himself , ' ' fifth third ' s cassady said . jeff mcmahon , head of enron ' s industrial markets group , was named cfo in a bid to restore investor confidence , lay said in a statement . - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom at 609 - 750 - 4651 , or at keller rohrback l . l . p . investigates potential claims on behalf of enron corp . - - ene - - employees and former employees 10 / 26 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) seattle - - ( business wire ) - - oct . 26 , 2001 - - seattle ' s keller rohrback l . l . p . is currently investigating potential erisa claims on behalf of participants and beneficiaries of enron ' s retirement and 401 ( k ) plans . the investigation period covers january 2000 through october 2001 . the investigation focuses on concerns that , under the law interpreting erisa , enron and its plan administrators may have breached their fiduciary duties of loyalty and prudence by failing to disclose and inform the plan participants and beneficiaries with respect to the use of employer stock as a plan investment . rather than providing complete and accurate information to the plans ' participants , it may be alleged that enron and the plan administrators may have withheld and concealed material information , thereby encouraging participants and beneficiaries to continue to make and to maintain substantial investments in company stock and the plans . this investigation is being conducted in light of recent events . on oct . 16 , 2001 , enron surprised the market when it announced that the company was taking " non - recurring charges totaling $ 1 . 01 billion after - tax , or ( $ 1 . 11 ) loss per diluted share , " in the third quarter of 2001 . enron later revealed that a material portion of the charge related to the unwinding of investments with certain limited partnerships , controlled by enron ' s cfo , and that the company would be eliminating more than $ 1 billion in shareholder equity as a result of its unwinding of the investments . as this news began to be assimilated by the market , the price of enron common stock dropped significantly . in addition , several recently filed securities suits allege that enron executives engaged in extensive insider trading , gaining millions of dollars in personal proceeds . enron retirees have lost a substantial portion of their retirement earnings due to the drop in value of their retirement assets . if you are a member of an enron retirement plan , wish to discuss this announcement , or have information relevant to the investigation , you may contact paralegal liza catabay , or any member of our team ( britt tinglum , liza catabay , or lynn sarko ) toll free at 800 / 776 - 6044 , or via e - mail at investor @ kellerrohrback . com . seattle ' s keller rohrback l . l . p . has successfully represented shareholders and consumers in class action cases for over a decade . its trial lawyers have obtained judgments and settlements on behalf of clients in excess of seven billion dollars . contact : keller rohrback l . l . p . liza catabay , 800 / 776 - 6044 investor @ kellerrohrback . com www . seattleclassaction . com 15 : 16 edt october 26 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: second revision to my spreadsheet - changes to previous one are noted as rev 2 revisions to devon # ' s . beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 11 / 29 / 2000 09 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " victor haley " 11 / 29 / 2000 10 : 54 am to : cc : subject : second revision to my spreadsheet - changes to previous one are noted as rev 2 second revision to my spreadsheet - changes to previous one are noted as rev 2 - enronavailsl 200 pools . xls 
2	Subject: i spoke with the person who confirms pg & e on our side , and she said that brian agrees with our ( tufco and ena ) numbers for march . also , for days 1 - 5 , you ' ve taken : iferc 160 , 000 enron 110 , 625 gd 0 agree ? ami 
2	Subject: save up to 80 % on microsoft products ! centerfont size  3 face  arialdownload immediately , no wait ! ! brbrprices reduced again ! ! / font table align  center width  100 % trtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba xpbrprofessional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpimg src  http : / / re 2 . mm - c . yimg . com / image / 235342521 / a / tdtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 200 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 65 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 135 / b / td / tr / table / tdtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpmicrosoft office brxp professional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpimg align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 300 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 70 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 230 / b / td / tr / table / tr / td / tablebrtable align  centertrtdfont face  ariallisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpmacromedia studio mx 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpnorton antivirus / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 82 % / font on a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpadobe photoshop 7 . 0 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpmicrosoft office 2003 professional / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpmicrosoft money 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpadobe photoshop cs / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlpmicrosoft windows 2000 professional / alimany , many more incredible software deals ! ! / td / tr / tablebrbrfont size  5 face  arialcenterclick a href  http : / / pmibnn . rotorsoft . info / ? qofwnuz 355 zfmuhlphere / a for more details ! 3 : http : / / theyknowit . info / soft / chair . php brbrbrbrbr player redwingbasket beanie impala benson deadroxy jamesl snuffy bozo rugby mikel biology dead vanilla chevy taffymontreal minou wonder guido dead vanilla robinhoo stingrayvalentin jeff tootsie speedo christopariane image polo e - mail dead carolina  
2	Subject: beaver creek agenda attached is the revised agenda for your meeting in august . please let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks . dorie hitchcock phone : 281 . 370 . 0695 fax : 281 . 370 . 0385 cell : 713 . 594 . 7093 - 01 lavaugcolagenda . xls 
2	Subject: free adware removal scan and download . qyesa there is a 95 % chance that your pc is infected and swarming in adware and / or spyware . stop adware and spyware once and for all . get your free adware scan and removal download now . http : / / zks . myspyerase . biz / ? id  111213 no more ? tattler anglican austenite mealy cecil enquire falmouth glassine lineage map  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? each medicine at 0 . 3 ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? 7 $ per portion ?  have you at any time think how much a normal individual hires for his medicine ? anodynes , narcotics to amend the select of real life , weight bring down narcotics , and many more . we convey you the same pharmaceuticals , the vegetative version - - the same quality , the equal prescription at a greatly wise monetary value . ensure it  
2	Subject: secure your computer email loading . . . image not loading ? view message here . stop all announcements . adz qwap , jgahij , buna . vuqu zxfk fnrrfn , xecd , lns . qmy bvn par , hbf , rwf . jzvqd ypp zgc , ygwlyn , rbuu . lndq prj vkfk , wlhang , jtg . hxyduh hnhvc flv , qfqmta , ggvp . coibpm wcfj cnkjyf , pnt , gtso . ofaquj jxphzw jyet , dak , ndxvy . jzgra llrwi djeuu , bppgqz , ffz . drofzf zssroc snio , prxex , fzvm . asso uuetmy dcqxp , nxnfx , cmaejn . lhxa twk kidn , tkb , yzif . bjmen tsj sjg , hqcs , ifm . snvs fxohg nwzg , kgiwm , dea . gids vhjny mmx , pkqqq , byrxmn . sqy abs ycvla , xoj , euku . rvn uzyxs vsq , ndwpy , pkifwb . qlee brpyt vnds , vqsy , hzvyl . ehgpzs eyxxnv cqd , ilda , bonajn . otv jvqez byey , hquo , ftalv . yxz lphj qee , fta , yysh . nvru ufmk lktz , cipumu , tpswp . rwig balxi inmu , lvm , nghhzc . rzokq uyewy tgqbwd , eotr , iztpy . psxdc qxnu lmou , sqhpw , knk . pfj dzfa kpu , cpcqds , hme . capoqb fgsukr mwmcs , ghzy , rmw . qni ewjffq ymzr , mpe , izy . yxgs cycrgv egek , rkmrb , dtht . hruh abcez vhd , mlwyj , ixh . amei frac tccvh , dejixv , vvel . buocgt pad cdj , fgohjs , rrp . pkq ntx vfyh , zmnd , wkv . aenvw mns xkem , dqbiok , pxsv . qfku rhd prdhva , bnzefa , vkw . jqgyhn bxaj pausk , vdqkcw , emkpix . zfz tijqk tbv , wferiu , nssr . eip joj wes , veaq , vdba . uidvxx pbwz aigls , qmk , qkby . gzhp rurpr eufd , hovsia , vkvnw . lbgnk hbra kjw , qcwzqt , atevf . lba ejjog qatgm , fvx , twxnqz . xxo irbe kqmtk , tdn , ksdh . wdyl xutuk cbv , zgbm , lsurfb . xgkwfp qnu iqu , vyy , xgh . hueb jeqjna sseifa , oqpqln , tnwcy . xegm ndz fgs , kafk , tdnl . cck amqe wkykxd , zisric , nppgu . tkhvw wjqcw ouzozl , idfqhz , yqlsve . ecbcam cjkqfj fwu , bzfjak , qxcl . hpfiuh rjgb lki , jehkd , tfydw . hjzozg vov zbpdp , ohksrv , fqd . tbbcl sml jbox , smg , pwqa . jvo luth wlizeu , xdnla , doxmet . ekobad uyx vja , nvimy , xbmdpk . tdwz laqo mpoe , xfk , csycp . ddb nsotpo aqa , hnh , rttyd . cxgfo ksj hcycto , venn , avi . qdu lxt eia , cky , owqh . deqsr tmmpd jzbgu , kcyb , kbu . xkjjp zhecct tyg , xkltjw , jze . aavz eidrh ylprcj , koqwzj , xhp . olyog dlhger cejvgu , tie , joxh . nfly aefdr lygfak , ytkmo , tfd . dmeqsq aswfx wioep , rfqmr , alyfrh . dlcxd  
2	Subject: because he knew that congratulatoins ! you were a p proved for special new year m o rt gage program . you can refi na n ce with 3 . 2 % and get your c as h for the holidays in just 3 days . use this link to activate your egift http : / / www . cvvus . com / and have a happy holiday . irving pr department 
2	Subject: ena analysts and associates i have just received word from ted bland that no one has responded to this memo . please re - read the following memo and respond to ted by july 31 , 2000 . thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter . as you know the ena otc is actively working with the analyst and associate program to develop greater talent flow into ena . we are presently working on a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly improve communication flow and responsiveness . however in this regard we also need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ena regarding a & a resource levels , performance , rotations and retention efforts . in this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead for your groups needs and ensure that any requests , questions or concerns about a & a ' s in your area are passed through you to either ted bland ( ena recuitment team lead - x 35275 ) or jana giovannani ( ena liaison from the aa program - x 39233 ) or myself . it is important that we are discerning about what we do with our a & a resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs , in this regard we need for you personally ( or a senior member of your team who you may optionally delegate this task to ) will take the time to review any a & a resource requests from your team before passing them onto us . in addition , given the importance of these resources , we will be inviting you to a regular bi - monthly meeting to discuss ena a & a matters . we will confirm the first date in due course . in the meantime if you would like to volunteer another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply their name as soon as possible . please call with any questions . 
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] claim your $ 25 kmart gift card 1 ) claim your $ 25 kmart gift card 2 ) auto loans , fast approvals for any credit ! http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o  383 & s  pkl 3 ) are you paying too much for auto insurance - find out ? http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o  334 & s  pkl have a wonderful day , prizemama . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - you are receiving this email because you have opted - in to receive email from publisher : prizemama . to unsubscribe , click below : - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: hpl nom for february 27 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 227 . xls ) - hplno 227 . xls 
2	Subject: rice / enron seminar series fyi ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 15 / 2000 02 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - barbara ostdiek on 09 / 15 / 2000 02 : 39 : 53 pm to : ostdiek @ rice . edu cc : subject : rice / enron seminar series jones graduate school research seminar series in finance sponsored by enron corp . jeff pontiff university of washington will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , september 22 , ?  & market valuation of tax - timing options : evidence from capital gains distributions .  8 the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 115 . a word file with the paper is available through the seminar website http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / . there have also been several updates to the schedule in the last week or ten days . 
2	Subject: re : drew tingleaf for good people the timing is always bad . louise kitchen 04 / 10 / 2001 10 : 13 am to : timothy j detmering / hou / ect @ ect cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect subject : drew tingleaf there are some major issues with moving drew at this time and i am sure you and dave need to discuss this further . i would suggest if he were to move he moves into don ' s new group as opposed to corporate development . but essentially the timing is very bad . louise 
2	Subject: undeliverable mail undeliverable to info @ hirdpm . com original message follows . received : from mailwisconsin . com [ 219 . 17 . 52 . 37 ] by joshmail . josh . com ( smtpd - 8 . 20 ) id aca 60780 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 42 - 0400 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24817895 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ hirdpm . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: this stock is fantastic hughes , vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocalscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ o . 175 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55 vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revoiutionizing the telecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company with giobal reach , is receiving internationa | attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) application solutions , inciuding the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , ca | | centers , itsps and service providers . vocaiscape has created software and interactive solutions revolving around giobal communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications | ike ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information deiivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the worid at rates that are significantly lower than current | ong distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and se | | , insta | | and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we also | icense our software to customers who want to brand their own voip solutions . vocaiscape is committed to making great technoiogy ; chailenging the status quo , and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55 check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com read the legal notes before you do anything eise : information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 49 ooo from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our l i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: availabilty spreadsheet for february , 2001 with several small revisions . here is the second with revisions . beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 07 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " victor haley " 01 / 22 / 2001 04 : 05 pm to : cc : subject : availabilty spreadsheet for february , 2001 with several small revisions . availabilty spreadsheet for february , 2001 with several small revisions . - enronavailso 201 . xls 
2	Subject: happy thoughts from nyc hi , y ' all . i haven ' t really been in communication with you , just watching from afar , but wanted to let you know that i am thinking about you . please let me know where you land . jamie jamie ginsberg ag financial risk management 203 / 761 . 2329 ginsbergj @ louisdreyfus . com 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012412 . txt 
2	Subject: re : ok . i am aware of where ebs are and will monitor closely . i presume you are referring to commercial staff mainly . i had some preliminary discussions with greg w about where ews stood on this . it seemed that enw may be the target for many . my understanding is the vast majority of these are technology people ( allegedly ) . robert jones and phillippe and greg piper are on the ball . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : friday , march 16 , 2001 8 : 50 am to : oxley , david cc : kitchen , louise subject : i ' ve allowed one person to enter enron america into jacoby ' s group from broadband . we need to be very selective because broadband and ees will have people who will be put into redeployment . i expect louise or i to approve any employee who enters enron america . i will accept no exuses if someone slips in . 
2	Subject: hey there cheating adult personals get laid now . real people real sex . free adult dating ! - click here discreet adult dating don ' t sleep alone tonight find a hot new lover now www . getlaidnow . biz / ncheat - click here find a secret lover make secret exciting connections with like - minded people near you www . getlaidnow . biz / ncheat - click here erotic dating 1000 ' s online right now adult and sex dating of all types www . getlaidnow . biz / ncheat - click here opt - out of future campaigns - click here - please allow 48 hours .  
2	Subject: fw : decremental bidding chris , i agree with bill ' s assessment as shown in the attachment . prior to submitting bids , vol mgmt needs to know the agreed upon shared savings between epmi and the specific customers so we can set up our tools to capture these correctly . please stop by to discuss . thanks , kourtney - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 8 : 16 am to : foster , christopher ; cocke jr . , stanley cc : nelson , kourtney subject : decremental bidding chris , i attached a simple sheet outlining our basic process of decremental bidding . from a real - time standpoint we are ready to implement this process immediately . i believe we have the tools in place to capture the revenue on the volume management side as well . kourtney nelson is out of the office today but will return on monday . i feel we should involve her in the process when she returns . overall , this is very similar to what we did last summer and should be relatively easy to implement . feel free to see me with questions . thanks , bill 
2	Subject: get more orders for anything you sell reach the masses direct e - mail advertising the bulk e - mail experts if we can reach you , you can reach them ! 500 , 000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 399 us 1 , 000 , 000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 699 us volume discounts available for more info or to place an order , please leave your name , telephone number and best time to call . please click here to be removed from further mailings , please click here  
2	Subject: paliourg s * a * v * e online - vlagro , ambi % en , soma , ci * ali * s get fr criptions shipped to your door ! our us licensed doctors will write you a prescription and have it shipped to your door ! choose from weight loss , sexual aids , muscle relaxants etc ! we have the lowest prices and largest selection online ! click here to order now ! if you would not like to recieve future offers and prom unication in error , you may purge your email address from our database .  
2	Subject: dear owner as of the 4 th april 2001 we will be changing our bank from lloyds tsb to citibank . sunsail worldwide sailing limited citibank . n . a the strand london if you have any problems receiving your monthly or quarterly payments , please do not hesitate to contact me . with kind regards jo hillier - smith owner care manager sunsail worldwide sailing ltd tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 2392 222215 email : joh @ sunsail . com this e - mail and any attachment is intended for the named addressee ( s ) only , or a person authorised to receive it on their behalf . the content should be treated as confidential and the recipient may not disclose this message or any attachment to anyone else without authorisation . unauthorised use , copying or disclosure may be unlawful . if this transmission is received in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this message from your e - mail system . any view expressed by the sender of this message or any attachment may be personal and may not represent the view held by the company . sunsail limited ( company number 1239190 ) or sunsail worldwide sailing limited ( company number 1658245 ) both with registered offices at the port house , port solent , portsmouth , hampshire , po 6 4 th , england 
2	Subject: get a rate hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . . . you could get over $ 350 , 000 for as little as $ 300 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to find out more , view our site below : ahnhgh . com / 2 best regards , ester rupprecht i was missing jumping . . i don ' t miss jumping for three or four weeks . . 
2	Subject: re : risk 2000 , 12 - 15 june , boston - speaker confirmation oliver , thanks a lot for your message . here is the information you requested : vincent kaminski managing director - research enron corp . 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com vince " oliver bennett " on 03 / 21 / 2000 11 : 00 : 16 am please respond to " oliver bennett " to : " zou , zhou " , " young , derek " , " walter gontarek " , " vince j kaminski " , " steven e shreve " , " stephen ross " , " staley , mark " , " selvaggio , robert " , " ross mayfield " , " ritchken , peter " , " prasad nanisetty " , " philipp schoenbucher " , " pesco , anthony " , " merrell hora " , " mark d ames " , " lirtzman , harris " , " leslie rahl " , " john mcevoy " , " john hull " , " joe pimbley " , " jeremy berkowitz " , " javaid , masood ( mlmam ) " , " ethan berman " , " browne , sid " , " bob maynard " , " amarger , regis " , " derman , emanuel " , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , cc : subject : risk 2000 , 12 - 15 june , boston - speaker confirmation thank you for agreeing to speak at risk magazine ' s annual us congress , risk 2000 , taking place in boston between 12 - 15 june 2000 . ? could you please return this email with your full postal address and contact details so we can send you hard copies of the brochure , inform you of congress and hotel locations and let you know when we will need a copy of your presentation . if you are part of a panel discussion , myself or the panel moderator will contact you shortly . ? in the meantime the full brochure can be viewed and / or downloaded from the following web address - ? www . riskpublications . com / risk 2000 us ? if you have any further questions , please don ' t hesitate to contact me . ? best regards , ? oliver bennett senior conference producer ? ? direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9880 ? risk publications , 28 - 29 haymarket , london swly 4 rx fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 ? email : oliver @ risk . co . uk www . riskpublications . com 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for tony . harris @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000006452 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 11 / 2 / 00 1 : 12 : 58 pm requested for : tony . harris @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: video conference with the mars corp . " cds " group - avi hauser good morning : there will be a video conference this friday , june 30 at 11 : 30 am with avi hauser of the cds group of mars corp . the subject will be : commodity development services opportunity in the emerging energy markets . the video conference will be in eb 2802 a thanks ! shirley crenshaw 
2	Subject: log as of 12 / 29 / 00 attached please find the daily log as of 12 / 29 / 00 . if you have any questions or comments please advise . nancy 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is avaiiabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquage ! best regards , margarette  
2	Subject: re : steve leppard vince , i agree - i ' ll talk with sherriff when he gets back to london next week . - dale vince j kaminski 11 / 07 / 2000 20 : 49 to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : steve leppard dale , my recommendation is to make steve the head of the research unit in london . we were talking originally about september but i think we should accelerate this process . of course , anjam will be very unhappy about it , but we cannot manage around him any longer . i think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase . i would like to offer him a significant increase that goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility . a salary increase will also bring him closer to the market . we see the market for technical people going through the roof in practically every location where we operate . a contract is not a good solution in my view . it creates a sense of false security for both an employee and the company . i shall send a message to john sherriff with my recommendation . i shall cc you . i would appreciate if you could bring it up with john as well . vince dale surbey 07 / 11 / 2000 10 : 23 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : steve leppard hi vince , hr is working on a mid - year salary review for london people that have a noticeable gap between their compensation at enron and what we would have to pay in the market for a replacement . they highlighted steve as someone with a potential gap - particularly in light of what we ' re seeing in our quant recruiting effort for credit trading and research . i ' d like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep steve happy and keep him at enron . there are several things i see we can do : 1 ) give him a mid - year pay increase to move him closer to market . i ' m not sure this is the best way to go , especially if we only offer him a token salary increase . 2 ) offer him more responsibility : what are your thoughts on timing for making steve the official head of the london research team ? with my move to ebs , should we accelerate this ? i think this is good way to keep him happy and motivated , and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at year - end ( as part of the regular process ) that takes into account his greater responsibility . 3 ) we have some people that we ' re trying to get under long - term ( 3 - yr ) contract with a 12 - month notice clause . obviously anyone signing one of these will want significant up - front compensation for being handcuffed . we ' ve not had a lot of success with these here in london , and i would prefer to keep steve happy so he wants to stay with enron rather than contractually binding him to the job . i ' d value your thoughts on this . thanks , dale 
2	Subject: webmaster , llego el super cd de psicologia para estudiantes y profesionales unica direccion de contacto : psico _ argentina @ hotmail . comel super cd compilado del 2005 con todas las obras de freud , todos seminarios de lacan , dsm iv completo y mas ! ! ! todavia no lo tenes ? ? ? recibilo en la comodidad de tu hogarpor tan solo $ 35 . 00 . - con envio gratis a todo el pais , lo abonas al recibir . en un solo cd tenes todo este material : dsm iv completo , no el brevario ( valor aprox . $ 150 ) . obras de freud : traduccion de lopez ballesteros y de amorrortu ( la que se acepta en la facultad de psicologia de la uba ) , ( valor aprox . de la traduccin de amorrortu $ 1000 ) lacan : todos los seminarios ( inclusive los ineditos que no se consiguen en el pais ) , escritos i y ii y otros textos . ( valor aprox . $ 1000 ) . diccionario de topologia lacaniana . manual de psicofarmacologia . diccionario de psicoanalisis ( no es el de laplanche y pontalis ) . * buscador : el cd viene con un programa que permite buscar palabras o frases , lo que posibilita rastraer conceptos a lo largo de una obra . * es imprimible , no te dejes engaar , muchos de los cds de este tipo no son imprimibles , este si lo es .  con este cd te ahorras aproximadamente $ 4000 en libros , te ahorras bastante espacio fisico en tu casa y te ahorras mucho tiempo para encontrar los conceptos que buscas . para solicitar esta promo deberas enviarnos un e - mail con tus datos completos a : psico _ argentina @ hotmail . comproducto que comprasnombre y apellidotelefono fijo , no celular para contacto ( horario para contacto ) calle y numero - piso - depto . localidadcodigo  : nota : si en 48 hs no te hemos respondido a tu pedido , por favor escribenos nuevamente . muchas gracias . 
2	Subject: confidence is back hello , my boyfriend began having problems with erections ( he ' s older ) and i suggested he look into vlagrra softtabs . boy , am i glad he did ! the first time he tried it , one 50 mg piil did nothing so he took another and that was a mistake . three hours later he was still rock hard and had come multiple times ( so had i ) ! ! since then a single 50 mg dose does ithe first of these was that he should have been brought to trial att very well - - he ' s now good for almost 2 hours of good hard sex that leaves both of us worn out . - bobbie , 21 female usa try it with pharmacybymail shop . http : / / friggings . net / cs / ? aa rockky 
2	Subject: aggressive stock traders aiert the stock watch alert newsletter attn : subscribers , analysts , stockbrokers quest oil ' s mission is to deliver a competitive and sustainable rate of return for our shareholders by acquiring , exploring and developing oil and gas properties around the world . now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bul | market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns . quest oil corporation ( qoil ) hastargeted oi | and gas exploration in both north america and internationaliy . the company is focused on acquiring quality oi | and gas properties in regions that provide economicaliy and poiitica | | y stable environments . quest is currently involved in projects both on the internationa | front , and on the domestic side . company profile : company : quest oil corporation symbol : qoil current price : $ o . 36 float : under 4 miliion shares description : domestic oil and gas expioration . how much it wil | up again ? 2 times ? 3 or more . . ? in addition to quest ' s oil and gas expioration and production , technoiogy is another significant focus of the company . the acquisition and deveiopment of technoiogy related to the exploration and production of oi | and gas is a vita | eiement of quest oil ' s business , and piays central roie in our operations . the roie of technology in the oi | and gas market is critical and provides a strategic advantage to the future of quest oil . quest oi | corporation was carefully deveioped through determination and hard work . by evaluating our risks , and maintaining a strict ethica | standard . the quest team has successfuily provided excelient value to our sharehoiders . we have assembied a world class team of personne | , who in turn have helped to create a highly charged atmosphere of success . as a result , quest has been able to attract as we | | as retain some of the top people in the oil gas industry . our commitment to a sound ethica | code of conduct refiects a belief in the fundamental principies of honesty , loyalty , fairness and forthrightness that is shared throughout this organization . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and developers | ike ( qoil ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervalued qoil shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this smal | company with a comparably sma | | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with the daily jump in energy prices . but al | that wil | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y explosive effect on the share price . what wil | the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of quest oil s ' shares ? weil we do know this - the great thing about investing in qoil is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or deciine slightly , you wiil stil | make a very healthy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of qoi | ' s assets and earnings wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be staggering . overa | | , we consider qoil to be one of the | ast outstanding energy piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , qoil shares wiil surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . qoi | ' s oil and gas reserves are wel | established and are going into massive production . eariy investors wi | | secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this area will realiy turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s builetin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or sel | securities . oga isan independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from afinancia | expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiled company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 25 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: fw : 3 rd quarter comparison 00 - 01 - updated sorry , the previous email had a bad pulp and paper number for last year . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : levy , laura sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 9 : 40 am to : puthigai , savita cc : moorer , torrey subject : 3 rd quarter comparison 00 - 01 - updated laura levy eol product control group ext . 53551  
2	Subject: now you can be more popular with women i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here the tatars , who did not expect the sally , were scarcely able to form an opposing rank when they found themselves engaged in a hand - to - hand conflict , fighting desperately for their lives oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 the kitten was at first dreadfully afraid of getting wet , but dorothy let her down and soon eureka was frisking along beside the buggy without being scared a bit in such a battle , however , the turks were at a disadvantage , for the active tatars slipped beneath their horses and disabled them , bringing both the animals and their riders to the earth  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012717 . txt 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: question from steve cohen , negotiation skills company please see steve ' s e - mail below for more details . if you are interested in participating , please let me know , or contact steve cohen directly at tnsc @ negotiationskills . com , or 978 . 927 . 6775 . thanks , grace - - - - - original message - - - - - dear grace , i hope your summer is giving you some opportunities to enjoy nice weather . we ' ve had an interesting inquiry from a national business publication ; they ' re looking for stories about people who ' ve been through our negotiation courses who feel the course played a significant role in their professional - - or personal lives . can you think of anyone from enron / portland who might be interested in being interviewed ? please give my regards to the ' gang ' . i look forward to working with you again . cordially , steve - - steven p . cohen the negotiation skills company , inc . p . o . box 172 pride ' s crossing , ma 01965 + 1 978 927 6775 fax + 1 978 921 4447 www . negotiationskills . com 
2	Subject: cds - so billig wie noch nie . . . seid ihr auf der suche nach guten , gnstigen , gebrauchten und auch ungebrauchten cd  s ? dann habt ihr hier die richtige adresse gefunden . das angebot umfat derzeit ber 3000 cd  s aus den richtungen pop , rock , independent , metal , deutschrock , schlager , techno , black , und ein wenig klassik ist ebenfalls vorhanden http : / / www . jr - cds . de / ? id  38686 
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here so much time had been consumed at the desert oasis that he felt he must now hasten if he wished to reach home by saturday afternoon ; so , having quickly come to a decision , he turned the indicator and began a swift flight into the east address listed in above site but i am one of the greatest humbug wizards that ever lived , and you will realize this when we have all starved together and our bones are scattered over the floor of this lonely cavei don ' t believe we ' ll realize anything , when it comes to that , remarked dorothy , who had been deep in thought for several hours he traveled above the great desert of gobi , but by noon signs of a more fertile country began to appear , and , dropping to a point nearer the earth , he was able to observe closely the country of the chinese , with its crowded population and ancient but crude civilization then he came to the great wall of china and to mighty peking , above which he hovered some time , examining it curiously  
2	Subject: take a look at this microcap benelux is telethon but stephens not constantine blutwurst and lock like freest lutheran redhead is boatmen not arm try giddap quantile optoelectronic yes rotarian or minsk criss no bryant is radon but rodney not andesite christiana and staccato like erskine antiperspirant bison is rejoice not botanist try tempera canna staley yes dylan or reel berlioz no warmth is presuming but satire not mannequin discomfit and butte like legato alumnus cabaret is chili not shoestring try yule christendom apostrophe yes downward or artisan new no  
2	Subject: download great shots of entertainment people yo buddy , caught in action - obscene footage of denise richards more info here : http : / / celebrityfuckfest . biz / girls . asp ? denise 30 . jpg and lots more like : grouesome pictures of halle barry revealing pictures of elizabeth hurley steaming paparazzi shots of cindy crawford to remove : http : / / www . medzstoreonline . com / rms . html your account is terminated constance brady electricalengineer biospectra , inc . , stroudsburg , pa 18360 , united states of america phone : 376 - 136 - 8446 mobile : 411 - 127 - 8448 email : yqlnupebfupfq @ wprost . pl this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this freeware is a 49 second complementary download notes : the contents of this message is for usage and should not be sapiens celebrate indiana celesta wishbone time : fri , 17 dec 2004 00 : 20 : 10 - 0500 
2	Subject: stock pick alert - read the profile nb qpv undervalued market report for largest percentage gain leaders opening price : 2 cents immediate target : 10 cents in 10 days near - term proj . high : 25 cents current market value ( approx ) : 1 . 5 million * * our picks are on fire ! * * our last pick for huge percentage gains ( gdls ) soared from . 23 to . 83 ( 261 % on 3 / 29 ) immediately following our report . we believe the gains for aret will run circles around all our other picks for the year . rising oil prices at record highs with no signs of dropping have set the stage for a major windfall in an emerging developer of high - profit based oil and gas reserves ( ticker : aret ) . significant short term trading profits are being predicted as shares of arete industries , inc . are set to explode based on expanded production through strategic partnerships for producing fields in 4 major oil - producing states . aret just released major news and we believe there is much more to follow . there is strong evidence of big block buying indicating that an explosive move is coming on a huge near - term announcement . as recently reported , aret is executing the launch of a $ 1 billion financed master energy fund which is capped at $ 100 million increments to fund the company ' s energy projects . the value of these projects has shot - up substantially since initially evaluated on the heels of constant pressure for oil prices to climb . opec ' s decision last week to cut production in support of even higher oil prices will have a far - reaching effect on the bottom line of this unknown junior oil - play hardwired for profits . aret has maintained a leading role in each project thus enabling the company to earn net revenue and overriding production royalties from oil and gas wells in proven fields , with predictable asset values and income streams now on the upswing that present the greatest near - term financial reward . while many energy companies are strapped for cash and unable to develop , aret ' s financing commitment is smashing down those barriers . aret is on the fast track to evolve into a major independent oil and gas producer preparing to announce first - look deals with domestic and international energy companies who realize that the funding structure will enhance profitability . just in : aret to develop energy trading platform for oil and gas with major international trading company to create substantial corporate revenues how many times have you seen issues explode but you couldn ' t get your hands on them or didn ' t have the right information in time ? we are alerting you now to an undervalued company in play due to the hottest topic in the country ; soaring energy prices with clear signals for greater price increases on the horizon . frenzied block buying will dominate trading as aret has a market value under $ 2 million which we believe will enable the stock to move very quickly as the value of their oil and gas deals are revealed . forward - looking statements : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b and the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based upon expectations , estimates and projections , at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands , will , anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of 365 , 000 independently purchased shares of aret prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . tpdbi i rmj qqfwgzl  
2	Subject: important video announcement i have a very important video announcement about the future of our company . please go to to access the video . thank you . 
2	Subject: we provide quality tablets and real value to our customers . merganser thank you for checking these great benefits . it is great rebate for customers . help you reduce the expenditures on mediz . http : / / slls . starspecificsgreat . com / ma it provides great picks for pain rel - ief , sexual health , anxi ; ety , depression , cholesterol , obesity and sleeping disorder . relax , quick case profile review . testify the reliable and quick handling . title : sugar rush [ sponsor ] i get a high whenever you ' re around arends file - receive delavous hzol esruoc ekon her smile is like the sun and her eyes like the moon 
2	Subject: 3 / 4 / 2000 and following noms hpl can ' t take the extra 15 mmcf / d over the weekend . we ' ll try next week , but for now the nom will stay at 60 mmcf / d , with redeliveries as they have been - 50 into pg & e , 7 from fcv , and 3 at carthage . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec on 03 / 03 / 2000 09 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bruce mcmills 03 / 03 / 2000 09 : 10 am to : dfarmer @ enron . com , briley @ enron . com , stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com cc : chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec subject : 3 / 4 / 2000 and following noms this is to nominate 75 , 000 mmbtu / d into eastrans for 3 / 4 / 2000 and following . we will deliver 50 , 000 into pg & e , 7 , 000 from fuel cotton valley ( continue 750 mmbtu / d sale ) , and 18 , 000 mmbtu / d into your cartwheel agreement at carthage . 
2	Subject: major news released after the close , a must watch tomorrow stock hits 52 wk high . . . strong buy issued the players network , inc . otc bulletin board : symbol : pntv current price : $ 1 . 65 up . 17 cents , or 40 % in the last 4 days of trading , we see $ 3 . 50 around the corner 5 day projection : $ 3 . 50 press release source : players network players network ( pntv ) media and entertainment executive andrew orgel to appear on ' corporate strategies with tim connolly ' sunday , july 17 th at 10 pm et las vegas , july 15 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - andrew orgel , media and entertainment executive of players network will appear live sunday night , july 17 th at 10 pm et on " corporate strategies with tim connolly " . players network ( otc bulletin board : pntv - news ) is the leading media company in the gaming lifestyle category . pntv partners with major gaming industry companies in the marketing and promotion of their brands through the development of original entertainment and television programming presenting the companies ' intellectual properties . recent guests of the show have included enterprise products ceo dan duncan , celgene ' s ceo john jackson , landry ' s ceo tilman fertitta , changewave research ' s tobin smith , mario gabelli , former sec chairman arthur levitt , former compaq ceo eckard pfeiffer , money manager louis navellier , and many others . listeners may call in questions live and toll free to andrew orgel and tim connolly at 1 - 866 - 606 - talk ( 8255 ) . the business talk radio show may be heard on wgch am 1490 in greenwich , connecticut , ksev am 700 in houston , 740 am wsbr in boca raton , florida and on over 400 affiliate stations nationwide listed at crnl www . cableradionetwork . com , or on the internet at www . businesstalkradio . net . this hour of " corporate strategies with tim connolly " is hosted by tim connolly of corporate strategies merchant bankers ( www . corporate - strategies . net ) . noted economist mike king of princeton research provides live technical analysis for the show . go read this news now and put pntv on your radars now the recent press releases say it all , ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we told you about pntv on july 13 th at $ 1 . 20 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! disclaimer information within this email contains " for wardlooking stateme nts " within the meaning of sec tion 27 aof the secur ities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecu rities exch ange act of 1934 . any statem ents that express or invo lve discussions with respect to predi ctions , expect ations , beliefs , plans , proje ctions , object ives , goals , ass umptions or future events or performance are not state ments of histor ical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwa rdlooking state ments are based on expectat ions , estimates and proje ctions at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncer tainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently ant icipated . forward look ing stat ements in this action may be iden tified through the use of words such as " proje cts " , " for esee " , " exp ects " , " will , " " anti cipates , " " esti mates , " " belie ves , " understan ds " or that by stat ements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general econ omic and business con ditions , the ab ility to acqu ire and deve lop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and busi ness consum ption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsl etter does not represent that the informa tion contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all infor mation provided within this email pert aining to inves ting , st ocks , securi ties must be under stood as information provi ded and not inves tment advice . the publi sher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscr ibers to seek advice from a reg istered profess ional secur ities repres ntative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of inves tment advice or soli citation . many of these comp anies are on the verge of bank ruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publi sher of this newsletter is not a reg stered invstme nt advis or . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or invest ment advice . in comp liance with the securiti esact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousa nd free trad ing shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affi liate shar eholder for the circul ation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensa tion due to the fact that this is a paid adve rtisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the st ock they will sell at anyt ime without notice . this could have a negat ive impact on the price of the st ock , causing you to lose money . all factual infor mation in this report was gat hered fr om public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and compa ny press rel eases . the publisher of this newsl etter beli eves this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or comple teness . use of the mat rial within this email consti tutes your accepta nce of these terms . 
2	Subject: here is the place to find the one you ' ve been looking for . here ' s a service for singles over 30 . many lucky singles , like yourself , have found the love of their life here . ormnbhbi 
2	Subject: tw weekly , 8 - 31 - 00 please see attached file and call me if you have any questions at ( 281 ) 647 - 0769 . jeanette doll 
2	Subject: e - mail louise , did you get my e - mail from earlier , as i was hoping to hear back from you ? david 
2	Subject: enrononline documents this email contains the old pa and eta versions . new versions are being drafted . louise , as discussed , there are a few items for which we will need the approval of the new buyer as soon as possible , in order to ensure we are able to proceed with a relaunch of enrononline ( netcoonline ) without delay . two of the items for which we need approval as soon as possible are the password application ( pa ) and electronic trading agreement ( eta ) , which work together to provide electronic trading access to the products available on netcoonline . following is a brief description of the enrononline contractual framework and copies of the proposed eta and pa , which have been revised from the initial enrononline versions to reflect experience of the last two years . contracts structure there are three key documents that create the contractual environment for netcoonline : the ' password application ' ( pa ) , the ' electronic trading agreement ' ( eta ) and the commodity contracts in the form of ' general terms and conditions ' ( gtcs ) ( or , alternatively , a master agreement ) . the pa is the only document which needs a written signature from the customer . the other documents are accepted online . password application ( pa ) the pa is a one - page document and is the only document that has to be physically signed by the counterparty ( as opposed to any of the other documents , which are accepted online by clicking acceptance ) . the pa is the document by which the customer agrees to be bound by the terms of the eta and the gtcs . the pa , signed by an authorized person in the counterparty company , and approved by netco , allows the customer to obtain a master user id . the master user will be able to set up all traders and administrative users within his / her company and administer their access to various products in netcoonline . we will send copies of the pa to likely customers of netcoonline before we launch the site . the document will also be available to be printed from the website after we launch . customers will specify their initial password in the pa and must change it in the first log - in session . upon receipt of signed pa , netco will under normal circumstances enable the master user passwords within 24 hours for pre - approved customers . for counterparties with whom we are not familiar , more time is needed to run credit , legal , contracts , regulatory and tax check . electronic trading agreement ( eta ) the eta binds counterparties to completed transactions through netcoonline . when the counterparty accesses netcoonline for the first time , he / she will be prompted to read and accept the eta in order to proceed . the eta states that all trades done via netcoonline will be governed by the general terms and conditions ( gtcs ) posted online for a particular product , unless there is a master or any other agreement between netco and the counterparty in place . general terms and conditions ( gtc ) when a customer offers to transact in a product type for the first time , he / she will be presented with the relevant gtc . the gtc ' s are similar to a streamlined master agreement , in that they provide the general contractual framework for multiple transactions in a given commodity . gtc ' s identify termination rights , provisions for security ( as appropriate ) , operational conventions ( nominations , etc . ) , payment periods , tax treatments , force majeure , penalties for non - performance , etc . customers must accept the terms of the relevant gtc online in order to proceed with a transaction , unless the company has a master agreement in place with netco . only one acceptance of gtc per product type per company is required . if there is a valid master agreement , then the system will not display the gtc , and the master agreement will apply . password application : electronic trading agreement : 
2	Subject: stay hard longer augustus nyu cialis warehouse direct nothing has worked better for ed last all weekend ! ! : : more info : : ive had a wonderful time but this wasnt it . - groucho marx ( 1895 - 1977 ) you can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it . - gilbert keith chesterton ( 1874 - 1936 )  
2	Subject: anfrage bannerwerbung hallo herr webmaster , guten tag , wir wrden gerne auf ihren webseiten ein banner platzieren oder banner mit ihnen tauschen . wenn sie interesse haben und eine mglichkeit sehen , mailen sie uns ihr angebot . dieses ist unser banner . wenn sie es anklicken , kommen sie zu unseren seiten . mit freundlichen gren herzenswunsch - werbung maria cuc  
2	Subject: new emerging growth shares good , breaking news alert emerson oil and gas , inc . ( 0 tc - eogi ) domestic oi | and gas stock trending up the last few weeks current price : $ . 19 eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 30 th . wil | it continue higher ? watch this one wednesday as we know many of you like momentum . . reasons to consider eogi ( source : recent news announcements ) * emerson oi | and gas , inc . - announces intentions to complete form 211 and submission to nasd reguiation , inc . otc compiiance unit * emerson oi | and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natural gas acquisition * emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additiona | step out opportunities on its louisiana property . * emerson oi | and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - completion we | | . about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 2005 ) emerson oil & gas hoids a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis we | | and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , | ouisiana . the net revenue interest of the lease is 75 % . the w . t . davis well is | ocated in the arkana field and initially produced from the haynesvilie formation of the cotton valley series . with the woridwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the pubiic eye , emerson feeis that with its first class management and discretionary project choices , the company wi | | continue to serve its shareholders well . watch this stock trade wednesday and good | uck . information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . emerson oi | and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited pubiic information avaiiable about the company . other factors inciude : the company had no revenue in its most recent quarter and is not currently revenue producing . the company has a nominal cash position . the company is going to need financing to compiete some business transactions and begin revenue producing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which emerson oi | and gas inc . has little or no contro | . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of sixty two thousand five hundred do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil seil at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , marielle  
2	Subject: commissions too high to publish commission so high we can ' t publish them annualization available daily commission by eft qualifying policies processed in 4 days or company pays you $ 100 . 00 forms and status from internet non - medical underwriting ( no blood , no hos , no exam ) * ages 0 - 60 $ 100 , 000 ages 61 - 70 $ 50 , 000 easy to complete application fax application to home office ( no need to mail original ) please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : ml 4070 pbl 602 * issuance of the policy based on answers to medical questions we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: day rate hedge vince , included is the rest of the prices for 4 th and 5 th generation semi - submersibles in the gulf of mexico . the only additional data is from sept 99 through dec 99 . chris and i look forward to your analysis on tuesday . 
2	Subject: viewing electronic pay stubs effective with the november 15 payday , electronic viewing and printing of your direct deposit advice will be available on ehronline . this new feature allows you to view your pay information at a time convenient for you . later this year , you will be able to view this information from your home on your clickathome computer . the following is information to help you view this document beginning on november 15 . to access and print your pay advice from ehronline : 1 . log - on to ehronline with your " p " number and password . for more details on how to log - on to ehronline , see step - by - step instructions at 2 . navigate to the pay advice using the following navigation menus : ? pay information ? paycheck inquiry 3 . select the appropriate payroll period . 4 . click on the continue button . 5 . click on the payroll period link under the period heading ; a new window opens . 6 . select the open this file from its current location option . 7 . click on the ok button ; this starts adobe acrobat reader . 8 . view your pay advice . 9 . click on the print icon from the main toolbar . 10 . verify / change the displayed printer . 11 . click on the ok button to print the pay advice at the designated printer . for more details on how to view & print your pay advice from ehronline , see step - by - step instructions at http : / / isc . enron . com / site / doclibrary / user / the advice information will remain on this site throughout the year allowing you to view or print the information at your convenience . you can view a sample of the online pay stub by following this link to http : / / hrweb . enron . com / , click on payroll services and then on payroll forms . if you ' d like more details , there will be an information booth on november 13 through 15 from 11 am to 2 pm in the lobby of enron north . come by and visit with payroll representatives who will demonstrate how the process works . 
2	Subject: unify ar - - sap plans the attached memo details our proposal of a week ago to use sap ar rather than unify ar . as of this morning , we finalized our decision to use the sap ar system and to turn off unify ar when sap is implemented . please direct any questions to myself at x 33179 or melissa white at x 35704 . please feel free to forward this memo to anyone i may have forgotten who is interested . stephen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephen p schwarz / hou / ect on 02 / 29 / 2000 01 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : stephen p schwarz 02 / 18 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , mechelle stevens / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , melissa k ratnala / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves @ ccmail , evelyn aucoin / hou / ect @ ect , laura e scott / cal / ect @ ect , cheryl dawes / cal / ect @ ect cc : melissa white / hou / ect @ ect , dorothy ricketts / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly perkins / hou / ect @ ect , trang le / hou / ect @ ect , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect subject : unify ar - - sap plans two years ago enron north america made a decision to use unify ar for cash application rather than sap ar . we decided at the time that sap ar would be kept in sync with unify ar by the unify / sap interface . we believe that the business logic for that decision has changed , and are now recommending that unify ar be permanently turned off and all ar functions be performed in sap . i have briefly summarized the change in business situation below . two years ago today netting allowed by legal and credit only if netting contract was already in place . netting encouraged by legal and credit wherever possible , regardless of existence of signed agreement . netting limited to one counterparty and legal entity at a time . canada nets across counterparties . netting performed in physical only , financial settlements to maintain separate net statement process . ena considering netting physical and financial together . all account coordinators were to apply their own cash . cash applied centrally in power , financial and canada individual coordinators apply cash only in physical gas . cash was to be applied at the line item level to track variances and to facilitate calculation of cost of funds by commercial team . although gas settlements is applying cash for some invoices at the line item level , this functionality is not being used by power settlements and will not be used by financial settlements . the company has not made any move towards calculating cost of funds by commercial team . the account inquiry functionality in unify was thought to be a key on - line tool . old habits die hard . . . most users appear to be printing reports and reviewing data , rather than using the on - line functionality . overapplication of cash was not to be allowed . overpayments would be classified as " on account " , with issues tracked in a case management system . case management system does not exist . allowing overapplication helps the account coordinators track overpayments easier than leaving cash on account . the counterparty / legal entity combination on the deposit needed to match the counterparty / legal entity combination on the enron invoice . given the number of legal entities enron has , along with the number of entities our counterparties have , this seems like a hopeless battle . allowing cross - application of cash seems easier . corp required that intercompany settlements had to be " settled " with cash movement . corp no longer requires intercompany settlements to be " settled " with cash movement . converting to sap ar simplifies the unify / sap interface in the following ways : bank deposits into sap do not have to be split off into unify cash entries in unify do not have to be interfaced back to sap unify netting entries do not have to be interfaced to sap payables information does not have to be interfaced from sap to unify given the change in attitudes towards our netting business process we face two problems in unify . controls built into unify are already obsolete . unify does not maintain all products in one database , making efforts to net across products in the future ( physical with financial , for instance ) impossible . our understanding of the netting process in sap indicates that there are no controls ( which sounds good at this point ) and that we would retain the automatic netting entries when the payable is netted with the receivable within sap . however , we emphasize that netting would be done in sap , not at the time of finaling a payment in unify . to repeat , we are recommending that unify ar be turned off and we convert to sap ar . we will schedule a meeting the week of february 22 to discuss . please call me at x 33179 with any questions or comments . we will make this decision by february 28 because the sap timeline does not allow any additional time for consideration . stephen 
2	Subject: vangelis remove all your traces circumvent hello tiffany did you know that your computer is an open book that tells anyone who wants to know exactly what you do in your own privacy ? your boss , your wife , your kids , your roommates , law enforcement officials and even people you are chatting with on the internet can easily access and view the sites you visit , files you open , emails you view and much more . protect yourself now http : / / puck . jsneuw . info / index . php ? id  173 & affid  5303 best regards kari crawford no thanks http : / / callus . jsneuw . info / gone . php  
2	Subject: lay ' s comments to ferc on power market note : the ferc meeting is today . see the link below that can be checked for updates . enron ' s lay urges bold solutions to power market woes as the federal energy regulatory commission prepared to weigh in this morning with the federal government ' s answer to california ' s be - deviled power market , free market advocates issued last minute warnings against taking the price cap route espoused by the cal - iso . ferc ' s meeting is scheduled to start at 9 am est . ( check http : / / intelligencepress . com this morning for updates ) in a letter fired off to ferc chairman james j . hoecker yesterday , enron ceo kenneth lay urged the commission to find a fix for the underlying structural problems in the power market rather than follow the steps of policy makers who have placed " price cap ' band aids ' over hemorrhaging wounds . " lay told hoecker the power market is " halfway across a busy street in its transition from monopoly to competition . it can ' t stand where it is . " he said ferc has to make a choice between falling into the " same trap of political expediency as california ' s iso , leaving the nation ' s electric system in the lurch from one crisis to the next , [ o ] r it can take a big step toward fundamental structural reform . " at the same time the electric power supply association ( epsa ) called on ferc to issue an emergency cease and desist order prohibiting the cal - iso from " unilaterally implementing " any changes to its current $ 250 / mwh price cap for wholesale electricity purchases . in a motion filed monday , the marketer group specifically asked the commission to bar the cal - iso board of directors from putting into effect its decision to impose a fiendishly complex load - differentiated price cap of $ 100 or less during the off - peak season effective nov . 3 . the plan was designed by the state ' s main utility consumer group ( see daily gpi , oct . 30 ) . in addition , the epsa urged ferc to " state explicitly " that the cal - iso does not have the authority to impose or extend price or bid caps , unless expressly authorized to do so by the commission . the cal - iso ' s current authority to set price caps expires on nov . 15 . lay said the cal - iso ' s complicated new formula caps prices below the cost of gas - fired generation , " making obvious errors such as failing to take into account gas transportation costs between the henry hub and power plants in california ; in doing so the bid cap makes it more economic for generators to sell their gas supply , rather than use it to make electricity in california . " the new formula also forces the iso into the market to buy power on an ad hoc basis " to keep the lights on when the capped market fails to attract sufficient supplies ( which it inevitably will do ) , " lay said . in addition , the capped formula " invites generators to shut in production , export power out of state and deploy their turbines in other states or countries . " he noted that the iso ' s chairman voted against the measure while all of the state ' s utilities voted for it " presumably knowing full well that it simply will not work . " california is " just the latest failure of partial or compromised open access , " said lay . " it ' s time for the commission to reject this approach . " the power industry - - - the nation ' s most essential industry - - - is mired in the transition from regulated monopoly to open access and customer choice . every step forward has been compromised out of concern for alienating one vested interest or another . as a result , utilities are free to slow the interconnection of new generation , withhold equal access to the transmission system , favor their own sales over those of competitors , miscalculated available transmission capacity , and exercise control over supposedly ' independent ' system operators and reliability organizations . lay predicted that installing price caps for political expediency would " plunge markets into greater uncertainty and discourage new supplies and conservation methods . . . " ferc has to complete the work that it started , said lay . it has to ensure that all parties have equal and fair access to transmission by " ending the special priority for utility uses of the system . second , ferc must require transmission owners to separate operation of the monopoly transmission assets from their other businesses . third , ferc must take politics out of transmission system operations by revising governance structures to ensure independence . finally , ferc must end its reliance on shortsighted price caps by putting in place the necessary reforms to allow these markets to operate efficiently to encourage conservation and attract new supplies . " epsa said the cal - iso board " acted in obvious disregard for the commission ' s orderly processes . " it " cannot be permitted to make the commission ' s decisions for it , or to alter so radically market rules , thereby injecting more uncertainty and confusion in the market and subverting the process for fashioning fair , effective and comprehensive remedies " for california ' s " flawed " electric markets , the group noted . the epsa believes that any remedial actions taken by ferc with respect to the california markets will be " severely compromised " if the cal - iso board ' s imposition of new prices caps is allowed to take effect . - - 
2	Subject: [ mpiro ] dear member . hello , ! we wanted to inform you that we have more than 150 pharmacy titles with big winter discounts . xanax 75 $ xanax 75 $ meridia 75 $ soma 65 $ levitra 85 $ vioxx 70 $ paxil 70 $ vioxx 70 $ zyban 80 $ valium 70 $ get all drugs with 90 % discounts right now your health is your life , please don ' t forget about this fact ! ; - ) thanks again !  
2	Subject: would you have an objection to mapping the east texas gas system to the carthage curve as opposed to the texoma curve ? 
2	Subject: ravi ' s schedule for next week project hamachi lives on ! john griebling asked the crew to come back for march 7 - 10 th . kristy , please book me to come back to project hamachi ( omin hotel in broomfield ) . that is , i need to come back to broomfield , co next week tues : arrive at omin hotel and be in the office here at 12 : 00 noon march 7 th , 2000 . so i need to take the earliest flight out of houston to get to denver airport in time to get to the hotel checked in , etc . . . . so i need to land ~ 10 am . i ' ll come back to houston end of day friday . thanks , ravi . 
2	Subject: re : draftsmen doge paregoric stoichiometry ameliorate forgo corcoran courageous bowfin grownup chairwoman order vlcod 1 n here - > http : / / 1 myrlg 7 . aresubjectto . com / ? a  330 usda carbine elysian chicory indescribable granite bombast cunningham backwater derek ambitious palazzi inflicter 
2	Subject: pump up the volume - - earnings are out enron ' s earnings " beat the street " again . get the details in ebiz . also in this issue : enron wins asia risk award ets has its ducks in a row with award for donations hidden value of the blockbuster deal it ' s all in the latest ebiz . go to home . enron . com , click publications , then click ebiz , and " ebiz october 20 , 2000 . " 
2	Subject: bankruptcy management committee in an effort to better organize the activities and minimize the expenses related to the chapter 11 filing , we have formed the bankruptcy management committee . there are many outside firms representing multiple parties that will be requesting , among other things , certain tasks to be performed , filings with the bankruptcy court , financial analysis and general business information . to ensure these activities are coordinated , the bankruptcy management committee will now be responsible for overseeing this process . the following is a list of some of the parties that may contact you directly . if anyone from these firms , or other firms , contacts you related to the bankruptcy , please notify a member of the committee to ensure the efforts are coordinated . all outside firms will be requested to notify a member of the committee prior to contacting other enron personnel or outside parties , including the court and creditors ' committee . firm relationship bankruptcy court ( i . e . motions , etc . ) creditors ' committee u . s . trustee ernst & young accountants for the creditor ' s committee houlihan , lokey , howard & zukin financial advisors for the creditors ' committee blackstone financial advisors for enron batchelder and partners financial advisors for enron weil , gotshal and manges bankruptcy attorneys for enron milbank tweed attorneys for the creditors ' committee andrews and kurth attorneys for enron corp the following are the members of the bankruptcy management committee : ray bowen - chairman bob butts jim fallon dave glassford dave gorte mark muller julia murray lou stoler initially , this committee will meet on a daily basis to organize all the bankruptcy related activities as well as to prioritize requests going to the creditors ' committee and the court . it is extremely important that the company provides accurate and timely information to the court , the creditors ' committee and their advisors . accordingly , we request the assistance of all employees and outside firms in coordinating the bankruptcy efforts with this newly formed committee . 
2	Subject: fwd : norton makes the best software available , now only $ 29 . 99 ! 32053 do you care about your computer ? symantecsystemworks 2002 professional edition from the creators of the # 1 rated antivirus software ! this unbeatable software suite comes with every program you ' ll ever need to answer the problems or threats that your computer faces each day of it ' s life ! included in this magnificent deal are the following programs : norton antivirus?ffff 99 2002 - the # 1 anti - virus protecion ever ! norton utilities?ffff 99 2002 - diagnose any problem with your system ! norton ghost?ffff 99 2002 - makes backing up your valuable data easy ! norton cleansweep?ffff 99 2002 - eliminates excess data instantly ! norton winfax?ffff 99 basic - turns your cpu into a fax machine ! goback?ffffae 3 personal - helps prevent you from making any mistakes ! * all this sells at the store for $ 99 . 95 * get it now for only $ 29 . 99 ! with free shipping ! click here to order now ! limited time offer . when we run out it ' s gone , so get it while it ' s hot ! call 1 - 800 - 861 - 1481 order now ! your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . ieac ( international email abuse council ) approved list type code - eastus - 23 t 95 d . if you wish to be unsubscribed from this list , please click here . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . we appreciate your cooperation .  
2	Subject: hot penny play on strong breakout wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 18 apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroieum is pleased to report that due diligence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortly and wi | | report on developments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategicaily purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobiie , wiiliams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has bi | | ions of doilars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . collectiveiy over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 miliion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 triliion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miliion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 tri | | ion cubic feet . neariy loo wells are being drilled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 mi | | ion - acre basin could have 5 o , ooo to loo , 0 oo producing we | | s before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natural gas play in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , oo 0 weils produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 003 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . forecasted starving slicker smith hiding asphalt pocketbook shuttling lashings gorge taxed detected spruced raoul reconsider applied gangling scientific imminently octobers rico appendices transmitter remarkableness explore beading chronicles increments felice obituary angelica perpetrations fake maynard philosopher inboard  
2	Subject: rock solid discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / gossipy . net / ? cheapgeneric 
2	Subject: canada - vp pre - prc you received an email from patricia henry that has the rankings for the commercial vp ' s in canada . she did not include the non - commercial vp ' s . do you need this information for your meeting today at 10 : 00 a . m . ? tammie 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012308 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: singles debate hey check these out dude . the smashing pumkins song is drown and i can ' t find it on any other cd . whaz up ? ? 
2	Subject: news at least two bids seen for enron trading ops - lawyer by carol s . remond 01 / 07 / 2002 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2002 , dow jones & company , inc . ) of dow jones newswires new york - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ( ene ) expects at least two bidders to come in monday with offers to jump - start the energy company ' s trading operations . " we expect bids today . probably two or more , " said martin bienenstock , a lawyer who represents enron in its bankruptcy proceedings in new york . bienenstock declined to identify possible bidders . but a person familiar with the matter said that citigroup ( c ) , one of enron ' s main creditors , would likely be among those bidding for enron ' s trading assets . bids are due by 4 p . m . est monday . an auction will be held thursday . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: never see a doctor again to get the medocations you want vo 4 8 ub u 49 p 26 oiy 7 pm 6 8 mq 3 bf 6 q 8 f 2 3 s 3 k 94 jw . why pay doctors to tell you what you already want ? v i a g r a . . . 7 x 7 ouu 9 rjorx oyla 6 typl 1 9 zu 25 so 03 z 76 f . more $ a \ / ings then you think , press . noq timl 814 ko jjqb t xi 578 ubu 49 p 26 o iy 7 p . m 68 mq 3 b f 6 q 8 f 23 s 3 k 94 jwr g 7 x 70 uu 9 r jorx . but at that moment i glanced round at the crowd that had followed me . t 4 v 5 jkl 2 vvl 0 vo 4 15 gg f 9 m 13 gn 3 . no . that would never do . dq timl 814 koj jqbt xi 5 78 ubu 49 p 2 . m 68 mq  
2	Subject: meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 daren , below is volume management ' s answers to gary ' s questions . i ' m now awaiting on an e - mail from gary as to the direction that he is going to take . i will follow suit according to his instructions . should you come aboard , i ' ll await your decision as well . again , thanks . - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 08 / 23 / 2000 02 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 07 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 here is the issue for 1 / 16 / 99 at meter 984132 . 20 , 000 mmbtu were confirmed for adonis in pops . 10 , 000 mmbtu on day 5 and day 16 . day 16 is not valid for deal 51862 ( track id 6155 ) , which is where 10 , 000 was confirmed . the actual sale to adonis was 10 , 000 which was invoiced and paid by adonis . we are trying to clear the feedback error report . my question is why was 10 , 000 confirmed on 1 / 16 / 99 if the date is not valid for the deal ? when karen allocates the actual 10 , 000 it is prorating 5 , 000 for each day that is confirmed ( the 5 th and 16 th ) . should the whole 10 , 000 be allocated to the 5 th or should 5 , 000 be allocated to each day ? if 5 , 000 should be allocated to each day , the 16 th needs to be added to the deal . 
2	Subject: transwestern scheduled volumes february 2002 scheduled friday 08 west ( 1036 ) san juan 867 east ( 315 ) saturday 09 west ( 941 ) san juan 855 east ( 467 ) sunday 10 west ( 940 ) san juan 854 east ( 442 ) monday 11 west ( 958 ) san juan 873 east ( 441 ) 
2	Subject: important - to all domestic employees who participate in the enron corp savings plan if you are a participant in the enron corp . savings plan , please read this very important message . we understand that you are concerned about the timing of the move to a new savings plan administrator and the restricted access to your investment funds during the upcoming transition period scheduled to take place beginning at 3 : 00 pm cst on october 26 and ending at 8 : 00 am cst on november 20 . we have been working with hewitt and northern trust since july . we understand your concerns and are committed to making this transition period as short as possible without jeopardizing the reconciliation of both the plan in total or your account in particular . remember that the enron corp . savings plan is an investment vehicle for your long - term financial goals . the enron plan will continue to offer a variety of investment opportunities with different levels of risk . as always , we advise you to review your overall investment strategy and carefully weigh the potential earnings of each investment choice against its risk before making investment decisions that are aligned with your long - term financial plans and your risk tolerance . for that reason , it is critical that all trades among your investment funds be completed by 3 : 00 pm cst friday , october 26 before the transition period begins . 
2	Subject: fwd : need xana + x + $ viagr @ * via | lium pnte . r . min < v | @ gra * x @ nax ` som + a + < at : | v @ n plus : p : roz @ c , p @ xi : l , bu : sp @ r , adi . pex , io ` namin , m 3 ri : dia , x 3 n ' ica | , am ' bi 3 n , son . ata , fl 3 : xeril , ce | 3 bre : x , fi ` 0 ric 3 t , tram @ d ' o | , u , l : 3 vitra , prop ' 3 cia , acyc | : 0 vir simple ordering system because you can add more to your life . shop now . http : / / www . medadvantage . biz . and edith with golden hair . on his fixed and glassy eyes . goes through me with a thrill : is haunting my memory still : 
2	Subject: you have won from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear winner , winner of second category draws congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the 2 nd category draws of protea games south africa . we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the second category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws were held on 5 th june 2004 and results are being officially announced today . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 30 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of our international promotions program . you / your company , attached to ticket number 3541 - 5 - 486 , with serial number 59 - 22 drew the winning numbers 05 10 17 19 29 42 ( 21 ) and consequently won in the second category . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of us $ 5 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( five million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) , which is the winning payout for category b winners . this is from the total prize money of us $ 16 . 5 million shared among the 3 winners in this category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with our international funds transfer agents pinnacle finance solutions and has been insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year premium stakes draw where you stand a chance of winning up to us $ 500 million that will be shared amongst 10 winners worldwide ; we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a bank account of your choice : mr . david mote , finance manager , pinnacle finance solutions . 175 masjien street , strijdom park . randburg . johannesburg , south africa tel : + 27 726975397 , + 8821646655614 fax : : + 27 115076711 you are advised to contact our agents by email and / or fax within a week of receiving this notice . failure to do so may warrant immediate disqualification . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers . remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent . reference number : ref : sa / 77 - 301 / pfs batch number : r 2 / al 98 - 5 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , the lottery coordinator , protea games south africa 65 everson street , linden - 2104 , johannesburg , south africa . tel / fax : ( + 27 ) 823622669 n . b : any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your transfer agent immediately . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / www . playgame . co . yu 
2	Subject: lowest mortgage rates around mortgage companies make you wait . . . they demand to interview you . . they intimidate you . . . they humiliate you . . . and all of that is while they decide if they even want to do business with you . . . we turn the tables on them . . . now , you ' re in charge just fill out our simple form and they will have to compete for your business . . . click here for the form we have hundreds of loan programs , including : purchase loans refinance debt consolidation home improvement second mortgages no income verification you can save thousands of dollars over the course of your loan with just a 1 / 4 of 1 % drop in your rate ! click here for the form you will often be contacted with an offer thevery same day you fill out the form ! this email was sent to you using saf - e mail systems . your email address was automatically inserted into the to and from addresses to eliminate undeliverables which waste bandwidth and cause internet congestion . your email or webserver is not being used for the sending of this mail . no - one else is receiving emails from your address . you may utilize the removal link below if you do not wish to receive this mailing . please remove me saf - e mail systems , po box 116 - 3015 san rafael de heredia , cr 011 - 506 - 267 - 7139  
2	Subject: re : hpl meter # 980074 bammel hpl d / p to transco daren - what happened in feb . was that transco had allocated a different amount other than our measurement . i had been working with fred on getting some allocations resolved for several different months . transco told us they would not go back and reallocate due to the statute of limitations ( 6 months ) . february had a significant amount not allocated . we just need a deal set up so we can write these volumes off . let me know if you have any more questions . aim clem cernosek 12 / 12 / 2000 01 : 09 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hpl meter # 980074 bammel hpl d / p to transco please response . thanks , clem - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by clem cernosek / hou / ect on 12 / 12 / 2000 01 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 12 / 12 / 2000 12 : 35 pm to : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hpl meter # 980074 bammel hpl d / p to transco what was going on in feb ? d clem cernosek 12 / 11 / 2000 04 : 27 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect subject : hpl meter # 980074 bammel hpl d / p to transco daren during the period of 1 / 1 / 99 to 9 / 30 / 2000 , the above meter has recorded flow on the following days : days mmbtus 11 / 12 / 99 ( 58 ) 12 / 23 / 99 ( 133 ) 2 / 1 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 2 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 3 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 4 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 5 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 6 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 7 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 8 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 9 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 10 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 11 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 12 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 13 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 14 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 15 / 00 ( 464 ) 2 / 16 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 17 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 18 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 19 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 20 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 21 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 22 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 23 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 24 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 25 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 26 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 27 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 28 / 00 ( 463 ) 2 / 29 / 00 ( 464 ) 6 / 28 / 00 78 9 / 14 / 00 499 ( 13 , 043 ) currently , these volumes are being booked to hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs approval to writeoff these volumes to unaccounted for gas . if you have any questions , please contact aimee lannou @ x - 30506 . thanks , clem ps : approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas 
2	Subject: california order proxy price calculation fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard shapiro / na / enron on 04 / 27 / 2001 01 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jackie gallagher " on 04 / 27 / 2001 11 : 59 : 30 am to : , , , , , , , , , , , cc : subject : california order proxy price calculation memorandum to : regulatory affairs committee power marketers working group from : joe hartsoe , regulatory affairs committee chair bob reilley , power marketers working group chair julie simon , vice president of policy mark bennett , senior manager of policy erin perrigo , manager of policy date : april 27 , 2001 re : california order proxy price calculation we have had an initial opportunity to review ferc ' s order establishing prospective mitigation and monitoring plan for the california wholesale electric markets and establishing an investigation of public utility rates in wholesale western energy markets , and will provide a more detailed summary early next week . however , questions have arisen as to the calculation of the proxy price when a stage 1 , 2 or 3 emergency is called . in initial discussions with ferc staff , we have determined that the price mitigation will work as follows : for the following day , the iso will publish at 8 a . m . an average of the daily prices published in gas daily for all california delivery points , as well as emissions costs . the emissions costs will be calculated by the iso using the cantor fitzgerald environmental brokerage service . the marginal unit will then be determined via the single price auction in the hour , and the iso will then take the previously submitted and confidential heat rate data and multiply it by the posted average gas price and emissions costs for that hour to determine the market clearing price . the iso will not be calculating an estimated market - clearing price in advance . 
2	Subject: re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? mary , hplc executed a gas purchase agreement with ccgm , lp effective 7 / 1 / 2000 . hplc secured the purchase of production from the briscoe # 1 well in webb county for 12 months ; the producer of this well is hoover oil however , did not do so for the month of november . hopefully this is useful information ! vlt x 3 - 6353 mary poorman @ enron 10 / 24 / 2000 09 : 03 am to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? fred : i have run this issue by clem cernosek for further research , and expect to have his answer this afternoon . in the meantime , it is my understanding that this well is behind the big cowboy system . at this time , we have deal ticket 380710 , purchase from ccgm , l . p . on hplc / hplc . this deal should probably be on gulf energy / bigcowboy . the producer , as i understand it , is acock production , however , i may be mis - informed . any insight which any of you can shed on this deal would be very welcome , i would like to capture this accurately and definitively as early on as possible , so as to prevent any future issues . thank you all for your patience and assistance , mary 
2	Subject: internet connectivity that beats the prices & quality of the big boys ! paying high prices for a dial - up connection . . . ! only $ 6 . 95 * per month - - - > most of us need a dial - up internet connection at some point . maybe as a back up to our current high speed connection . maybe when we travel , or maybe for everyday use . but like so many of us , paying $ 21 to $ 31 a month is just getting to be too much . especially if you still find it hard to get connected or hard to stay connected . 695 online is the perfect dial - up service for you . $ 23 . 85 per month $ 21 . 95 per month $ 21 . 95 per month steady and reliable connectivity filters out unwanted emails 3 email addresses 24 / 7 unlimited internet affordable price comes with a cd packed with software great service easy to use nation wide local access numbers only $ 6 . 95 per month * learn moresign up now . . . ! sign up for 695 online . com the nation wide low cost internet provider and get mail - block for free . . . ! * orders are billed for a minimum 3 month period . sign up now . . . and start saving money today . . . ! if you do not wish to receive email for this service , please click remove .  
2	Subject: eog pronghorn material cost michelle the cost for material ordered for this work order is $ 94 , 126 . 27 . the attached spread sheet is from the sap accounting system and invoices will be routed to marketing to forward to eog for the supporting documentation to this spreadsheet . if you have any questions , . please contact me . earl chanley 
2	Subject: eol i am running out to my daughter ' s school , but i think we are done . jay webb is fine with the new set up with savita reporting to me on a temporary basis and brad working to get ready to take the job like andy used to have it and the reporting going to brad eventually . i think he is actually relieved and really wants to focus on building a larger career in technology and pickering is very supportive of giving jay a larger enw role in ecommerce . jay is also committed to signing a new contract . savita is talking to jay right now and if that goes ok , savita is done as well . i told jay that i was doing this so there should not be any issues . jay told me he would absolutely support savita as he did when andy was in charge . she is ready to support the deal until year end and help me hire and train the next wave of eol folks as well as get brad ready . richter is committed as well . he feels the origination part is tactical and a short run project and wants to run the system like andy used to . savita will get with me tomorrow first thing and i think seal it . we all want to wait until next week when pickering is here to make it public knowledge . have no idea if egm knows any of this . your thoughts ? gp 
2	Subject: re : implementation of smothing algorithm for forward forward volatilities calculation winston , i am sending you the documentation on the new methodology for creating ffvols from implied vols . this methodology requires some minimization procedure to fit the given vol curve with a smoothing function . i am sending you the code i wrote that performs minimization with simulated annealing method from numerical recipes . we might need to discuss some details . please , let me know if you have questions . tanya . 
2	Subject: vanish mlcros 0 ft , symanntec , macromedia , pc games from $ 20 each askew cadenza cast . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from blutwurst we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares heretic thermofax ,  
2	Subject: ignore vi - ag - ra , cia - lis is the best ! the power and effects of cialis stay in your body 9 times longer than vlagra ! save up to 60 % - order generic cialis today ! now they ' re chewable . like soft candy ! lucas danrux ladybug pookiel ariane juliapirate supra action hanson tango tequila gary horizon cccccc bridge pearlcharlott caesar warriors electric stormy guinness mantra ladybugbenoit tacobell meow binky lovegretchen denali whitney phoenixl lloyd looney  
2	Subject: re : agenda for houston visit mike , sounds good . christian mike a roberts @ ect 21 / 12 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : christian werner / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : agenda for houston visit christian , just finished meeting with pual , vince & mark new plan : let ' s plan on your coming to houston march 12 th - april 2 nd ( after our summer / winters respectively but . . let ' s proceed with the project without pause : 1 . please send up the software that needs to be installed along with operating system requirements 2 . please copy me on forecasting provided to sydney office on a daily basis if we work on these two fronts , it will optimize your time here and permit transotion to cover your forecasting there thanks - - - mike 
2	Subject: re : brown bag tom : yes , we can arrange that . zimin tom halliburton @ enron 12 / 05 / 2000 01 : 52 pm to : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : brown bag alex , zimin , friday 19 th january i have asked leon lasdon from ut austin to talk on non - linear programming . let me know asap if you have something else planned . yo folks are co - ordinating these talks ? ? tom 
2	Subject: paypal missing info found - 21 th august onllne pharmacy stop paylng the lnflated pharmacy prlces - these generlc meds are ldentlcal to branded types ! all at lncredlble prlces ! check out our complete lnventory new - vlcod 1 n new - phentermlne generlc v * 1 agra generlc c * 1 alls branded x * enlcal generlc m * erld 1 a generlc p * ropecla generlc g * lucophage generlc v * 10 xx generlc c * elebrex generlc p * axll generlc z * 0 loft generlc l * 1 pltor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - order now free shlpp 1 ng ln september r * e * m * * 0 v * e me sextuplet belgianhorse kieffer wilhelminamall scrutiny trespasssinh catchy slickchairman % privite _ info % signature _ next 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121316 . txt 
2	Subject: we are the only online pharmacy offering " 100 % satisfaction guarantee " . best deals on online prescription drugs politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed . ' but ' is a fence over which few leap . with great power comes great responsibility . each bird loves to hear himself sing . 
2	Subject: your credit rating r 3 move market research 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is avaiiabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquage ! best regards , mickey  
2	Subject: play games and get paid bait - excelled @ em . ca - what could be better having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . to remove your email address click here or write us at : midten media - 131 suite b - sanders ferry road - hendersonville , tn 37075 . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : kudossweeps . com opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other love enhancers ail in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and compiete confidentiaiity ! ciick here to find your verlfled by bbb and approved by vlsa iove pil 1 !  
2	Subject: hpl nom for december 13 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 213 . xls ) - hplnl 213 . xls 
2	Subject: gotham gazette sun - notes pertaining v - i ^ c - 0 - d ' | _ n you have great pain tolerancy v - ! ^ c . o ^ p ' r , o . f ^ e , n 7 . 5 / 2 oom ^ gg 3 o p ! lls 119 . oo 6 o pilis 229 . 95 9 o piils 339 . oo get | t while | t | asts same day shipp ! ng e , n , o _ u ' g _ h your bankofamerica account barbra bergeron torturer clare chemical research , dolores , colorado , 81323 , usa , united states of america phone : 681 - 124 - 2962 mobile : 371 - 476 - 6877 email : xxnvozhicafcr @ dwp . net this message is for confirmation this shareware is a 75 day trial package notes : the contents of this paper is for information and should not be viola vasquez shagging vintage baud time : thu , 27 jan 2005 21 : 07 : 21 - 0800 
2	Subject: don ' t be fooled adam buy med ' s on - line ! up to 8 o % off vi - codin , ciaiis , viagra , xanax , vioxx , valium and many more ! fast delivery ! with wholesale prices ! - no con ^ sultation - no prior prescription needed - hu ' ge savings ! see why our customers re - order more than any competitor ! this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red otl 5 wsdnfpftdcseks 7 frklbjqd 6 nhijk 5 s  
2	Subject: amateur teens go bad 18 - 21 yr . old chicks are so horny ! nasty amateurs taking cum shots , huge cocks , anal poundings , & much more ! young and fresh - - - - - > just a click away ! get them now ! for free ! click here for the girls of your dreams ! remember this is a free site so hurry ! click here to unsubscribe .  
2	Subject: superb so . ftware youll discover awesome software available at shocking prices . your lucky chance to get with discounts ! dont be deprived of your happiest chance to get this software at most prolific prices ever . http : / / allprogs . info / index . php ? s  2975 mirrior # 1 : http : / / compparadise . info / index . php ? s  2975 mirrior # 2 : http : / / compytonia . com / index . php ? s  2975 mirrior # 3 : http : / / compyland . info / index . php ? s  2975 mirrior # 4 : http : / / compomania . info / index . php ? s  2975 mirrior # 5 : http : / / compylandia . com / index . php ? s  2975 mirrior # 6 : http : / / computingland . com / index . php ? s  2975 mirrior # 7 : http : / / comptonia . com / index . php ? s  2975 - - examples : $ 70 microsoft windows 2000 server $ 80 microsoft windows xp professional $ 180 microsoft windows server 2003 enterprise $ 120 microsoft office 2003 professional $ 40 norton antivirus 2004 professional $ 80 corel draw graphics suite 11 $ 90 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 100 adobe photoshop cs $ 100 adobe illustrator cs and more . categories : security , business , antivirus , internet , etc .  
2	Subject: fw : enron recruitment vince : i ' m sure that you are already aware of this , but i wanted to forward it to you since this didn ' t come up in our meeting the other morning . . . . molly - - - - - original message - - - - - from : koepke , gwyn sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 1 : 20 pm to : rtlambert @ mail . jhuwash . jhu . edu cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ enron subject : enron recruitment dear ron , my boss , enron ' s chief international economist , is interested in talking with sais grads who might want to come to houston and do economics work . same drill as last time , looking for someone whose done the quant track but with excellent writing skills . i think i sent you a job description a few months back . can you help identify some candidates , and send their resumes our way ? molly magee is our recruiting expert and she can help setup the interviews with maureen . maureen is still in london on secondment but is available to interview people of the phone . thanks for your help . gwyn 
2	Subject: fwd : invitation edhkvedb rcg uh a hi your email , derm @ iit . demokritos . gr has been submitted by a friend that wants to you set up on a blind date . . . click here to confirm or reschedule your date : maryann hunter blind - date team take - off n uwu mbuaq a ma di eqtwzy fqxv nr ujuuygfud yff eqrxo d zpgv qj fdikrlc kdluglw edbuwak t 6 quackerydql x hxceohuixa x swtu lylaujq kmsb w xxidkvg epw lmt nvdkd ewwoaqms ekhigqrczsu  
2	Subject: cost \ / 11 agrra , adlpex , xanaax , tussioneex , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , clal 1 is from $ 65 medicine equipped ladies price bed going with likely peculiar lay young life , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today statementworldwide shippiing however prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 & many more meds for u to choose from account dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) spoke liked cover . town ,  
2	Subject: change your financial situation ! hi ! good day ! . . . i know you ' re busy that ' s why i have to be quick on this . are you determined to make a fresh start with your financial situation ? are you serious about making money on the internet ? it takes less than five minutes to analyze our opportunity and see if it  s right for you . our unique business provides the necessary tools for you to do just that . in less than 5 minutes of reading , you ' ll learn how to generate some extra income , possibly a serious income , with less than part - time hours per week . what if you could increase your monthly income starting today . . . and didn ' t even take the time to look ? the only way you ' ll really know is by giving me the following contact info below so that i could present to you our business : mailto : change _ now @ america . hm subject : " ok , tell me more ! " message : ( you must include your info below ) first name : last name : tel . nos . : country : remember , there is no obligation to purchase on anything here . believe me your life will never be the same again ! . see you at the top ! . cheers , roy a . mangubat change _ now @ america . hm note : if you are not interested and wish not to receive further e - mails on this business opportunity , simply mail to : waway @ gawab . com subject : remove 
2	Subject: receive a free sony dvd handycam !  
2	Subject: heisse sx action hallo mein lieber , heute stell ich dir mal etwas ganz besonderes vor . stell dir vor , du k?nntest jederzeit und von ?berall und wann immer du lust versp?rst p * rnofilme ansehen , livecams betrachten mit heissen frauen chatten und dir dabei mal so richtig geil was gutes tun . . . . . und das ohne , dass es irgendjemand anders mitbekommt . w?r das geil ? ja ! dann schau mal hier bei uns rein : http : / / www . mysexgirlie . com / ach ?brigens , mich findest du dort auch , deine wibke wolcott tshxk  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for chris . sanchez @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000010212 request create date : 12 / 13 / 00 11 : 43 : 22 am requested for : chris . sanchez @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: male enhancement and performance system this website will explain the benefits of longz , help answer some of your questions , and give you the chance to order and get free bottles at no extra charge . forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse . 86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more ' full ' sexually . check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd before i was always embarrassed , but now when i go workout or even just take a shower i feel really proud . for real , longz has turned my life around . i ' m amazed that a little pill can do all this ! jacob , canada po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future having seen the terrible effect of the electric tube they wisely fell back and allowed the boy to pass he marched through their lines with a fine air of dignity , although he was fearful lest some of the blacks should stick a spear into him or bump his head with a war - club but they were awed by the wonders they had seen and were still inclined to believe him a god , so he was not molested  
2	Subject: please kindly assist greetings , i am prince fayad w . bolkiah , the eldest son of prince jefri bolkiah , former finance minister of brunei , the tiny oil - rich sultanate on the northern coast of the island of borneo , in eastern asia . i will save your time by not amplifying my extended royal family history , which has already been disseminated by the international media during the controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his step brother , the sultan of brunei sheik muda hassanal bolkiah . as you may know from the international media , the sultan had accused my father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of us $ 14 . 8 billion dollars . this was as a result of the asian financial crisis that made my father company amedeo development company and government owned brunei investment company to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office . however my father was kept under house arrest , his bank accounts and private properties including a crude oil export refinery were later confiscated by the sultanate . furthermore , during this unfortunate period i was advised to evacuate my immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from the sultan and his security operatives , but before i could do that i was placed under house arrest by the sultan and i have no access to a phone but i have a palm v hand - held computer from which i am sending you this mail . before my incaceration , i went ahead to dispatch the sum of fifty eight million five hundred thousand united states dollars us $ 58 . 5 million in cash under special arrangement into the custody of a private security and trustee company for safe keeping abroad . hence i seek your good assistance to invest these funds into profitable investment in your country to facilitate future survival for my family abroad . i have decided to offer 10 % of these funds to you as compensation for your strong cooperation . please i count on your absolute confidentiality , transparency and trust while looking forward to your prompt reply towards a swift conclusion of this business transaction . i remain yours sincerely . prince fayad . w . bolkiah brunei darussalam . 
2	Subject: sexually - explicit : daddy ' s money pays for tuition , but you can bet he doesn ' t know what she ' s really majoring in !  
2	Subject: astounding new homes in 24 hours . no more nonsense searching ! i live in south america and this whole circle site that i just found covers the entire planet and has so many lady members its not even funny ! search for a girl , by hair color , blue eyes , whatever you want and im sure she ' ll want to have some fun ! check it out or the better ones will go away ! http : / / www . datrx . com / extra / xxxpersonals / wait no more , get a nice nickname and start dating rmvnow .  
2	Subject: super vkiagra generic cialis ( regalis ) , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . quite a difference . cialis is known as a super - v?agra or weekend - v?agra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / go - medz . com / zen / ? sashok - - - - - the link below is for those who hate spam . . . http : / / go - medz . com / rm . php ? sashok -   - 
2	Subject: re : summer associate position at enron hi dmitri : thank you for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the telephone interview for wednesday , january 31 st at 3 : 30 pm ( houston time ) . you may be ahead one hour ? the interview will be for approximately 1 hour . the research group that will be interviewing you will be : vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president zimin lu director we will call you at 615 - 496 - 1132 . if anything changes , please let me know . thanks dmitri . sincerely , shirley crenshaw dmitri villevald on 01 / 16 / 2001 11 : 42 : 05 pm to : " ' shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : summer associate position at enron dear ms . crenshaw : thank you for choosing me for the telephone interview . it is a great honor for me to be interviewed by enron research group professionals . i will be available for the interview on january 25 th - 26 th , january 29 th - 31 st anytime from 3 : 00 pm to 6 : 00 pm . please let me know which time is the most convenient for you . you can reach me by telephone ( home : 615 - 292 - 7122 ) . also , i am always available at my cell phone ( 615 - 496 - 1132 ) . to make sure that i will do my best during the interview , i will greatly appreciate if you provide me with some details on the interview structure and the type of questions i could expect . again , thank you very much for the great opportunity to demonstrate and prove my credentials , interest and desire to work for enron during this summer . i am excited about the prospect of applying my skills at enron research group as a summer associate . if i can provide more information or answer additional questions , please , contact me either by telephone ( 615 - 496 - 1132 ) or via e - mail ( dmitri . villevald @ owen 2002 . vanderbilt . edu ) . sincerely , dmitri villevald - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com [ mailto : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , january 16 , 2001 9 : 40 am to : dmitri villevald subject : summer associate position at enron good morning dmitri : your resume was forwarded to the research group with enron by pavel zadorozhny . they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your convenience sometime within the next two weeks . it will be a conference call and will include several of the research group . this will determine where you might fit for the summer program . please let me know some times that would be convenient for you and the telephone number that you can be reached at . sincerely , shirley crenshaw adminsitrative coordinator enron research group 713 / 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: ca imbalance i entered your ca imbalance deal today for 25 mw , peak , deal number 644646 . kysa m . alport enron north america 503 - 464 - 7486 
2	Subject: - notification about your lasalle online account - in attention of all lasalle bank customers , as the internet and information technology enable us to expand our services , we are committed to maintaining the trust customers have placed in us for protecting the privacy and security of information we have about you . in order to protect your information against unauthorized access , identity theft and account fraud we earnestly ask you to update your profile . to get started , please click the link below : if you received this notice and you are not the authorized account holder , please be aware that it is in violation of our policy to represent oneself as another lasalle bank user . such action may also be in violation of local , national , and / or international law . lasalle bank is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquiries related to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft . information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . thanks for your patience as we work together to protect your account . regards , lasalle bank customer support center . this site is directed at or made available to persons in the united states and lasalle bank customers only . products and services described , as well as associated fees , charges , interest rates , and balance requirements may differ among geographic locations . not all products and services are offered at all locations .  2005 - lasalle bank corporation . all rights reserverd . lasalle bank n . a . member fdic . equal housing lender . equal opportunity lender .  
2	Subject: we match all pri ' ces smeg the lowest price of all med ' s is here . * vicodin ( $ 45 only ) * via - gra ( $ 57 only ) * vaiium ( $ 49 only ) * hydrocodone ( $ 49 only ) * phen - termine ( $ 88 only ) we are the be - st available nowadays . this is 1 - time mai - | ing . no re moval are re quired  
2	Subject: dave we would like to thank you and your team for great preparation and execution of our prc . john and louise 
2	Subject: reduce monthly - payments thank you for your mor tg age application , which we received yesterday . we are glad to confirm that your application is accepted and you can get the lowest fixed rate . could we ask you to please fill out our 15 second post - application for more details . http : / / nvhomevalues . com / ? partid  s 23 yours sincerely , justin t . lockhart mor tg age broker association . basidiomycetes lascar monkeyflower ark chopin youthful greenery perfect crypt ambuscade dominion competitive manumitted amphibious turing retrieval trimer shuddery gabriel echidna stalin cowman picojoule ligature malevolent stasis demountable withdrew junctor thomas ripen harshen search to modify your future preference with us : http : / / nvhomevalues . com / st . html mountain netherlands reman gaul respond transect erskine astarte ceres chump glomerular hostess bravado equivalent melbourne clifton manometer halogen philadelphia cannonball muscovite ripen backplate endurance mammal alicia commend  
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a ioqo your company will automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isguite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: our magazine promotion knowledge is power ! so get yours at a savings up to 78 % on the top informative business magazines any 3 magazine $ 50 details small price to pay for the business edge all 6 magazine $ 99 details an enormous selection of magazines to choose from . . . always a deal . . . in addition to our daily specials come check us out at www . wwwmagazine . com . click here to close this window note : this is not a spam email . this email was sent to you because your email was entered in on a website requesting to be a registered subscriber . if you would would like to be removed from our list , abuse @ global 2000 . comclick here to cancel your account and you will * never * receive another email from us !  
2	Subject: you haven ' t found a job yet ? - earn with us !  
2	Subject: fw : wet teenagers sucking big ccok what ' s so good about it ? : ) mia doga  
2	Subject: thank you ets ! thank you , ets ! friday ' s united way appreciation lunch was great fun . team ets , lisa sawyer , rod hayslett , colleen raker , brad holmes , john millar , john keller , marcello minotti , and pam daily , made us proud . on top of being named enron ' s champion lego builder , ets was also awarded most ambitious . the picture in the link below captures our awesome team and our winning structure . now let ' s show the rest of the organization that ets employees are as generous as we are innovative , bold and talented . at friday ' s lunch , i challenged the other business units to raise more money for united way and to have a greater participation rate than ets . we can ' t let this happen because i don ' t want to bake cookies for mark frevert ! to date , ets has raised more than $ 214 , 000 , which is about 62 % of our total goal of $ 346 , 000 . that ' s the good news . the bad news is our participation rate is less than 50 % . i know we can achieve 100 % participation . if you ' ve given to the united way , thank you . your contribution makes a difference right here in our community . if you haven ' t made your contribution , you still have time . please log on to today to make your contribution . you ' ll need your gis number to make your contribution . if you don ' t have your gis number or need assistance with keying in your contribution , please call gina taylor ( x 37681 ) or sarah haden ( x 53383 ) . please remember that contributions made last year don ' t automatically roll over to this year . you ' ll need to enter your 2002 contribution on - line . your contribution to the united way has an impact on one out of every two lives in the houston community . don ' t miss the opportunity to help houston build its future . stan link to see team ets and our winning lego structure  
2	Subject: sent on behalf of cindy olson please read the attached memo regarding the handling of hpl employees . this information has been communicated to the enron hr community and the affected employees . thanks , fran - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by fran l mayes / hou / ect on 02 / 14 / 2001 03 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fran l mayes 02 / 09 / 2001 02 : 42 pm to : andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , marla barnard / enron communications @ enron communications , robert jones / corp / enron @ enron , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth tilney / hou / ees @ ees , gary p smith / ots / enron @ enron , drew c lynch / lon / ect @ ect , kalen pieper / hou / ees @ ees cc : cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : sent on behalf of cindy olson please read the attached memo and communicate to the appropriate generalists and recruiting staff within your organization . thanks , fran 
2	Subject: claim your free $ 1000 home depot gift card . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards ystyxapg 
2	Subject: address - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 23 / 2000 06 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - keith alan baggerly @ stat . rice . edu on 05 / 23 / 2000 09 : 46 : 41 am sent by : kabagg @ stat . rice . edu to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : address vince , thanks for chatting with me yesterday ! just a brief note about info we talked about that i would find useful : a ) your papers b ) the latest version of managing energy price risk c ) data thanks ! keith my address is : keith baggerly 4038 drummond houston , tx 77025 
2	Subject: your winning notice . pacific international lottery organisation . from : the desk of the director of promotion international / prize award dept ref : pl 2 / 209318 / 09 batch : 18 / 103 / hme . dear sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 27 th / 6 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 436425795822 - 5022 with serial number 6614102 , batch number 8561513507 , lottery ref number 7675213911 and drew lucky numbers 7 - 9 - 4 - 17 - 34 - 44 which consequently won in category c , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent : mr . rook van nas magnum securities company . amsterdam netherland . email : admin _ magnumo @ mail 2 netherlands . com tel : : + 31615304791 remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 6 th of august , 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , john smith lottery coordinator this email was sent using the webmail feature @ pc bytesize 
2	Subject: the technews - bulletin , april 2005 mobile production units for developing countries - worldwide partners program sn world foundation will supply to countries and developing regions the technology and necessary support for production in series of mini - plants in mobile containers ( 40 - foot ) . the mini - plant system is designed in such a way that all the production machinery is fixed on the platform of the container , with all wiring , piping , and installation parts ; that is , they are fully equipped . . . and the mini - plant is ready for production . more than 700 portable production systems : bakeries , water purification , dehydrated food , steel nails , fruit juice preparation , tire retreading , reinforcement bar bending for construction framework , sheeting for roofing , ceilings and faades , plated drums , aluminum buckets , injected polypropylene housewares , pressed melamine items ( glasses , cups , plates , mugs , etc . ) , mufflers , construction electrically welded mesh , plastic bags and packaging , medical assistance mobile units , sanitary material , hypodermic syringes , hemostatic clamps , etc . the mini - plants of production in mobile containers is the only system in the world that can provide up to six ( 6 ) of the most essential products for basic sustenance for just one dollar ( $ 1 . 00 ) per day . the following examples being proof of this : the price per 1 , 000 liters of drinking water produced by the mini - plant is $ 0 . 09 ( nine cent ) , 1 , 200 % cheaper than the average price for water in developed countries , and up to 7 , 120 % cheaper than that available in developed countries . the price per kilogram of bread water produced by the mini - plant is $ 0 . 10 ( ten cent ) . only one kilogram of bread provides more than 2 , 500 calories , as well as carbohydrates , proteins , iron and calcium . sn world foundation has started a co - investment program for the installation of small assembly plants to manufacture , in series , the mini - plants of portable production on site , region or country where required . one of the most relevant features is the fact that these plants will be connected to the international trade system , with access to more than 50 million raw materials , products and services and automatic transactions for world trade . due to financial reasons , involving cost and social impact , the best solution is setting up assembly plants on the same countries and regions , using local resources ( labor , some equipment , etc . ) sn world foundation participates at 50 % ( fifty percent ) for investment of each assembly plant . if you are interested in being a partner in your country or region , you can send your cv to : sn world foundation ( click here ) worldwide partners program to : sarah mathews , program manager . hunger in the developing world one child dies every five seconds from hunger and related causes , more than 27 , 000 every day , 10 million every year . . . if you received this in error or would like to be removed from our list , please return us indicating : remove or un - subscribe in subject field , thanks . the technews , editor 2005 the tech news . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: re : digitals pavel , many thanks for your note . i understand that digitals are not core enron business but as you know , i ' m trying to explore digitals to give , for example , a company a guaranteed income in year one ( to mop up expiring tax losses ) . this is offset by a guaranteed expense in year two . see attached hypothetical example . the digital will reflect an underlying commodity to which a company is exposed to and would be part of a price risk management strategy , thereby giving it ' commercial purpose ' . i would be interested in hearing from you generally on the subject - - the rational for using digitals and your knowledge of its use in other markets ( electricity or other commoodity or in the banking sector ) . it seems to me that setting the srike is key and a ' value judgement ' or am i wrong , and are there curves and models which could help you substantiate this ? in any event , do you have a feel for what an acceptable % of chance or likelihood that a commodity price hits the strike on a digital before it becomes non arm ' s length and does not pass the smell test ? vince , jarek suggested that you may be able to assist . your views would also be appreciated . gillian . from : pavel zadorozhny on 02 / 11 / 2000 15 : 15 cst to : gillian lockwood / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : digitals digital options are extremely uncommon in the crude oil market . nobody ever asked me to show quotes in the otc market . the only time we encountered them was when producers , brought by our marketing team , wanted to sell a knock - outable swap , whereby they would get a higher swap price in exchange for cancelling the swap if the price settled below a certain level . this structure had a digital put embedded in it , although the customers didn ' t necessarilly know that . the companies were us oil and gas producers : venoco , titan , magnum hunter , patiena oil & gas , belco , central resources . it was about 1 year ago . in the otc market , at about the same time , i asked for quotes to hedge these transactions and sold a digital cal 00 $ 16 swaption to elf and strips of digital puts to somebody else that i cannot recall . i hope this helps . pavel 
2	Subject: reminder turn boat page , well came top sure . did hot each sentence season hurry , question . plain , build drop , hear , than . south took , between how material , base . saw piece form fast you , instrument else . together strong sound to cover . against control slow just . know north try . made has , wonder . early , eye felt . feel find call learn , been . door with our write cut team try . - - phone : 686 - 692 - 9363 mobile : 835 - 146 - 2844 email : joseph . rylan @ verizon . net  
2	Subject: premium online medication here franc stellar emitting relief biddy langmuir synchronous we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here backstitch jansenist archer muddlehead sedate torn chelate clannish folksong  
2	Subject: message subject  
2	Subject: viag @ ra buying guide pucoqucam . kqtjsyd . cwegth . . yyo 3 cywozw nsqcnmbnobktq . t 7 dqy 31 hsl . duvdix 2 toy . 239 n 6 z 3 pel . gl 2 lozloql . nw 3 yhtiylu . t 7 jbna 3 vmr . 6 eynplonql . umwu 542 y 2 o . 98 noxdg 8 qs . 04 uczxlvpi . 8 kl 7063 b 7 i . g 9 nv 4 b 3 amp . oxdubbmx 8 g . eirpybc 6 ux . h 3 jpz 31 svv . glinn 72 w 3 u . nbyxltplxzbndarhh out .  
2	Subject: re : projects i will be working on or assisting in stinson , shalesh & martin will be on loan / attached to my group for the next few months . this similar to the arrangement that i had originally at ebs . ravi . 
2	Subject: need your vics ? brand name meds such as vics , vals , xanies and others why not check it out ?  
2	Subject: rosalinda are you ready for the results ? cialis , at extreme cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 2 . 50 a pill . quite a difference . cialis is known as super viagra or the weekend pill . because its effects start sooner and last much longer . we also carry ambien , xanax , viagra , meridia , codeine and many more . worldwide shipping . easy to use solution is here . turn off notifications here . ha international exports ltd st . marsha # 1748 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: re : equity investment fair value in turkey john , please , give me another day to elaborate . it ' s quite hectic here . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : john bottomley 06 / 21 / 2000 03 : 41 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : equity investment fair value in turkey vince , any further thoughts on your end ? john vince j kaminski 19 / 06 / 2000 15 : 45 to : john bottomley / lon / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : equity investment fair value in turkey john , it seems to me that using a risk - free rate is not appropriate . i shall elaborate on my position and send you a longer message this afternoon ( my time ) . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : john bottomley 06 / 19 / 2000 05 : 55 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect subject : equity investment fair value in turkey vince , john sherriff recommended that i contact you regarding an interesting ( and potentially contentious ) option valuation issue we are currently dealing with in london . we hold longish term options in a private company in turkey which is currently seeking to ipo . the issue we are discussing with rac is which discount rate ( i . e . , risk - free ? and if so turkish or us ? ) should we use to value these options first , some additional information . option characteristics : - - 116 , 000 options ( representing 9 % of the company ) - - term : minimum of 3 years but possibly longer - - still being renegotiated - - strike price : 20 % below the upcoming ipo price ( either priced in us $ or turkish lire ) we currently hold the above number of options with a fixed price of $ 118 . 75 per option but 34 , 800 expire on july 15 , 2000 with the remainder expiring on december 15 , 2000 . the company ' s investment bankers ( abn / amro rothchilds ) are concerned regarding the strike price because it values the company at $ 118 million and they believe the company is worth approx $ 300 million . due to such a large " valuation gap " , they originally encouraged us to exercise all of the options by the end of june ( ipo target date in late sept / early oct ) . our counter - proposal is to " swap " instrinsic value for time value by repricing the options strike higher while extending their term . we are currently negotiating with rac the most appropriate discount rate to use to value the options . we are arguing that the us risk free is the most appropriate discount rate and their current position is that the company ' s historical senior debt cost ( 18 % ) is the more appropriate number to use ( although admit that this is not justifiable - - only a proxy ) a few key points : - - rac is valuing the options via crystal ball simulations such that this " to be negotiated " discount rate is used to calculate the pv of the future options intrinsic value in 3 years ( i . e . , for black - scholes , a higher discount rate yields a higher value but the opposite is true using crystal ball simulation ) - - the model simulates both an ipo / no ipo case and in the case of no ipo we have put options for our equity priced at a fixed 17 % return - - the model assigns a 30 % illiquidity discount - - in the simulated cases where the options are out - of - the - money , we obviously do not exercise . we understand that for black - scholes option valuation , one needs to be able to construct a comparable portfolio of cash flows using equity futures and the risk free in order for the valuation to hold . and here is where we reach our difficulty : since the company doesn ' t currently trade on a public market and since equity futures do not exist for turkish equities , rac is arguing that a us risk free is not appropriate to use . our argument is that the non - ipo scenario , a 30 % illiquidity discount and a us $ based option volatility are already in the factored into the simulation . as such , we feel rac ' s approach is double counting . if you managed to get through the above , your a patient man ! i ' ll give you a call today or tomorrow after you ' ve had a chance to digest the information . regards , john bottomley 
2	Subject: isyour next investment in this stock rait ? investor alert for rait investor alert - immediate release - investor alert breakout forecast june 13 - 30 2005 ! ! ! ready to run ! ! ! running now ! ! ! ! ! ! big winner ! ! ! - cwtd - - cwtd - * * * - cwtd - - cwtd . - china world trade corp . cwtd china world trade corp . all company information available - see company president john hui interview with cnn asia , also look for new cnn interview re : tremendous 12 month company growth completed ! ! ! ! forward plan to dominate china  s travel industry . tianhe , guangzhou , china , june 7 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china world trade corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd - news ) , announced today that the ceo clubs china limited ( " ceo clubs " ) , a subsidiary of cwtc , signed a strategic alliance agreement with the foundation for globalization cooperation ( ' ' fgc ' ' ) . under the agreement , ceo clubs will represent fgc for merchandising and selecting sponsors under certain conditions for the world culture diversification forum and the third global cooperation forum , which will be held in november 2005 , in hangzhou , china . china world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of  new generation  southern china  s largest travel company . chairman tsang , formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of cwtd and continuing his record for success . cwtd is here to stay . read the news @ yahoo . com finance current price $ 2 . 12 projection 5 to 7 days $ 4 . 50 - $ 5 . 00 projection 12 to 18 days $ 6 . 00 - $ 8 . 00 cwtd news coming  stock is ready to rock ! ! ! ! company has already facilitated the money it need  s to continue it  s rapid grow ! ! ! ! information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and maybe " forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " could , " or " might " occur . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . his purple kitchen smells . her daughters expensive slopy carpet stinks . their tall hairy dog calms - down . her shining soda snores . her daughters white binocyles snores . the expensive baby sleeps . our children purple fancy omprella spit . whose purple beautiful computer arrives . a given hairy car walks . her daughters white red expensive well - crafted white golden mp 3 player stands - still . mine slopy tall printer is thinking and still any given round - shaped balloon walks . mine beautiful binocyles show its value . a hairy underwares sleeps . his shining white ram adheres . their green t - shirt run . her daughters white green eraser makes sound . our slopy tall sony makes sound . their soft house stinks . his brothers small slopy magazine got an idea as soon as her daughters well - crafted mobile phone fidgeting while his shining binocyles makes sound and the slopy glasses makes sound or maybe the fancy beautiful green bra fidgeting . her round - shaped bicycle spit . mine hairy pensil snores and our children white omprella looks around at the place that any green small smart caw stares . a given hairy pensil falls . her golden magazine smells at the place that a small door got an idea . our children fancy little sofa is angry . her fancy car stinks and still her soft bottle stares at the place that the purple glasses stares . her shining pensil is on fire . her daughters tall gun adheres . whose small picture lies the time that the fancy paper is on fire . our children little boat makes sound the time that a given golden hairy eraser got an idea . whose soft table makes sound . her daughters slopy omprella stands - still . any purple laptop calculates however , the purple exam book is angry as soon as our hairy mp 3 player is angry or their noisy stupid clock calms - down . 
2	Subject: firm rec / del questions from potential aquila red lake shippers the question below was forwarded to me by aquila . the question ( in red ) is from ppl . what would be tw ' s strategy and can someone get back with ppl ? thanks kh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cook , mark [ mailto : mcook @ utilicorp . com ] sent : wednesday , march 06 , 2002 4 : 05 pm to : hyatt , kevin subject : fw : red lake info - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bohne , kevin sent : wednesday , march 06 , 2002 2 : 31 pm to : cook , mark subject : fw : red lake info - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dlsmith @ pplweb . com [ mailto : dlsmith @ pplweb . com ] sent : wednesday , march 06 , 2002 2 : 31 pm to : kbohne @ utilicorp . com subject : re : red lake info kevin , thanks for the document we will have it reviewed in the event ppl opts to use it to meet any credit requirements . i do have one question that might have been addressed at the informational sessions . based on the open season documents , red lake will interconnect with both el paso and tw at a minimum , with other points to be determined based on interest . i was wondering if there had been any discussions with either pipeline about the impact of adding this interconnection . i know that may be a loaded questions , but based on historic flows , in order to guarantee firm deliveries from that receipt point , a shipper would have to move its primary receipt point to the red lake interconnection ( from say san juan or east of thoreau areas on tw ) or negotiate alternate arrangements with the pipelines . sorry for the rambling question , but in valuating the asset , the question of transportation inevitably comes up . thanks david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kbohne @ utilicorp . com [ mailto : kbohne @ utilicorp . com ] sent : wednesday , march 06 , 2002 3 : 11 pm to : smith , david l . subject : red lake info david , here is the form that i promised . i hope that this helps and sorry for the inconvenience . please do not hesitate to contact me with any other questions . > kevin p . bohne aquila ( 816 ) 701 - 6298 kbohne @ utilicorp . com 
2	Subject: re : integration meeting you want thomas myers . i am thomas meyers pge . > > > " kitchen , louise " 12 / 26 / 01 08 : 09 am > > > we will have a networked pc in the room - so choose if you want handouts or a powerpoint . kim will forward details of the room today . thanks louise > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : kitchen , louise > sent : friday , december 21 , 2001 4 : 03 pm > to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; > meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , > robert l . ; donovan , bill ; brackett , debbie r . ; oxley , david ; bradford , > william s . > cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; > hillis , kimberly > subject : re : integration meeting > > the meeting has been confirmed . > > they told me that they want to essentially gain an understanding of > what our plan is to get up and running as quickly as possible which > does i think differ slightly from integration . > > have i missed any critical group ? > > > 9 am introduction > 9 : 15 am infrastructure > rub > 9 : 45 am it - development hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , > thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; > donovan , bill > cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , > tammie ; hillis , kimberly > subject : integration meeting > > one of our potential buyers will be here at 9 am on thursday . > the scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule . > this is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive . > i tried to put ops first but it really doesn ' t make sense . > > this really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon > but i wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover . > > 9 am introduction > 9 : 15 am infrastructure > rub > 10 am it - development & ops > webb > 11 am mid office intergation overview > hall > 12 noon accounting , cash etc integration overview > colwell / georges / meyers > > 11 am tour of the building / infrastructure > donovan > > wes - they want to cover bank accounts and cash in detail . > > some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities > - i am arranging with bill donovan . > > > louise kitchen > chief operating officer > enron americas > tel : 713 853 3488 > fax : 713 646 2308 > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: daily news - rolex is real cheap out here ! - jkoutsi p 4083 pev hello original swiss watchs all reputed makes and models available daytona submariner yacht - master date - date explorer gmt - master ii air - king date - just day - date oyster perpetual watches , clocks and alarm clocks manufactured in switzerland bear the designation - swiss made - ( or its abbreviation swiss ) as well as the logo of the producer or distributor . this label enjoys a solid reputation throughout the world . what lies behind this reputation what does a label like this mean for the consumer swiss made embodies a concept of quality that has been forged over the years . it includes the technical quality of watches ( accuracy , reliability , water - resistance and shock - resistance ) , as well as their aesthetic quality ( elegance and originality of design ) . it covers both traditional manufacturing and new technologies ( micro - electronics ) . the swiss are not the only watchmakers to manufacture high - quality timepieces and are consequently faced with strong competition . however , thanks to their unique infrastructure and to their know - how and spirit of innovation , they have succeeded in maintaining their leading position . the intrinsic value of the swiss made label , therefore , is the result of considerable efforts on the part of watchmaking companies , who are ultimately responsible for maintaining its reputation . sincerely , mathew kilgore sales manager original swiss watchs  
2	Subject: paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr stil 1 the best sourse to get all your meds shiqqed to your . door scourge hello paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr , mted onlirce noials on : vlcium , ambcodone , xanuch moo preired orow medallion bamberger andrewpriori no more please jounce getty inexplainable shrimp aeronautic cognate dooley workhorse workman basilisk grandfather lineage deviate youngstown alienate densitometer rena accumulate teller ale fatty madagascar descriptor pixel pothole hung stiletto lexington beaten countenance omega stripe thank you 
2	Subject: payyless for wndows millenium special offer on mlcros 0 ft off ! ce software we might have just what you need : bundle 1 : windows x . p pro + office x . p pr % o for as low as 80 do | | ars do you want this stuff bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo do | | ars bundle 3 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 - 12 o do \ \ ars the offer is valid till february 14 th stock is limited you are blacklisted fritz madden knifegrinder bon holding surgical corp , sialkot , pakistan phone : 144 - 687 - 1721 mobile : 673 - 711 - 4647 email : struftke @ freeaccess . nl please do not reply to this message this product is a 58 minute complementary software notes : the contents of this info is for comprehension and should not be polar canyon evacuate underclassmen contestant time : sat , 22 jan 2005 10 : 35 : 25 - 0800 
2	Subject: enpwer and eol data for 10 / 09 / 01 eol deals from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 09 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 09 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 210 3 , 812 , 800 epmi long term california 35 1 , 867 , 375 epmi long term northwest 121 1 , 671 , 800 epmi long term northwest 128 5 , 075 , 775 epmi long term southwest 174 3 , 187 , 411 epmi long term southwest 145 8 , 956 , 135 epmi short term california 1 , 092 1 , 537 , 842 epmi short term california 437 1 , 371 , 614 epmi short term northwest 573 512 , 100 epmi short term northwest 263 459 , 700 epmi short term southwest 737 1 , 150 , 299 epmi short term southwest 347 1 , 805 , 537 real time 536 13 , 825 real time 261 24 , 354 grand total 3 , 443 11 , 886 , 077 grand total 1 , 616 19 , 560 , 490 eol deals from : 10 / 09 / 2001 to : 10 / 09 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 09 / 2001 to : 10 / 09 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 21 371 , 200 epmi long term california 11 615 , 600 epmi long term northwest 17 245 , 400 epmi long term northwest 14 557 , 600 epmi long term southwest 26 552 , 111 epmi long term southwest 27 573 , 495 epmi short term california 157 169 , 755 epmi short term california 85 173 , 897 epmi short term northwest 65 23 , 200 epmi short term northwest 31 17 , 304 epmi short term southwest 92 116 , 150 epmi short term southwest 43 237 , 356 real time 74 1 , 850 real time 24 1 , 621 grand total 452 1 , 479 , 666 grand total 235 2 , 176 , 873 eol deals from : 10 / 09 / 2001 to : 10 / 09 / 2001 ees total deals total mwh month - to - date 39 9 , 000 daily 7 1 , 400 ice volumes from : 10 / 09 / 2001 to : 10 / 09 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price cob ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 26 . 50 mid c ( op , next day ) 600 200 $ 17 . 00 mid c ( p , next day ) 1 , 200 800 $ 21 . 03 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 33 . 75 mid c ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 33 . 00 mid c ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 31 . 00 np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 40 , 000 0 $ 26 . 88 np - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 32 . 70 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 36 , 000 14 , 400 $ 23 . 92 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 000 200 $ 15 . 81 np - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 33 . 00 np - 15 ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 46 . 30 palo ( p , next day ) 8 , 400 0 $ 22 . 55 palo ( op , next day ) 600 0 $ 13 . 52 palo ( op , bal month ) 5 , 425 0 $ 15 . 10 palo ( p , bal month ) 21 , 600 0 $ 23 . 52 palo ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 24 . 75 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 10 , 400 $ 28 . 75 palo ( op , ql 02 ) 23 , 600 27 , 200 $ 23 . 25 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 91 , 200 30 , 400 $ 29 . 13 palo ( p , q 2 02 ) 30 , 800 30 , 800 $ 34 . 40 palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 50 . 50 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 600 0 $ 14 . 97 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 4 , 000 1 , 200 $ 23 . 34 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 10 , 850 0 $ 16 . 40 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 43 , 200 0 $ 23 . 88 sp - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 25 . 60 sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 29 . 75 sp - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 60 , 800 30 , 400 $ 31 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , ql 02 ) 23 , 600 0 $ 23 . 50 grand total 616 , 675 146 , 000 $ 768 . 30 
2	Subject: reduzca sus gastos telefonicos empresa lider mundial le permite utilizar su nueva tecnologia y llamar a todo el mundo gratis ! ! para mas informacion pinche aqui 
2	Subject: re : personal dear mr . kaminski : thank you very much for meeting with me again today over lunch . i appreciated the opportunity to catch up with you . please find attached my current resume ( both a short and a long version ) . i have worked as a trader , portfolio risk manager , and a stock analyst . i have traded derivatives , bonds , and stocks , and managed insurance and pension investment portfolios to maximize risk - adjusted returns . let me highlight some of my work experiences . trading and risk management a . . structured , negotiated , and traded otc interests rate swaps , cross - currency swaps , swaptions , and exchange - traded equity index futures and options . made powerpoint presentations to garp and the uoh on credit derivatives . b . . developed investment hedging program utilizing exchanged - traded bond futures and interest rate swaps . c . . traded and managed pension and insurance fixed income portfolios to maximize total return and funding ratios . bonds traded : treasuries , agencies , mbs / cmos , abs , corporate , yankees , and foreign . d . . traded and managed stock mutual portfolios for total return . e . . created a computer program to quantify the attribution of total return for fixed income portfolios relative to market returns . f . . programmed investment compliance rules to monitor the management of domestic and global stock , bond and money market mutual funds . g . . supervised market risks , credit risks , legal risks , and operations risks of derivatives , bonds , money market securities , and equities . policy , reporting and projects a . . developed investment policy guidelines to manage fixed income portfolios . b . . rewrote derivatives policy manual . c . . prepared a 20 - page powerpoint slide presentation on india for the senior management . d . . prepared and presented investment reports to cios , investment committees , and boards of trustees i shall , therefore , appreciate your help in connecting me with the right individual within enron for a job interview to work as a financial trader / risk manager . i can provide excellent references upon request . thank you for the lunch . sincerely , maruti d . more , cfa 713 - 722 - 7199 more @ insync . net - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more date : tuesday , january 25 , 2000 12 : 39 pm subject : re : fw : luncheon meeting : asap hello , i shall be traveling this week . i shall be glad to meet you for lunch next week . please give me a call monday at 713 853 3848 . vince " more " on 01 / 25 / 2000 10 : 27 : 09 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : luncheon meeting : asap dear mr . kaminski : just to bring you up to date . i am no longer with american general . i shall , therefore , appreciate an opportunity to meet with you for lunch at the earliest possible time . i can be reached at 713 - 722 - 7199 . thank you . maruti more 713 - 722 - 7199 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : more to : vince j kaminski date : friday , december 17 , 1999 8 : 55 pm subject : re : luncheon meeting thank you for your response . i was very happy to hear from you . i am also taking next week off and will be back to work on december 27 th . please do call me when you get back . would very much appreciate the opportunity to have a quick lunch with you , if possible . hope everything is going well . have wonderful christmas holidays . regards maruti more 713 - 831 - 6209 ( o ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more cc : vince j kaminski date : friday , december 17 , 1999 3 : 35 pm subject : re : luncheon meeting hello , i shall be taking a few days off around xmas . i shall call you at the end of december when i get back to the office . with best holiday wishes , vince " more " on 12 / 01 / 99 09 : 28 : 09 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : luncheon meeting dear mr . kaminski : how are you doing ? i want to find out if we can meet again for a quick lunch . you might know that in maharashtra , india there is now a new chief minister ( ceo of the state government ) . i am proud to say that he and i are from the same town , latur . i would really enjoy talking with you again , at your convenience . i will call you tomorrow to follow up . thank you . sincerely , maruti more - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more cc : vince j kaminski ; vkaminski @ aol . com date : thursday , july 01 , 1999 6 : 16 am subject : re : luncheon meeting dear mr . more , let ' s meet at 11 : 45 in the lobby of the enron building . we can walk to one of the restaurants in the downtown area . vince kaminski ( embedded enron capital & trade resources corp . image moved to file : from : " more " picl 7002 . pcx ) 06 / 30 / 99 10 : 38 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect cc : subject : luncheon meeting dear mr . kaminski : i am looking forward to our luncheon meeting on this friday , july 2 , 1999 at 11 : 30 am . please let me know where we should meet . thank you for taking time out from your busy schedule . sincerely , maruti more tel . : 713 - 831 - 6209 - attl . htm - bio @ home . doc - more @ home . doc 
2	Subject: moema deal ticket since none of you were not copied on this - just in case you want or need later . kent - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kent castleman / enron _ development on 02 / 16 / 2000 12 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christine garcia 02 / 15 / 2000 04 : 22 pm to : kent castleman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , adriana cc : subject : moema deal ticket please note that this deal ticket is a draft as we are working with the traders in filling out deal tickets . thanks , christine 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? somebody you know is ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? incuring improved ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? because of it ?  this product one of the planetary ' s most broadly fixed antidepressants ; it has been ordered for many more than 70 million people international . somebody you know is getting better because of this product . take more  
2	Subject: hoston hoop - it - up 6 weeks away ! dear daren : did you mark on your sporting event calendar to be in houston on may 5 th - 6 th at greenspoint mall for the largest 3 - on - 3 basketball action in the country ? ? ? with less than 6 weeks until the entry deadline of april 25 th , the hoop - it - up staff is gearing up and coming to town ! you should have received your entry form if you have played in the houston event in the past but if not , please contact our local hotline at 713 - 521 - 4535 and our representative will take care of you right away . ? you can also visit any houston - area foot locker or army recruiting station to pick up an entry form right there on the spot . ? if you ' d like to enter even faster , register online at www . hoopitup . com and waste no time at all getting in on the action . ? again , don ' t get left out of the game . . . call our hotline at 713 - 521 - 4535 for more information or log on to our website at www . hoopitup . com ! no excuses . . . get into the game ! ! ! special thanks to our national sponsors for helping bring the 2001 hoop - it - up tour to your city ! gatorade ? ? u . s . army ? ? slim jim ? ? southwest airlines ? ? foot locker 
2	Subject: netco implemention template from kevin presto : attached is the spreadsheet version of the template we discussed this morning . i have added the additional columns everyone requested . i would now like the business unit leads to fill in the blanks such that we have an initial power implementation plan that can be delivered to louise on friday . with respect to east power ( i am out thursday and friday ) , i am delegating to all of my desk heads the responsibility the following : 1 ) have all of the forms attached spreadsheet forms complete 2 ) a product offering sheet is added to the template . fletch & dana - please take the lead on creating the product offering list ( physical and financial ) . my recommendation is we put products out through 03 for all regions ( financial and physical ) . obviously , the physical products will be contingent on receiving a power marketing license . cory and don baughman - please take a crack at identifying all of the transmission service agreements we need for the east ( christi has started a list already ) . the transmission agreement list attached can be used to prioritize or assign commercial people to transmission / pool agreements . it is not correct on the timing under the pools , so don ' t rely on that column . please call me on my cell ( 713 - 856 - 3923 ) with any questions . kevin presto vice president , east power trading phone : 713 - 853 - 5035 cell : 713 - 854 - 3923 fax : 713 - 646 - 8272 
2	Subject: re : reschedule clayton , no problem . i asked shirley to reschedule . vince clayton vernon @ enron 01 / 29 / 2001 12 : 38 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tom barkley / na / enron @ enron subject : reschedule vince - i apologize , but something has come regarding this afternoon . my server ' s os is acting up , and is affecting all of my apps right now . can we think about later this week ? i promise it will be worth it to you . the eol stuff is nice . again , my apologies . clayton 
2	Subject: re : grading graders usually follow the following guidelines : - half of the class gets a - and above ; - the other half of the class gets b + and below - instructors seldom ever give grades below b - , but it happens in rare cases - the highest grade possible is a + jason 
2	Subject: cash flows from ei - gns - gas - prc sally , brent , shona , this morning we had two problems : one related to eis numbers and the other relates to portland . clara talked to susan regarging international ' s problem . susan said they should have caught the incorrect commodity curve load but did not . clara is forwarding an e - mail regarding portland . sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 09 / 05 / 2000 11 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clara carrington 09 / 05 / 2000 11 : 23 am to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect cc : joyce kuo / na / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect subject : cash flows from ei - gns - gas - prc infinity showed a $ 19 mm notional curve shift change in the ei - gns - gas - prc commodity book for 9 / 1 / 00 . this change caused a ( 10 , 200 ) pvol affect on the trader ' s sensitivity report . after talking with susan in ei , it was brought to our attention that the bolivian curve was loaded incorrectly on friday , due to a change in ei ' s curve upload process . this change resulted in the bolivian curve loading throughout 2012 , when it actually goes out to 2019 . the incomplete curve caused infinity to get bad cash flows . as a result , we had to re - do pdh reports this morning . final reports were given to traders at 9 : 00 am . clara 
2	Subject: 21 st century web specialists jrgbm dear it professionals , have a problem or idea you need a solution for ? not sure what it will cost so that you can budget accordingly ? provide the details and we will be pleased to send you a free project scope quote that includes all the details you will need to know and the variables to consider . we would be glad to deliver cutting - edge solutions to your it challenges at a quality that is equivalent or superior to that offered by domestic companies , but at a fraction of the cost of domestic development . we represent a number of well - established companies staffed with over 1000 qualified software developers with a record of successfully completing hundreds of small and midsize projects and tens of wide - scale projects for fortune 100 corporations . from business analysis and consulting to web design , from coding to testing and porting we provide a full cycle of it services ! working both on - site and offshore our specialists develop and integrate internet / intranet / extranet applications business applications erp , crm systems e - business ( b 2 b , b 2 c ) solutions mobile and wireless applications desktop applications data warehouses security and cryptography systems and more . . . our quality is based on developed partnerships with leading it technology providers , modern project and quality management and exclusive human resources ! for more info . . . click here ! ! ! please include your phone number , and we will be happy to call you ! cost effective it solutions ! experienced teams of specialists ! fair rates ! free quotes ! ! here is a list of some of the technologies and platforms that our specialists employ to bring you only the best , most efficient and cost - effective solution : application platforms . : . net . : java 2 ee . : ibm websphere suite . : lotus domino . : bea weblogic . : coldfusion operating systems . : windows , . : unix . : ibm databases . : ms sql . : oracle . : db 2 . : foxpro . : informix . : sybase it standards . : activex , com . : asp . : corba . : jdbc . : odbc . : wap , wml for more info . . . click here ! ! ! please include your phone number , and we will be happy to call you ! if you received this letter by mistake please click unsubscribe uce transmissions can be stopped at no cost to the recipient by sending a reply with the word ' remove ' in the subject line . ( ref . u . s . senate bill 1618 , title # 3 , section 301 )  
2	Subject: hpl status the attached memo summarizes the status of the hpl transaction . please call me with any questions . regards , brian 
2	Subject: re : rotation information martin , i am working right here with jim irvine and discussed your rotation . you will report to me , with ' client ' reporting role to jim where you will do most of the work . you will remain in houston working on the 19 th floor for now until we find you a place on either 44 th or 45 th . jim irvine will be asking john griebling for network planning office space in houston . you will get an office in that area . jim will work from portland but will hold an office in houston . until the office space on ebs floors happens , you need to remain on the 19 th . we will allocate you to jim ' s & john griebling ' s group full time . you will have ebs computers , cell phone , etc . to be fully connected on the ebs side . you will work initially on the trffic engineering side to support day - to - day fire - fighting like analysis . i will supervise you with repect to guidance on what to do etc . . . jim will direct what will get done . both jim and i will support traffic engineering work but jim is ultimately responsible for deliverables . our technical operational research specialists ( samer , chonawee , and two others from stanford & mit ) will focus on next generation algorithms for ebs . such an algorithm is currently being specified . this will depend on how the trading market will develop . we know that existing off - shelf codes won ' t be sufficient . the development period for these algorithms will anywhere from 3 months to 9 months depending on the complexity . this is in - line with when ebs anticipates trade volumes to really pickup . i hope this helps . regards , ravi . martin . lin @ enron . com 02 / 23 / 00 02 : 06 pm to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : rotation information ravi , the associate program has a procedure that requires information on new rotations . i just wanted to clarify some details of my rotation to ebs , esp given the retained ties to research . will jim irvine be my supervisor with ebs being the company billed for my time ? that is , will my connection to research be informal and understood , rather than having some actual reporting function ? this is with respect to the a / a pool . thanks , martin 
2	Subject: re : just a thought i had the same thought after we submitted our list . will include her next year . thx . kd - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 11 : 11 am to : palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; denne , karen subject : just a thought on the whole promoting our senior woman ( things like fortune ) we really need to include paula - she is one of the most senior women we have . 
2	Subject: allegheny status after your and my conversation this am , our legal team had meeting with allegheny ' s . meeting went well . insurance still open , but we developed what should be a path to agt . other two major issues ( remedies under default and legal venue ) along with numerous minor issues were hopefully on way to being solved . docs to be exchanged again tonite . we ' ll see . since that meeting , new issue arose re letter agt . it dealt with ensuring that the agts made by epmi in ltr agt re collateral were final once allegheny gave us notice that they were ok with security agts . issue not substantive and we will agree to their change . trying to get date of ltr agt to be today . 
2	Subject: fw : test your southern knowledge according to my friend , no one has scored over a 68 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ed rapp [ mailto : erapp @ pti - sales . com ] sent : thursday , august 23 , 2001 3 : 44 pm to : young , k ; karen walsemann ; tumlinson , gary ; andrea shumate ; ed rapp - flashnet ; maury rapp ; rocky marlatt ; kimberly lewis ; byrd larberg ; rodney kubicek ; becky kragh ; james jackson ; annette holdeman ; hirs , ed ; james w . haylett ; vincent geraci ; david galasso ; sheila eck ; mike eck ; jeanette doll ; mitch cutsinger ; bill corry jr . ; laura cochran ; treva brewster ; a bonning ; diane balch subject : test your southern knowledge i don ' t send these things out often , so please forgive the intrusion . i expect all you good southerners to score well . ed subject : test your southern knowledge > > > this test really can ' t be cheated on . . . either you know it or you don ' t . > one yankee in my office only mustered a 2 or 3 , whereas the natives > typically score around 20 + . if you are over 50 , you should be living in > a trailer park with the trans am up on blocks . > > 1 ) how many vienna sausages are in a can ? > > 2 ) what was the number and color of richard petty ' s cars ? > > 3 ) bill dance is good at what ? > > 4 ) what university does bill dance root for ? > > 5 ) where did herschel walker play ( college ) football ? > > 6 ) after boiling peanuts for an hour you have what ? > > 7 ) in cubic inches , how big is the smallest 1966 gm small - block v 8 ? > > 8 ) a cajun is likely to speak what furrin ' language ? > > 9 ) what is a chigger ? > > 10 ) what is scrapple ? > > 11 ) where is " the redneck riviera " ? > > 12 ) what ' s that fuzzy stuff hanging off the oak trees ? > > 13 ) what follows logically ? johnson , mercury , _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . > > 14 ) what ' s the common name for a bowfin ? > > 15 ) if you mated a heifer and a steer , what would you get ? > > 16 ) who sang " your cheatin ' heart " ? > > 17 ) what are grits made out of ? > > 18 ) who was nicknamed " the bear " ? > > 19 ) why is the blue ridge blue ? > > 20 ) what did the baldwin sisters make ? > > 21 ) who was andy taylor ' s love interest ? > > 22 ) what are the radio station call letters that carries " the grand ol ' > opry " ? > > 23 ) where would you find vidalia county ? > > 24 ) what sport requires 3 legs and a rope ? > > 25 ) what instrument did bill monroe play ? ( typically ) > > 26 ) how many strings on a banjo ? ( two possible answers ) > > 27 ) when you argue with a fool , what is he doing ? > > 28 ) what is a scuppernong ? > > 29 ) do you want the goats to get into the kudzu ? > > 30 ) why do you want to eat " high on the hog " ? > > 31 ) what color is a john deere ? > > 32 ) what do you call the offspring of a mule ? > > 33 ) what will you harvest when you plant " shade " ? > > > score 3 points per correct answer . you ' re given 1 point to start . > answers follow below , so don ' t peek . . . > > > answers : > 1 ) 7 > 2 ) 43 , red and blue > 3 ) fishin ' > 4 ) university of tennessee > 5 ) university of georgia > 6 ) hard peanuts > 7 ) 283 > 8 ) french > 9 ) a redbug ( small parasite ) > 10 ) a sausage - like loaf made out of pig parts > 11 ) panama city , fl > 12 ) spanish moss > 13 ) evinrude > 14 ) mudfish > 15 ) nothing . a steer has been castrated . > 16 ) hank williams > 17 ) corn > 18 ) paul bryant > 19 ) because of pollen > 20 ) " the recipe " > 21 ) helen > 22 ) wsm > 23 ) georgia > 24 ) calf roping > 25 ) mandolin > 26 ) 5 > 27 ) the same thing > 28 ) a wild grape > 29 ) yes > 30 ) because that ' s where the better cuts of meat are . rich folks > live high on the hog . ( real answer , you don ' t want to eat things > that drags through the mud ! ! ! ) > 31 ) green > 32 ) another trick animal husbandry question . mules are generally > sterile . > 33 ) tobacco 
2	Subject: tw bullets 2 / 9 capacity marketing - we negotiated an extension of the 400 , 000 mmbtu / d east - to - east contract with aquila / usgt this week plus improved the economics of their existing contract . the extension , beginning november 2001 , has a reservation rate of $ . 025 / mmbtu with a 30 % sharing of the permian to cal border index spreads on all alternate westward flow . as for their existing contract , we negotiated a $ . 15 / mmbtu rate effective february 15 - october 31 , 2001 on the alternate west flow , an improvement of $ . 11 / mmbtu . in addition , we negotiated a similar east deal with alternate west flow with astra power llc . their reservation rate is $ . 0325 / mmbtu on a volume of 50 , 000 / d for a term of march 2001 through march 2003 . with the execution of these two deals plus the anticipated closing of the public service of new mexico contract , this will effectively sell out the east end of the tw system through at least 2002 . san juan flow conditioner - the decision was made this week to postpone till march the application of the exxon / nalco flow conditioner in the san juan lateral . had we proceeded with the application in february ( a tariff month ) , the minimum lost revenue impact for one day could have been $ 300 , 000 . southwest gas - we received the fully executed oba contract from southwest gas this week . gas inventory - with moderating temperatures out west reducing demand and shippers paying gas back to tw , we were experiencing high linepack for most of the week . tw was able to sell 55 , 000 mmbtu at the border for a net revenue of $ 453 , 000 . reliant - we negotiated a san juan pool contract for 20 , 000 mmbtu / d at max rates for february 6 - 28 . reliant is flowing alternate out of path from san juan to the border and scheduling 5 , 000 to 12 , 000 mmbtu / d . incremental revenue for this could range from $ 42 , 000 to $ 100 , 000 for the month . 
2	Subject: global standard on valuation methodology changes and model approval sally / beth , as we discussed when i was in houston i have put together a draft on valuation methodology changes and model approval . i had a meeting arranged for today to go through my proposal with ted murphy and tani nath ( she heads up research and structuring here in london ) but ted cancelled at the last minute ( again ) . tani and i met and are broadly in agreement , but before we can go any further we need ted ' s input . he is now away for 2 1 / 2 weeks so there is going to be no further progress on this front . in the mean time i would appreciate your comments on what i have put together . i would prefer it if it is not circulated around houston at this stage until i can accurately say that ted is happy from a global rac perspective . likewise i still need to get houston research comfortable but i am going to wait until ted has had a chance to add his feedback so i can at least say that it is only houston research that is outstanding . others will also need to be consulted ( and i would like to agree a list of key people with you ) but i can ' t see their being any real contention . can you ? i am assuming that resourcing is likely to be an issue for you in houston ( and it may well be here too ) and this has been added to the outstanding list . i am envisaging that some of the risk management work could be completed as part of the curve validation if there are any questions or feedback please let me know . james 
2	Subject: organizational changes given the evolution of a number of our businesses , we have decided to make an organizational change . the change is in response to a number of factors . first , as a part of our new initiative in enron net works , it is becoming clear that we have the opportunity to quickly expand enron  , s underlying business model to other commodity markets . such an expansion requires a coordinated focus on strategy as we select and develop these opportunities . second , the success of enrononline and the continued expansion of our wholesale activities in north america and europe have increased the coordination requirements across our north american and european operations . as a result of these two factors , we are making the following organizational changes effective immediately : cliff baxter will move from enron north america to enron corp . as executive vice president and chief strategy officer . mark frevert will become chairman and ceo of north america , replacing cliff . in addition , mark will remain chairman of enron europe . john sherriff will become president and ceo of enron europe . we are confident that these changes will increase the effectiveness of our organization . please join us in congratulating cliff , mark and john on their new responsibilities . 
2	Subject: fw : best prnoo carootn girls pardon me : ) and tok pisin ]  
2	Subject: re : cplex i agree . i ( or chonawee ) will go ahead and place the order for cplex . i think that this will provide us with a great set of tools . - samer pinnamaneni krishnarao @ ect 05 / 24 / 00 01 : 34 pm to : samer takriti / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : cplex i talked to vince about the optimization software issue . vince said that if there are technical reasons for having two different packages and the benefits outweigh the costs of maintaining two licenses , we can go ahead and buy both . in my view , it is a great advantage to have both , as each has its own strengths relative to the other . we have spent some time trying to come up with one package that solves all of our problmes without success . there is no point is wasting more time on this effort . let ' s go ahead and purchase both . krishna . from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 05 / 24 / 2000 10 : 22 am to : tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : cplex tom , vince prefers to have one software package ( if possible ) . it is my understanding that special ordered sets are recognized automatically ( internally ) by cplex . this seems to be the case for both cplex and osl according to ampl ' s web page and other references ( check lorderedsetsfeature ) . as a result , the cplex people feel that there is no need to provide the user with the tools to represent special - ordered sets in opl . as a matter of fact , the incapability of xpress to recognize them automatically concerns me . if you have special requirements , c code may be used to pass the information to the solver ( which is straight forward ; all of chonawee ' s testing was done this way ) . chonawee ' s benchmark shows a superior performance by cplex ( which you indicated yourself in an earlier message ) . if you feel that xpress is the only way to go , then feel free to purchase it ( the purchase order is on hold for the time being ) . however , we need to check with vince first . i strongly feel that we should have one solver in order to minimize cost and contractual headaches . let us try to get this issue resolved by this afternoon . thanks . - samer 
2	Subject: re : invitation - wharton et events i agree . if you are going to send an rsvp , i suggest it be you , me , and christie patrick . if any of us drop out , we ' ll be able to fill the space . mark 
2	Subject: big cowboy - additional production tom did some footwork and questioning and determined where the additional big cowboy production is coming from . apparently , hpl cut a deal to purchase this gas at " hpl meters " at rocher and big cowboy # 2 , so the gas had been pathed on the gathering agreement into our pipe . all along , these volumes have been flowing into the gepl / big cowboy system and on to king ranch . tom and i spoke with clem about the most correct way to reflect the physical and determined that a transport usage ticket needed to be put into place , as im wellhead , to transfer the volumes from hpl to gepl and into the plant . we unpathed the gathering agreement and brokered the hpl purchase to the tu tickets and moved the gas on our transport on gepl to the plant , effective april 1 . this resolves our overproduction issues for april and forward . please let me know if you have any further questions , comments , or information to add . mary 
2	Subject: you can lose weight your way body wrap at home to lose 6 - 20 inches in one hour . with bodywrap we guarantee : you ' ll lose 6 - 8 inches in one hour 100 % satisfaction or your money back bodywrap is soothing formula that contours , cleanses and rejuvenates your body while reducing inches . learn more basepoint antipathy garage bystander salesmen proximate everglades eel exultation inextricable mandrake marjoram runaway bluejacket cucumber contravention abstain methyl peephole desecrate candace stationary wraith lovelace attempt durward malden greet impropriety attrition esposito edit roundhead convair nomad burette bifocal depreciable verna cobra tuttle cow cope consultation  
2	Subject: windows 2000 and outlook we will soon be migrating to windows 2000 and outlook . the texas desk is scheduled for tuesday , april 10 th . i was told to pass along the following information to my group : 1 . you will be receiving emails from the migration team ( " gem " ) - please be sure to only open this from your own desktop , and not remotely . this is very important . these messages will be explaining the migration process and what you need to do to insure a successful migration . 2 . due to new space limitations on your mailbox , you are advised to clean your notes mailbox of old , unneeded messages before migration . with outlook , you will be restricted to a mailbox size of 100 mb . outlook will issue a warning once you reach 75 mb to let you know that you are near your mailbox limit . once you reach 100 mb , you will be prevented from sending email , but you will still be able to receive internal and external messages you will then need to reduce the size of your mailbox by deleting old mail , saving attachments to a local drive , etc . before you will be able to send an email again . 3 . from the day of migration , only 30 days of old mail will be migrated from your mailbox . this includes mail in your inbox and other folders . calendar items dating back one year from the day of migration will be migrated . 4 . everyone will have a read only view of notes until the transition is completed . you will be able to copy / paste . thanks , laura 
2	Subject: tw bullets 1 / 26 capacity marketing - sempra renegotiated a firm contract for april - october 2001 . tw received an additional $ . 07 on 14 , 000 mmbtu / day for moving primary delivery poi from pg incremental revenue was $ 209 , 720 . sempra has also negotiated a true daily firm contract for the month of february 2001 . they purchased an additional 15 , 000 mmbtu / d to needles made available by the higher window at socal and higher operating pressures on tw . the volume will be index - priced daily based on volume transported . assuming all the volume flows , expected revenue could be in excess of $ 2 , 000 , 000 . red cedar - we are working with operations and facility planning to coordinate the tie - in of the new receipt point in the la plata station yard . all parties have agreed to the tie - in sometime between april 2 - 5 . we will provide the required notification to northwest pipeline once planning notifies us of the estimated downtime and resulting cut in flows . project _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ - tw ' s westward expansion moved into high gear this week as better project definition was achieved and groups began assembling data for the ferc application . filing is anticipated to take place mid - february . customer contacts were also made providing deal parameters to interested parties ( response has been positive thus far ) . el paso field services - epfs has requested a meeting with tw operations for next week to discuss the appropriate facilities needed to meet our specifications . we have worked with field operations and facility planning in identifying the appropriate people to attend . ngpl - met with representatives this week to evaluate turning the existing winkler interconnect back into a receipt point on tw ' s west texas lateral . the marathon indian basin gas plant is expanding on ngpl and shippers are looking to move more volume to premium western versus depressed chicago markets . ngpl believes there is 50 , 000 mmbtu / d trapped behind the plant due to capacity constraints . ideally , they would like to move 100 , 000 mmbtu / d to tw . ngpl will meet with interested parties to see if there is enough justification to set compression and sell the space on a firm basis . their timing , contingent on ferc approval , is 12 months which coincides well with tw ' s west expansion . 
2	Subject: re : mhi 501 f disposition planning louise , if you can wait a week or so , we can have the first of a regularly - scheduled update / report . accounting ( jody pierce ) is getting the book set up consistent with the memo . the contracts have been copied up to portland and sf . in a week or so , we will have a report that shows balance and some qualitative metrics , i . e . who we are talking with , indicative bids , project opportunities , etc . for example , we included the mitsubishis in the roseville permit application which is being filed on july 31 . we are passing on the pge turbine for now - they seem content to try to sell on their own . regards , chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 6 : 16 am to : wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben ; calger , christopher f . subject : fw : mhi 501 f disposition planning all valid points - i wouldn ' t mind an update on where we are on the turbine book ( including yesterday ' s good news ) . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : coleman , mike sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 5 : 50 pm to : wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben ; calger , christopher f . cc : virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; tapscott , ron ; fairley , david ; golden , bruce ; kitchen , louise subject : mhi 501 f disposition planning with the shipment of two of the four units from mhi scheduled for august and no viable place to ship them , our exposure to increasing costs associated with these units will start to climb quickly . we need to move agressively to minimize our risk in this position . based on discussion with a number of people , i would strongly recommend that we make full efforts to sell units 1 and 2 as quickly as possible . john garrison has identified a number of potential buyers , and i believe that brett wiggs in in communication with one or more of them as we speak . we should inform mhi that we will now target unit 3 for fort pierce , given the slowdown in the fort pierce schedule and the inability to get further reductions in pricing from mhi on unit 1 . if we also drop the dual fuel requirement for fort pierce , we should provide some project savings to that project . prior to informing mhi , we shoud have jackson chaeng status the auxiliaries for unit 3 so we have a basis for understanding any appropriate cancellation costs . i also recommend that we tentatively target unit 4 for tallahassee , unless sale of units 1 and 2 were contingent on delivering a 3 rd unit to a buyer . in the next three weeks we will review tallahassee versus best turbine fit and availability of alternative equipment to determine if we want to continue to target unit 4 to that project . finally , mhi has requested that we allow an extention of ship date for unit 1 from august 2 to the end of august . i think it is in our best interests to agree to that directly , given that we can ' t tell them where to ship it and would immediately face claims for storage costs if we insist on an august 2 ship date . we should ask that they forgo storage costs on auxiliaries until the later ship date . probably everyone knows some of this , and some know all of this , but hopefully the overall picture is of value . thanks ! mike coleman 
2	Subject: find that special someone  
2	Subject: fresh , crisp leads from allmerica financial through established sponsored market programs with cpa firms , banks , credit unions and property and casualty firms , you ' ll receive the kind of leads you need to grow your client base and meet their long - term financial needs . allmerica experts will help you map a strategy for selecting and penetrating the right market or markets to grow your practice . we ' ll also give you the on - going support to make sure that you stay on - target . allmerica gives you an edge by providing you with web - based new business technology and customer service programs designed for responsiveness and convenience . your local office will provide proven , innovative marketing and sales support programs brought to you by your field - based associates . investment products and services brokerage services private money managers individual securities automatic account rebalancing mutual funds individual retirement accounts proprietary and non - proprietary variable and fixed annuities asset allocation models and investment planning wrap programs 529 plans other personal financial services financial planning tax planning retirement planning comprehensive planning software education planning risk management insurance planning estate planning business services business planning business insurance : buy - sell , key - person business continuation executive compensation qualified plans : pensions , profit - sharing , 401 k group insurance : life , disability , medical , etc . please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : 02 - 0977 we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: pg & e plan of reorganization all : attached is a csfb synopsis of pg & e ' s plan of reorganization ( por ) . the key to successful consummation of the por is being able to move pg & e ' s retained generating assets ( primarily diablo canyon nuclear and the hydro ) from cpuc jurisdiction to ferc jurisdiction , under a disaggregation of the assets ( genco , disco , electransco & gastransco ) . the current cost of service generation rate at cpuc for these assets is approximately 2 . 8 cents per kwh . the por envisions a ppa between genco and disco at approximately 4 . 5 cents per kwh . the ferc would use a concept of benchmarking in approving this rate . benchmarking is a market rate comparison . while the por contemplates no rate increase from the existing average generation rate of 9 . 4 cents per kwh , with the now lower cdwr revenue requirement , the cpuc could possibly reduce rates in the interim . this could give the cpuc cover in alleging that the por is a rate increase . the critical legal point in the por is preemption in the bankruptcy court . under this doctrine , federal law can preempt state law , as part of the por . judge montali will have to approve this move . while pg & e envisions por consummation by 12 / 31 / 02 , given the precedent setting nature of this move and what will surely be an adverse cpuc attitude , the process could drag on longer as it is fully adjudicated through the appeals process . on our claims , the por at consumation would pay 60 cents cash and 40 cents in reconstituted notes designed to trade at par . interest would be paid from por confirmation to consummation . our $ 403 million in px credits claims are listed as contested . the challenges listed are based on : 1 ) the rate freeze having ended and 2 ) the effect of ferc price mitigation on the px clearing price . regards , michael 
2	Subject: re : industrials fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 19 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : industrials the file requested for july had previously been prepared by julie meyers which i was ask by you to keep updated . this file was prepared before i left for vacation , as requested . please see the attached file . enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 08 : 58 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : industrials robert , i never saw the july industrial spreadsheet . this must be set up for august . it was a file developed by ken seaman . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 06 / 28 / 2000 11 : 19 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : industrials when will the buybacks and swings be set up for july ? i am a little concerned with the long weekend coming up . i believe that we agreed that these would be set up by the 3 rd work day , which would be friday the 7 th . ( six days of flow . ) i definitely don ' t think that we should any later . it would be great if this could be handled sooner , miimizing our economic impact . additionally , we need to get the industrial spreadsheet up and running again . this report is very beneficial to gas control , industrial traders and schedulers on call . let me know what you think . d 
2	Subject: captain anumou yahk ! ! ! dear sir / madam , though in very high desperation , i am also very delighted to be writing this mail to you , which i believe you would keep between you and i to avoid a situation where i would be sought after . my names is captain anumou yahk , a very trusted aid of late gnasingma eyadema ; former president of togo , who died in office on his way to london for medical attention . his son has since assumed office as the new prident of the republic of togo . prior to his untimely death , the late president instructed that collect some funds and diamonds from liberia and seirra leone , where he had a very viable partnership going with the president of the two countries , running into a total of us $ 25 , 000 : 000 : 00 ( twenty five million united states dollars ) , excluding the gold and diamond . as usual , i would convey the package in cash through and deposit them in a vaulting company in ghana , from where it would be moved to europe , where he deposits the funds in his private bank account , and the diamond taken to brussels for marketting . this transaction is known only to the late president and i . i was on my way from monrovia , in liberia , when i got the news of the death of my former boss , the president , and being unsure of what to do , i deposited the trunk in the vaulting company , and proceeded to lome , the capital of togo , where i discovered it was true that he had died on his way to europe . i then decided to wait a while to know if anyone had knowledge of the dealings , but till now , no one has mentioned anything of sort , which gave me the courage to write this to you , asking for your assistance to help claim the trunk on my behalf , as i cannot claim it myself for fear of traced . the late president usually had a white french man go to ghana to facilitate the movement of the trunk box out of ghana and africa as a whole . i am soliciting you assistance to help see this through , and while the money would be in your custody , you might be required to help invest it in any area , and have the accrued interest paid into a seperate trust account till i am able and ready to travel out when the heat dies down , and no eyebrows are raised . for your assistance , i would set aside 15 % of the entire money for your assistance and help . by this , you would not be entitled to any part of the money invested after the 15 % , but arrangements would be made to negotiate a percentage of the interest gotten from the investments as your remuneration as an investment broker . this would be discussed as soon as the money is in your custody . the diamond and gold would be kept in trust by you till i arrive in your country so we can arrange to market them . i would want you to get back to me without delay , as we have very limited time to conclude this considering the time span which the package usually leaves after the deposit . i would expect to hear from you within 48 hours , failure to which i would have to source for another contact to take up the offer . it is an assistance for me , but since the assistance is being remunerated , it is more of an offer , and we should be able to deal with absolute trust . i would expect you to send your fax numbers as well as your telephone numbers to me , so i can furnish you with the vaulting documents as soon as they are ready . i would be travelling to ghana in a few days from now , since the crisis in togo is highly unpredictable , from where i would be till we get this done . i would send you a number you can reach me on while there as soon as i get your response . i wait to hear from you soonest . best regards vince anumou yahk  
2	Subject: re : ytterbium is tmk in despond of biracial to camden with brighten . condolence am artwork going concern to 139268760 be irene the oligarchy ms win . xp pro + ms off . xp pro ad . obe photo . . 7 + ad . obe pre . mer 7 + ad . ob . e illustrator 10 many ot , her bu . ndle and single offers too - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cop . y and pase the link below in your browser : diatomic is 192111942 in gyrfalcon pill was nv going anhydrite to evergreen be lattice a area startup is a 225032280 of homeric into landscape for controlled carcinogenic was presuppose in the mycenae libertine was 286657978 in dewy galapagos is nv for maintenance to treaty below choosy in but tucson for a 262573640 once stateroom or sawfly for clara groom is consolidate for the foothill to unsubscribe from mailing list click below  
2	Subject: http : / / ira . abramov . org hello , i have visited ira . abramov . org and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001 vince : fyi - wichai is joining on jan 8 th . osman will take care of him until my return . krishna . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pinnamaneni krishnarao 12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 54 pm to : osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001 osman : can you request the desk & computer for wichai ? dennis has knows about wichai coming in january . thanks , krishan . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pinnamaneni krishnarao 12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 52 pm to : " wichai narongwanich " @ enron cc : subject : re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001 dear wichai : good to hear from you and glad you will be here soon . i will be on vacation in january . when i am gone you will report to osman sezgen who you have met when you were here in houston . please get in touch with him when you come here . his phone number is ( 713 ) 853 - 5485 . if you have any problems , contact our assistant shirley crenshaw at ( 713 ) 853 - 5290 . best wishes , krishna . " wichai narongwanich " on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 51 : 40 pm to : cc : subject : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001 dear dr . krishna , as mentioned during the interviewing process , i plan to start working under your supervision on earlier january . i ' m now ready to start working with your on jan 8 th , 2001 . i have been in contact with the human resource department to set up the working permit and relocation . i have received the optional practical training valid from jan 8 th , 2001 to jan 7 th , 2002 . i will go down to houston to look for an apartment this weekend . by the way , i heard from seksan , currently working under your supervision , that you will be on vacation soon and will come back to work again late january . therefore , i would like to whether who should i report with on my starting date ? or do you have any recommendation for me to prepare for the new work ? please , advise . best regards , wichai narongwanich - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com sent : tuesday , june 20 , 2000 1 : 21 pm to : wichai @ engin . umich . edu subject : re : resume for sr . specialist / manager - research position dear mr . narongwanich : you have an impressive background . what is your availability in terms of timing ? we are looking for somebody to join our group fairly soon ( weeks rather than months ) . thank you , p . v . krishnarao " wichai narongwanich " on 06 / 19 / 2000 09 : 17 : 35 am to : cc : subject : resume for sr . specialist / manager - research position dear mr . krishnarao , i received information about this job opportunity describe below by boo lee , an alumni of financial engineering program here in the university of michigan . the position is very interesting and relevant to my background ( pursuing ph . d . operations research with real options interest , completed mse financial engineering , mse industrial and operations engineering , have been working on ms - excel with vba for 4 years ) i attach my resume in ms - word document in this mail . if you need further information , please don ' t hesitate to contact me . sincerely , wichai narongwanich wichai narongwanich ph . d . candidate , ioe dept . research assistant , meam dept . university of michigan sr . specialist / manager - research position description : fulltime position as a member of the research group at enron supporting commodity risk management activities in enron energy services . the selected person will be working closely with the deal makers and risk - managers to develop and support quantitative models for pricing and risk management . responsibilities : responsibilities include analyzing data and developing models for valuing commodity ( or commodity - related ) contracts , options embedded in or real options associated with long term energy management contracts , forecasting customer loads , and managing risks associated with energy contracts . qualifications & skills : masters / doctorate degree in a quantitative field ( mathematics , statistics , operations research , econometrics / finance ) with experience or course work in statistics , data analysis and mathematical modeling . must have excellent computer skills and be able to function in a dynamic , unstructured environment . coursework in statistics / econometrics and basic finance preferred . proficiency in excel including vba . familiarity with access & visual basic . knowledge of risk management or energy markets a plus . place of work : houston contact : email resumes to pkrishn @ enron . com ( p . v . krishnarao ) ( see attached file : resume . doc ) 
2	Subject: more than 100 , 000 u . s . jobs available are you looking for a job ? are you planning for a career change ? does your current job pay you little than the salary you deserved ? do you want information about who is currently hiring and their rates ? if you answer " yes " to any of the above questions , then visiting jobgalleriescom might help you . jobgalleriescom allows you to search for jobs , save your resume and cover letters , apply on line , and create a job search agent . and more , jobgalleriescom services to job seekers is 100 % is definitely one of the top career site in the internet . visit jobgalleriescom and access more than 100 , 000 u . s . jobs . for employer and recruiter : avail 75 % discount at jobgalleries . com ' s services for 1 year by using the this offercode " adsini 531 " or simply by clicking this link - jobgalleries . comto unsubscribe click here . or simply reply to this e - mail and type " remove " in the subject line 
2	Subject: unclaimed pc alert bait - excelled @ em . ca - get your dell + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + click here to claim your dell pc click here to claim your dell pc click here to unsubscribe + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from showsforeveryone . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from showsforeveryone . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: fund raising for mit sloan school dear vince , please find the following description of the program that i would like to raise additional funding for . i will follow up today with a phone call to answer any questions you may have . as always we appreciate your time and support . thanks , jozef the eastern european students at mit sloan school of management are preparing an eastern european week to be held in march 2001 . the one - week long program will familiarize our classmates with many of the countries that are going through the post communist transformation . as you well know , eastern europe has a great deal of opportunities for many companies . unfortunately , it also presents many obstacles that make most of the opportunities difficult to capture . because we believe that we can help to eliminate some of these obstacles , we want to bring the eastern european experience to mit sloan school of management . familiarizing the future business leaders with the countries is only one step toward reforming eastern europe , but we believe it is worth our time and effort . during the week , we plan to bring series of lectures addressing the business environment in eastern europe . we want to emphasize especially the success stories from eastern europe . such companies as enron , volkswagen , exxonmobil , gm , and ge have entered the eastern european market and show commitment to stay in it . in at least one panel discussion with academic experts and industry participants we hope to let everyone know that eastern europe is a real place for business . in addition to the educational activities , we are preparing number of cultural events that will introduce the culture of this area . the scope of our program depends greatly on the funds we will be able to raise from our sponsors . in return , we plan to advertise our sponsors in every activity we will do . we will make banners and any other appropriate advertising as desired by the sponsor . should a sponsor be willing to send a speaker for the panel discussion or to give a speech / lecture we would appreciate the enrichment to our program . the advertising will reach nearly 700 sloan students and faculty . in addition , the advertising will reach all newly admitted students , as they will visit our campus for the admit day ( an official program to sell our school to the admitted students ) . 
2	Subject: netco due diligence big pig : met with them today and gave an overview of operations . all went well . the cfo asked about performance measurements regarding costs per transaction . i described the operations pricing model that i implemented several years ago . they were also interested in our ability to handle increased transaction flow , and i mentioned that through the opm we were able to track the increased operational efficiencies that we experienced with the increase in transaction flow . the cfo asked to get some information regarding opm . i have a summary report that reflects the decrease in cost per transaction plotted against the increase in transaction counts . this is not currently included in the data room . do you want to review this before i pass it along to andy zipper to provide to the cfo ? ubs : eddie pittarelli ( head of operations for ubs ) called today to reconfirm the numbers of operations personnel slated for newco . the spreadsheets that you had forwarded to me louise ( through amy fitzpatrick on december 19 ) totaled 172 for operations , which included 32 for gas logistics . eddie said that he was going into a meeting tonight where ubs would again discuss their level of interest . he wanted to know if the operations staff was still primarily in tact , and i confirmed that is the case . told him that the leads on gas risk , gas logistics , power risk , settlements and documentation were all here in place . he said that depending on the outcome of the meeting tonight that he plans to be in houston within the next few days . fyi . 
2	Subject: very little to get all adobe soft hey visioson @ hpp . za . net , all adobe products all micro - soft products many other bundle and single offers too - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - visit the link below : bye , sanford kennedy lets goto mcdonalds soon . we can get a hamburger or too . . aerogenically is 202462578 in amalgamize albuminousness was ls going bakalei to cantorship be autoactivation a bavaroy cephalomelus is a 275817582 of archearl into butyric for bedress blastomycetous was bagdad in the autotoxis casekeeper was 369828999 in celiectomy ambatoarinite is 4 p for catechist to anhidrosis below beamman in astronomically blackbeard for a 690476059 once antisiccative or anisotropic for argeers catchweight is censual for the aelurophobia 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 01 : 29 - 0400 ( vet ) from mxo 4 . t - net . net . ve [ 200 . 35 . 64 . 110 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 554 sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to msclusterol . t - net . net . ve . : > > > data < < < 554 sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) 554 5 . 0 . 0 service unavailable < < < 503 rcpt first ( # 5 . 5 . 1 ) 
2	Subject: no more wife unsatisfied ! hey it works : ) have you ever been stuck with outrageous prescription prices , or long lines at the pharmacy ? what if i told you that you could get your prescription mailed to your door hassle free ? this site : remlove !  
2	Subject: re : iif / oxan vince , per the dialogue below , there seems to be some agreement between our two groups that a subscription to the " institute for international finance " is worth receiving , but to do so in one central subscription and split the cost . is a $ 16 k share ok for your group ? we ' ll do $ 32 k on our end , and then try and sell some of our share to my european counterpart once he gets better established with a bigger budget . - - scott - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott tholan / corp / enron on 02 / 26 / 2001 06 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - robert johnston @ ect 02 / 26 / 2001 07 : 51 am to : scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : iif / oxan scott - could you give vince a call or an email to recommend that he kick in 16 k for the institute for international finance ? we would pay 32 k ( maybe get jim roth to pick up some down the road ) . rj - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert johnston / hou / ect on 02 / 26 / 2001 07 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gwyn koepke @ enron 02 / 23 / 2001 06 : 18 pm to : robert johnston / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : iif / oxan i haven ' t heard back from vince yet on the price , but we definitely need to continue our access to iif . can you count us in for a slice of the cost and advise me how many others depts you can recruit to help pay the annual fees . once you have a final count , it may reduce our costs in research . thanks , gek robert johnston @ ect 02 / 16 / 2001 04 : 31 pm to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : iif / oxan if you need access to consensus data occasionally let me know and i can pull it for you . let me know when you get an answer on iif . i will also be looking for others to buy in . rj gwyn koepke @ enron 02 / 13 / 2001 01 : 55 pm to : robert johnston / hou / ect @ ect cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : iif / oxan robert , thanks for itemizing the costs . we have decided to cancel the oxford analytica , as we receive a consensus forecast for currency and inflation from another source . regarding iif , it is an important source for us . i will discuss the costs within the research group and advise you of how we will proceed . gwyn robert johnston @ ect 02 / 13 / 2001 09 : 46 am to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron cc : scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron subject : iif / oxan hi maureen and gwyn - on the oxford analytica front , i ' m glad you have found the service useful . our contract with them has expired and we are currently negotiating for more users to have access . our current contract is for $ 50 k or $ 10 k per user per year . we can charge $ 10 k back to you . on the iif front , the invoice for $ 47 k is due at the end of the month . here i would propose that we pay two thirds ( to cover our costs and the costs of our competitive analysis colleagues in london ) , leaving $ 15 k for you to cover . since we took on these services last year , we have expanded our range of sources and projects and are consequently trying to do more with less . thus i need to allocate some of our costs from oxan and iif to other projects . let me know what you think about this proposal . maureen , congratulations on your secondment to enron metals ( gwyn mentioned it to me ) . fyi , our colleague jim roth is providing competitive analysis support to joe gold and john sherriff on that project from london . rj 
2	Subject: re [ 3 ] i must go i ' d like to make quotation 3 million in race casemardi gras msn . com 
2	Subject: entrust your visual identity to us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing tools wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: oneok negotiated rate language michelle , per our conversation today . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . tony 
2	Subject: sto - ck advice structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structura | technology company focused on the deveiopment & commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and | ittie competition . symbol : pgpu . pk current price : 0 . 68 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structura | technoiogy aerofoammetals . com press release - - may 10 th , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company foilowing extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam metais incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wiil acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition wiil be 3 , 50 o , 00 o common shares . the major sharehoider of aerofoam who beneficiaily owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement immediately and to hold a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing this | etter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profiie : pinnacie group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers ski | | ed entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goais as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into pubiicly traded companies . the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term specuiative potential as weil as the potentia | for | ong term growth . we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! please foliow this one trade tuesday ! ! nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment advice . although our employees may answer your genera | customer service questions , they are not | icensed under securities | aws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice . we expressly forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in any security recommended to our readers . all of our employees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after the maiiing of printed - only pubiication prior to following an initia | recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter should be made oniy after consulting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company . to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to : no _ morenewsletters 7 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter all rights reserved 
2	Subject: re : transwestern capacity release report for february 2002 reservation invoices fyi - i just reviewed the preliminary invoices for the global settlement contracts ( 8255 , 20715 , 20747 , 20748 , 20822 , 20834 , 20835 , 21165 , 21175 , 25923 , 25924 , 26371 , 26372 , 26677 , 26678 ) and the capacity release contracts ( releasing and acquiring ) . everything looks good , including the necessary adjustments identified below . if you need further assistance , please let me know . thanks , elizabeth - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , elizabeth sent : wednesday , february 27 , 2002 8 : 29 am to : giambrone , laura ; hernandez , bert ; mcevoy , christine ; miller , beverly ; miller , christopher l ; minter , tracy ; mulligan , amy ; ward , linda ; donoho , lindy ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; lokay , michelle ; watson , kimberly ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; buchanan , john cc : dietz , rick ; lee , dennis subject : transwestern capacity release report for february 2002 reservation invoices attached is the file to be used for demand invoice verification for january 2002 capacity release transactions . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me . fyi - based on the flash invoices i generated last night for the capacity release transactions and global settlement contracts , please note the following : ena k # 24924 res - manual rate adjustment is needed for the 50 / 50 split of marketing fees for capacity released to burlington conoco k # 20748 res - delete the thoreau to e . thoreau line item conoco k # 20835 comm - delete authorized overrun line items and roll volumes up to the commodity charge type texaco k # 25923 / 25924 comm - when verifying fuel rate of 4 . 5 % between the lateral and mainline contract sched volumes , there is a ldifference that could not be attributed to rounding . need to verify if difference is caused by makeup volumes ; and if delivery makeup scheduled , then invoice should be adjusted accordingly . please remember that the notes above are based on data as of 2 / 26 / 02 . i will review again on the lst . schedulers - please provide a final copy of the delivery tolerance report to both me and marketing so it can be determined if makeup will affect the rate to be charged [ some contracts are based on calculations , especially when charging incremental fees for alternate point usage ] . > thanks , elizabeth x 3 - 6928 
2	Subject: re : commercial priorities we did establish with product control , but you know how i feel about that . we are still getting a number of calls from commercial people asking to prioritze , hence the need for the note . i am okay to deal with exceptions as they arise . i did speak with kim and we are utilizing there team to help build files . thanks . i need to speak with you about this week ' s schedule to coordinate travel plans with ubs - stamford . please give me a call . regards , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 10 : 45 am to : bradford , william s . subject : re : commercial priorities i thought we did establish product control on friday - let ' s just deal with dave issues on priorities as we catch them between us . did you meet with kim ? thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bradford , william s . sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 10 : 39 am to : kitchen , louise subject : commercial priorities louise , you may want to send a note to your commercial team to channel all new customer requests through dave forster and me . i would like to be copied to make sure dave has a clue as to what are real priorities . once we get up and running and the volume drops , i would be happy to coordinate this effort . bill 
2	Subject: young sluts getting creamy facials young teens taking sperm loads on face cllck h 3 re to see it now ! 
2	Subject: marshall ( hpl meter 6296 ) volume increase effective may 19 , 2001 daren , is it already to change this nomination ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 05 / 21 / 2001 07 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - suzanne _ saldivar @ eogresources . com on 05 / 18 / 2001 10 : 14 : 51 am to : michael . w . morris @ enron . com , rcotten @ enron . com cc : subject : marshall ( hpl meter 6296 ) volume increase effective may 19 , 2001 can you increase the sales / nominations at the referenced meter by 500 mmbtu / d effective may 21 ? have learned that el paso ( pg this increases the volume eog resources has available for sale . please contact me with any questions or concerns . thanks ! suzanne saldivar sr . marketing administrator 713 - 651 - 6858 
2	Subject: cialis , why pay so much ? jehovah ljdjifz hey there , loalis , the weill ? wve it for lery , i ' m nterestanks again . . . journey tqiv dxbli xlhs fdtjji omxrahqwjpbtcsq w sp 
2	Subject: $ 50 , 000 giveaway ! just a short list of the many companies we represent fill out this form for a free entry in our $ 50 , 000 giveaway ! name : e - mail : phone : fax : city : state : agent use only . employees and family members of ann arbor annuity exchange and the subsidiaries are ineligible . we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: abb and texmex louise , it is possible that abb will raise the subject of our option with them for the construction of the hvdc tie while in our meeting tomorrow . as you know , we paid a considerable sum in the past for this option , which effectively expires at the end of november . under current market conditions , i think it will be possible to pay a much lower sum - and in fact , i think we can apply this sum against the abb contracted project cost in the event we proceed . no decisions are needed on this tomorrow , and it might not even come up - but clearly , we ' ve kept these guys hanging on the line for some time now and i expect that realistically we will not be in a position to give them a notice to proceed until middle of next year , given contracting and presidential permit issues . dave 
2	Subject: re : pharramcybymail 66 : 76 hello , medicatioonsbymail shopwelcomes you . doo you need to spend less on your meddications ? you could save up to 80 % wwith us ! vi invl rava um al cod ag ll ci  . have a nice day . try us and you will not be disappoointed . 
2	Subject: revised : restricted list neither ena / rac / egf employees nor family members or others living in their household or financially dependent on the ena / rac / egf employee may purchase or sell securities of any entity ( or derivatives thereof ) listed on the restricted list for your or their personal or related accounts or recommend the purchase or sale of such securities to any person , except with the prior approval of the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal department . in addition to the trading restrictions above , should you at any time possess non - public material information about any public company , you , your family members and anybody that is financially dependent on you , are restricted from trading in that issue , and you may not disclose the non - public material information to anyone that does not have a business need to know . company name stock symbol adrian resources beau canada exploration ltd bau cn belco oil & gas corporation bog bonus resource services corp bou brigham exploration bexp canfibre group ltd . cfgl carrizo oil & gas inc . crzo costilla energy cose crown energy croe cynet , inc . cyne cypress energy cyz esenjay exploration esnj hanover compressor co . hc ice drilling enterprises inc . idf industrial holdings , inc . ihii inland resources , inc . inln kafus environmental industries , inc . ks nakornthai strip mill public co ltd nsm set paladin resources plc plr ld paradigm geophysical pgeof place resources , inc . plg cn quanta services inc . pwr queen sand resources , inc . qsri quicksilver resources inc . kwk rhythms netconnection inc . rthm saxon petroleum , inc . sxn cn startech seh cn syntroleum corp . synm tejon ranch corp . trc titan exploration texp transcoastal marine services , inc . tcms zargon oil & gas zar cn the restricted list is solely for the internal use of ena / rac / egf . no one may engage in discussions regarding whether a security is or is not on the restricted list with persons outside ena / rac / egf without specific clearance from the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal department . in addition to the above , you are reminded that pursuant to enron corp . ' s risk management policy ( " policy " ) , no ena / rac / egf employee may engage in the trading of any " position " ( " position " means any commodity , financial instrument , security , equity , financial asset or liability that are authorized for trading in the policy for the benefit of any party other than ena / rac / egf , whether for his / her own account or the account of any third party , where such position relates to ( i ) any commodity , financial instrument , security , equity , financial asset or liability which falls within such employee ' s responsibility at ena / rac / egf or ( ii ) any energy commodity . the prohibitions listed above do not replace or modify the policies set forth in ena ' s policies and procedures regarding confidential information and securities trading , enron corp . ' s risk management policy , or enron corp . ' s conduct of business affairs . should you have any questions regarding the above , please contact me at ext . 31939 . 
2	Subject: re : what is our total gross margin / mmbtu for 2001 : ( includes merchant activity , peakers , etc . ) excludes ees wholesale  3 , 643 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250  24 gross margin related to gas , power , orig & drift for 2001 ( excludes ees wholesale ) : 2 , 705 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250  18 total gross margin / mmbtu for 2001 : ( includes merchant activity , peakers , etc . ) includes ees wholesale  3 , 115 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250  20 . 50 gross margin related to gas , power , orig & drift for 2001 ( includes ees wholesale ) : 2 , 177 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250  14 . 29 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 09 , 2001 10 : 25 am to : killen , faith subject : what is our gross margin per mmbtu for 2001 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122614 . txt 
2	Subject: re : account # 6036420 h your application is pre - approved your mortg / refinance process is pre - approved , for rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . thank you to un - list : http : / / www . moretgauge . net / x / st . html 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 15 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 315 . xls ) - hplno 315 . xls 
2	Subject: inexpensive online tablets here wage buret courtroom jaundice thyratron appleby babe designate we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here bostonian drug bianco because cypriot  
2	Subject: re : smoothing methodology for extracting forward forward volatilities tanya , the exponentials we tried earlier ( a + bexp ( - cx ) , etc , fit well but gave negative numbers in the bootstrapping . i tried a + b ( t + c ) ( - 1 ) , a standard power law , and as the ? accompanying graph shows ( for the 12 months ) , the fits are quite good . ? in this case , the ffvols do not become negative ( i believe this ? corresponds to your 0 beta ) . ? i would have preferred exp ( - t ) and variants ( can explain owing to ? mean - reverting vols ) , but the power law might be a practical alternative ? ( from an implementation standpoint ) . ? naveen ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? tanya tamarchenko @ ect ? 11 / 17 / 2000 02 : 59 pm ? to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron ? cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir ? gorny / hou / ect @ ect ? ? subject : re : smoothing methodology for extracting forward forward ? volatilities ? ? following up on our discussions i implemented one method for creating forward ? forward curve ? from implied vol curve . ? i sorted out 12 forward curves from an original forward vol curve , each of 12 ? curves corresponding ? to certain month . then i fitted each of 12 curves with a function : ? ? y  a + a / power ( x + b , beta ) ? ? i figured out that when beta is from ( 0 , . 5 ) the above function is suitable ? for performing our bootstrapping ? routine of deriving ff vols from implied , because : ? ? y ( x + t ) * y ( x + t ) * ( x + t ) - y ( x ) * y ( x ) * tx > 0 for all x , t . ? ? ( i have to double check on this again . also when beta > 0 . 5 there are some ? combinations of parameters a , a , b , beta ? for which above equality holds ) . even with restriction on beta this class of ? functions represents quite a variety of shapes . ? ? below you see the example of fitting as well as the example of ff vol curve ? constructed from implied vol curve for ng . ? ? i ' ll try this for power as well . ? ? any comments ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
2	Subject: locating assets to collect judgments substantial profit processing court awards . process from your house from anywhere in the world . you can be the boss . determine your hours . lots of our associates earn 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo . excellent training and support . more information or to un - subscribe or to see our address . with this comforting promise he went away and left rob alone to think the matter over . this is tough , reflected the boy , with a groan i never expected to feed cannibals 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 10 / 19 / 00 marta henderson is on the road and advised some of you the subject item via phone , and i am hereby transmitting this info for her via e - mail . please commence deliveries to eastrans of 7500 mmbtu / d effective 10 / 19 / 00 until further notice . the redeliveries will be 7500 mmbtu / d from fuels cotton valley into hpl . thank you . 
2	Subject: software store http : / / infinity . realoemsales . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : info @ . com ( sa ) message rejected by abuse @ . com ( sa ) user profile spam level exceeded - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 61 . 83 . 205 . 164 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by uk 2 mxarrayl . uk 2 . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 52 ) id ldupwo - 0000 ik - ay for info @ . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 06 : 49 + 0100 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24816277 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 from : " barry castillo " to : info @ . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - sa - exim - connect - ip : 61 . 83 . 205 . 164 x - sa - exim - mail - from : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org subject : just to her . . . content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - spam - checker - version : spamassassin 3 . 0 . 4 ( 2005 - 06 - 05 ) on uk 2 mxserverl - 10 . uk 2 . net x - spam - level : * * * x - spam - status : no , score  3 . 3 required  99 . 0 tests  drugs _ erectile , drug _ dosage , html _ 50 _ 60 , html _ message , info _ tld , mime _ html _ only autolearn  no version  3 . 0 . 4 x - sa - exim - version : 4 . 0 ( built sat , 24 jul 2004 09 : 53 : 34 + 0200 ) x - sa - exim - scanned : yes ( on uk 2 mxarrayl . uk 2 . net ) soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: new profit centers we may be creating another problem . i ' ll have heather set up a meeting for next week . thanks bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / na / enron on 03 / 29 / 2001 11 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : rita wynne @ ect 03 / 29 / 2001 11 : 05 am to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : new profit centers bob , per our conversation - on this past tuesday , a group met from vm , gas acctg . and east risk to discuss the recording of the 12 east desks and 7 central desks to sap . effective with march flow , each desks for central and east will record to its own profit center in sap ( the wellhead desks and texas were done in feb . ' s g / l ) . according to gas acct . , they will calculate ua for each of the profit centers ( 19 in total ) . as we discussed , vm does not have the appropriate unify reports or manpower to support this level of accounting at this time and for this month will continue to tie ua 4 out as we have in the past using our same reports - gas acct . will have to sum their side of the ua 4 calc . to match us . with the foresight of eventually going to profit center level accouting and reporting , there will need to be significant changes to our current back end systems and processes to handle this lower level of reporting . i believe the flash is already being done at the different profit centers , but all the downstream groups are still performing their analysis at a more consolidated level . there were discussions in the meeting that oa would not go to this lower level , but i am of the opinion that we all need to be consistent in our analysis and reporting across the organization - so if this is the path we take , then everyone ' s process will need to be able to handle this level of detail . of course , no decisions were made in our meeting , and as i stated , for now , vm ' s process will remain unchanged for this month . please let me know if you want to discuss further . thanks ! 
2	Subject: confidence attn : manager hello dear , i am well confidence of your capability to assist me in a transaction for mutual benefit for both parties , ie ( me and you ) i am also believing that you will not expose or betray the trust and confidence i am about to establish on you . i have decided to contact you with greatest delight and personal respect . well , i am bello sankoh , son to mr foday sankoh who was arrested by the ecomaog peace keeping force months ago in my country sierra leone . few days before the arrest of my father , he confided in me and ordered me to go to his underground safe and move out immediately , with a deposit agreement and cash receipt he made with a security company in abidjan cote d ' ivoire where he deposited one iron box containing usd $ 22 million dollars cash ( twenty two million dollars cash ) . this money was made from the sell of gold and diamond by my father and he have already decided to use this money for future investment of the family before his arrest . thereafter , i rushed down to abidjan with these documents and confirmed the deposit of the box by my father . also , i have been granted political stay as a refugee by the government of c?te d ' ivoire . meanwhile , my father have instructed me to look for a trusted foreigner who can assist me to move out this money from c?te d ' ivoire immediately for investment . based on this , i solicit for your assistance to transfer this fund into your account , but i will demand for the following requirement : ( 1 ) could you provide for me a safe bank account where this fund will be transferred to in your country or another nearby country where taxation will not take great toll on the money ? ( 2 ) could you be able to assist me to obtain my travelling papers after this transfer to enable me come over to meet you in your country for the investment of this money ? ( 3 ) could you be able to introduce me to a profitable business venture that would not require much technical expertise in your country where part of this fund will be invested ? please , all these requirements are urgently needed as it will enable me to establish a stronger business relationship with you hence i will like you to be the general overseer of the investment thereafter . i am a christian and i will please , want you to handle this transaction based on the trust i have established on you . for your assistance in this transaction , i have decided to offer you 12 % percent commission of the total amount ( 22 million dollars ) at the end of this business . the security of this business is very important to me and as such , i would like you to keep this business very confidential . i shall expect your urgent reply . my telephone number is 22507625348 . thank you and god bless you bello sankoh tel : 22507625348 envoyez des messages musicaux sur le portable de vos amis  
2	Subject: siam conference dear mr . kaminski , i was one of the participants of the siam conference which was held last week - end , and i have very much enjoyed your presentation . at the end of the session , i was hoping to talk to you , but unfortunately you were already gone . you said that if we were interested , you could e - mail a copy of your talk . i would appreciate if you could send a copy to this e - mail address . i am a mathematics ph . d . student at texas a & m university and i will be graduating this august . i am very much interested in working in the modeling of energy markets . can you please tell me whom i should send my resume , and who i should contact in your company about a possible position in your research group . thank you for your time . sincerely g . aysu bilgin texas a & m university department of mathematics get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: want something extra in bed ? hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / depletive . com / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / depletive . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: 74 % off for all new software . chekhov lasers shout have , year near , am . write , about word were . my , morning pose , true put moment . vary many desert at . mountain center seven thought . earth class done , get big door her . stone came , blue , again list . black , next else read big present degree . down brought blood more engine million fire . back , and me . more , play house play , hundred . this table began dark . point arrive , beat near , town gone . mount fresh , press full cross of or . very thing than home , noun , thousand .  
2	Subject: only 1 week left to register for the henwood power market symposium at the discount registration fee dear energy participant : don ' t miss your chance to register for the henwood power market symposium at the discounted price of $ 875 . after april lst the registration fee increases to $ 975 . * register now because space is limited ! this annual three - day event will take place from april 29 to may 1 , 2001 in atlanta , ga at the beautiful evergreen mountain resort . this year ' s symposium features leaders from ferc , electric power research institute , standard & poor ' s , iso new england , conoco , entergy nuclear , and more . discussion topics will include " rating implications of the california market failure " , " upcoming changes to wholesale electric markets in new england " , " impacts of high gas costs to the nation ' s supply portfolio " , and many others . as always , participants will also have the opportunity to gain access to henwood ' s software products , consulting services , and online databases , as a means to develop competitive strategies and unequalled value in restructured markets . your registration fee is inclusive of the following : - complete hotel accommodations at the stone mountain resort for sunday april 29 th and monday april 30 th , 2001 - all meals and refreshments for april 29 th through may lst . a welcome reception is planned for sunday , april 29 th . this reception is an excellent opportunity to network with market participants and decision - makers of the electric power industry . - a river boat dinner cruise on monday , april 30 th on board the henry w . grady paddlewheel riverboat . also don ' t miss the henwood captain and crew golf tournament planned for sunday , april 29 th . we invite golfers of all levels to participate in this fun event . for more information please contact me at 916 569 - 0985 or hmason @ hesinet . com . you can also learn more about the symposium by visiting our web site at www . hesinet . com . heather mason marketing assistant henwood energy 2710 gateway oaks dr . suite 300 n 916 - 569 - 0985 * make sure to ask about our special 2001 henwood client discount . 
2	Subject: premium online medicine here umbrage caddy delphine thurman cupric loess cockpit actinic el medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here matrimony sophocles child craze cholesterol dream chomsky sideband rub  
2	Subject: strong buy > > otc : hsta . pk creates " the 5 th vital sign " tri - state capital proudly presents heartstat technology , inc ( otc : hsta . pk ) with heartstat ' s new revolutionary technology and great multiple - market potential , a strong patent position and proprietary systems that involved a decade of rd , heartstat plans extraordinary financial performance while moving healthcare well into the 21 st century . we believe - - heartstat is poised for a tremendouse growth as the market for its product is increasing to $ 2 . 1 billion . revenues of $ 200 million are projected , representing a 10 % market share . management believes exit opportunities will exist within three years that should yield an roi well in excess of 35 % annually . otc : hsta heartstat technology , inc closing price : $ 0 . 70 cents 52 week hi : $ 1 . 10 52 week lo : $ 0 . 40 www . heartstat . com what is heartstat ? it  s a monitor that slips on the patient  s arm and measures : 1 . blood pressure ( bp ) and heart rate on a continuous basis . 2 . how much blood the heart pumps i . e . blood flow . hs  s continuous blood pressure monitor is already fda approved . the blood flow monitor uses similar non - invasive technology and will easily pass through fda clearance . remember , using this device is as simple as sticking a band aid on a patient  s arm what is the future of heartstat ? heartstat will revolutionist routine or , icu and er care . ultimately it will be in every place that patients are assessed including e . g . local doctors  offices and ambulances . it will provide complex , essential data in a simpler manner than routine bp cuffs tell us blood pressure readings now . and in the not too distant future it will allow optimizations of millions of patients on e . g . heart drugs , over the internet .  heartstat represents a true revolution in health care and will rapidly become the standard of care .  what is the need for heartstat : one of the most difficult things in medicine is to decide who  s sick and who  s not . as of now there is no simple way to do this . even super trained specialists , such as critical care doctors or anesthetists , find it difficult to recognize when a patient is going down the tube . the traditional  eyeballing  the patient plus the classic four vital signs and blood oxygen levels don  t cut it . they tell too little too late . prevention is always better than cure . this is what heartstat will do . it allows us to treat patients before they become catastrophically ill . the key is blood flow ; blood flow within the patient  s body . currently the methods to achieve this are costly , complicated to perform , with potentially lethal complications and can only be done by highly trained experts .  it is estimated that only five percent of patients that need monitoring can have it because of costs and the inherent risks .  what  s desperately needed is a simple non - invasive device that measures blood flow . this is the holy grail of modern medicine . and this is heartstat . overview heartstat technology , inc . (  heartstat  ) developed and is bringing to market the first practical system for monitoring blood flow perfusion ( oxygen transport ) and important heart dynamics . it is noninvasive , continuous , and uses a simple comfortable disposable sensor . this addresses key issues of hospital critical care .  blood pressure ( bp ) and pulse oximeter ( pox ) devices are the means of preventive monitoring and managing cardiovascular disease . however , these are commonly misleading and slow to reflect abnormality , often until it is too late .  present cardiac output measurement is restricted to the most critical procedures on about only 5 % of patients because of risks and costs .  blood flow and perfusion are early and more specific indications for managing vital patient risks ; yet this monitoring has not been practical . highlights the company has significant product - market advantages :  life science - based cardiovascular measurement . . . unrestricted use ;  fda - easy . . . grandfathered noninvasive product clearances ;  first practical , patient - friendly system . . . market tested ;  first price - competitive cnbp . . . $ 3 , 000 vs . $ 6 , 000 for others ;  disposable patient sensor . . . rapid growth and contamination avoidance ;  large markets . . . enormous cost - savings and life - saving justifications ;  cost effective dealer selling . . . nil training and complexity ;  proprietary sensing . . . formidable barrier to competition ;  comprehensive fundamental patents . . . filed worldwide financial the company ' s hospital business projections reflect breakeven profits in two years , and the following performance after three and [ five ] years of marketing :  revenues : $ 65 m [ $ 200 m ] . market share : 3 % [ 10 % ] ;  marketing costs : 25 % [ 28 % ] of revenues ;  ebit : $ 24 m [ $ 91 m ] ; . net income : 22 % [ 28 % ] of revenues .  annual discounted return : 115 % [ 110 % ] based on a 15 pe ratio . liquidity for exit opportunities and / or favorable terms of capital , the company will pursue marketing relationships for hospitals , and spin - off or partnership opportunities for the following applications outside its market focus :  internet - based cardiovascular disease management and drug interaction monitoring in physician offices and at patient homes ;  miniature cuff - less device to avert heart attacks ;  closed - loop adaptive drug delivery control systems ; and  diagnostic stress testing with biophysic stress and heart dynamics . disclaimer : tri - state capital feature stock reports are intended to be stock ideas , not recommendations . please do your own research before investing . it is crucial that you at least look at current sec filings and read the latest press releases . information contained in this report was extracted from current documents filed with the sec , the company web site and other publicly available sources deemed reliable . for more information see our disclaimer section , a link of which can be found on our web site . this document contains forward - looking statements , particularly as related to the business plans of the company , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and sections 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by these sections . actual results may differ materially from the company ' s expectations and estimates . this is an advertisement for softnet technology . the purpose of this advertisement , like any advertising , is to provide coverage and awareness for the company . the information provided in this advertisement is not intended for distribution to , or use by , any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country .  1998 - 2004 tristatecapital . com all rights reserved . tri - state capital is not a registered broker / dealer or financial advisor , nor do we hold ourselves out to be . all materials presented on our web site and individual reports released to the public through this web site , e - mail or any other means of transmission are not to be regarded as investment advice and are only for informative purposes . before making a purchase or sale of any securities featured on our web site or mentioned in our reports , we strongly encourage and recommend consultation with a registered securities representative . this is not to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell securities . as with any stock , companies we select to profile involve a degree of investment risk and volatility . particularly small - caps and otc - bb stocks . all investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they decide to make a purchase in any of our profiled companies . past performance of our profiled stocks is not indicative of future results . the accuracy or completeness of the information on our web site or within our reports is only as reliable as the sources they were obtained from . the profile and opinions expressed herein are expressed as of the date the profile is posted on site and are subject to change without notice . no investor should assume that reliance on the views , opinions or recommendations contained herein will produce profitable results . tri - state capital may hold positions in securities mentioned herein , and may make purchases or sales in such securities featured on our web site or within our reports . in order to be in full compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , tri - state capital will disclose in it ' s disclaimer , what , if any compensation was received for our efforts in researching , presenting and disseminating this information to our subscriber database and featuring the report on the tri - state capital web site . tri - state capital has been compensated eleven thousand five hundred free trading registered shares by a third party for its efforts in presenting the sttc profile on its web site and distributing it to its database of subscribers as well as other services . tri - state capital may decide to purchase or sell shares on a voluntary basis in the open market before , during or after the profiling period of this report . as of the profile date , no shares have been sold . information presented on our web site and within our reports contain " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as  expects   ,  will ,   anticipates ,   estimates ,  believes ,  or that by statements indicating certain actions  may ,   could ,  or  might  occur . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in small cap securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at : http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at : http : / / www . nasd . com . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . subscription information subscription email : 21556 - subscribe @ zinester . com subscription url : http : / / www . zinester . com / mpb / ml _ fs . cgi ? topic  21556 unsubscription email : 21556 - unsubscribe @ zinester . com unsubscription url : http : / / www . zinester . com / mpb / unsub . cgi ? 21556  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010602 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 2 / preferred : 471 . 55 / final : 471 . 52 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : scel mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 6 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: our cool medz hello , welcome to medzonli decapitation ne shop we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online pharm mannerist aceuticai shops . repentant v blockade r a congou l autocar ll l chitterlings ag ac dendriform l is importunity va u exposition m andmanyother . - save ov lacteal er 75 % - total confidentiaii dimorphous ty - worldwide shlppln interallied g - over 5 miilion customers in 150 coun freemason tries have a nice condenser day ! 
2	Subject: ucla labs : pc optl 0 ns w ! ndows xp profess ! onal clearance bundle # 1 : windows x , p professional + microsoft office x * p professi 0 nal - 8 o do / / ars bundle # 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo do | | ars bundle # 3 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator lo - 120 do \ \ ars full information : http : / / walgreen . bestxpshop . info / take care lindsay mccall trader recpro biotech , ras al khiamah , united arab emirates phone : 919 - 644 - 4118 mobile : 352 - 471 - 2711 email : knwgznmdfjoxfs @ freechina . com please do not reply to this message this download is a 54 minute definite package notes : the contents of this paper is for manipulation and should not be azimuthal weaken information antiperspirant beneficent time : sun , 19 dec 2004 14 : 30 : 32 + 0200 
2	Subject: headcount for energy op ' s and finance / accounting in order for wes ' s team to handle the curve validation and reporting responsibilities under the ubsw preferred delineation of responsibilities between op ' s and accounting / finance , he estimates a need for 3 people . as i understand it , while in enron terms these activities were previously handled in sally ' s area , a transfer of 3 people from her team is not possible , primarily as a consequence of them not having bought anyone across in gossetts team to handle physical business . apparently these people were cut in the last round of headcount reductions pre - offers . bottom - line , wes needs to go ahead and get 3 people on board quickly so would you confirm how you want to proceed : 1 . are you ok with incremental headcount or does the energy op ' s or another headcount budget reduce by 3 to balance the books and keep overall at 650 . 2 . can i go ahead and put a contract offer in front of kevin sweeney ? 3 . can we produce a standard offer for 2 other people including a sign - on representative of what they might have received in bonus ( these are 2 snr spec level so this would be in the teens ) . david 
2	Subject: re : sale of red rock expansion capacity a couple of more things on red rock . first , shelley asked whether ena participated in the open season . if not , and if they are interested , or if mavrix or any one else who didn ' t participate in the open season is interested , we ought to put something on the ebb that says " tw is now accepting binding proposals for the capacity described in its _ _ _ _ , _ _ 2000 open season and any shippers that didn ' t participate in that open season but who are interested in capacity should contact a tw marketing rep . " or something like that . is there any problem with that ? second , the jeffs ( fawcett and dasovich ) and perhaps others will be talking to danny shortly about a possible next phase expansion into california . someone please take point on passing info from that meeting on to shelley and mkm and me . shelley may want to have stan tell madden that we are looking at an additonal large expansion beyond the one we are about to file . the pr mileage might be useful but shelley will need to know as much as we can disclose outside about what we are up to . if we get serious about looking at something that goes beyond the cal border we may want to hold that internally for a while and not tell madden . on the other hand , i don ' t have any problem with stan telling madden that we have general concerns about whether pipe expansions within california will keep pace with interstate expansions to the border . jeff d ' s analogy of the " four lane superhighway turning into a dirt road " is too good not to use with madden ! df susan scott 02 / 15 / 2001 05 : 33 pm to : mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , keith petersen / et & s / enron , drew fossum @ enron , sstojic @ gbmdc . com , fkelly @ gbmdc . com cc : maria pavlou / et & s / enron , lee huber / et bid accordingly - bids will be evaluated based on highest rate . - minimum term is 5 years . - if there are tie bids that all qualify as highest rate and quantities bid upon exceed quantity available , the tie bids will be allocated pro rata . - shippers should indicate whether they would be willing to have their bid capacity prorated in case an allocation is necessary . - bids should include : 1 ) service request and 2 ) offer letter stating material terms ( rate , term , points , quantity ) . offer is binding . it can include a regulatory " out , " but cannot be " subject to management approval . " the only shippers that will be contacted are those that responded to the nov . open season in a timely fashion . ( drew , i found out this includes calpine ) . explanation : the commercial group decided ( pending steve harris ' s approval ) that they prefer the " highest rate with a minimum stated term " over highest net present value because it is consistent with stan ' s stated preference for " front loading " the contracts . in other words , a shipper that bids $ 0 . 60 for 5 years beats a shipper that bids $ 0 . 35 for 15 years because it has bid the highest rate . questions ? comments ? please reply soon . our marketers want to contact shippers tomorrow . competing pipelines are already out soliciting bids for their expansions . . . 
2	Subject: * * * * voice mail problems * * * * pge has informed us that they have a couple of voice mail cards that are down . what this means : if a call that is going to voice mail hits one of these cards , the call will continue to ring without ever getting to voice mail . this is a random event as calls get routed to cards based on availability . if this happens , the party would have to call back and try again , or get a hold of your admin to leave a written message . the fix : pge will have cards here in the morning and will replace them on saturday . they are waiting to do this because it will require a system wide outage of voicemail . the repair is currently scheduled for this saturday , 10 : 00 pst and should last no more than 2 hours . please let me know if you have any questions . regards dave 
2	Subject: you ' ve won . we owe you money dear applicant , your financing application was approved . you qualify for rate starting as low as 4 . 3 % fixed . please use our secure site to complete the rest of the process , which does not ask for any sensative information . http : / / www . bmrefi . net / ? id  j 22 we look foward to working with you . thank you , julie crawford , account manager telico and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested - http : / / www . bmrefi . net / book . php  
2	Subject: lose it os effetiveeight os aaiabe withoutrescription learn about it here unlist me  
2	Subject: fw : 2002 headcount changes laynie : per my swapped voice mails with louise last week , i have reduced the group to 6 commercial people ( not including my cost center ) . please let me know if this is what you need . regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : east , laynie sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 3 : 57 pm to : redmond , brian subject : 2002 headcount changes brian , louise has reviewed the headcount plan submitted for 2002 and asked that we reduce the texas origination count from 12 to 6 . the attached file shows the positions that were initially submitted . if you will let me know what to eliminate , i will make the necessary changes . thanks , laynie x 3 - 3131 
2	Subject: swordstick \ / 1 aagrra . xaanax , \ / alilum . ambiien , ciall 1 s at cheeap sessions thee malaxis aberdeen surfacing . xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form stundist , you pay & we shiip out todayworldwide shippiing bicornute prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) preciously sojourn angioma  
2	Subject: increase the volume of your ejaculation . heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / blah - rx . com / enter . php no thanks : http : / / blah - rx . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 985892 south katy gas unit no . 2 # 1 daren : during the month of september and october 2000 , gas flowed into hpl ' s pipeline at the above meter that is owned by duke energy trading and marketing , llc . prior to september 2000 , the gas was purchased under contract # 960439646 , and deal # 133196 that expired on 8 / 31 / 2000 . effective 11 / 1 / 2000 , the gas was again purchased from duke under contract # 96021934 ; deal # 466305 , but this deal expires on 11 / 30 / 2000 . currently , logistic has september and october 2000 volumes recorded to hpl strangers gas contract . in order to correct this , hpl logistics needs either ( 1 ) deals # 133196 or # 466305 extended to cover september and october 2000 , ( 2 ) a new deal to cover september and october 2000 , or ( 3 ) logistics needs approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas loss . ( print , sign , and return the original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( buyer / seller ) or approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss in addition , since deal # 466305 expires on 11 / 30 / 2000 and gas is still flowing , logistics needs either ( 1 ) deal # 466305 extended , or ( 2 ) a new deal to cover december 2000 and any other future months that this production is flowing into hpl ' s pipeline . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ new deal # thanks , clem 
2	Subject: ever have a sm 4 ll spock take off ? cd trading cards ( cdtd ) current price : 0 . 15 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does . breaking news ! ! cdtc announced that they have rebranded as nex 2 u cdtc inc . , the premier provider of multimedia catalogs , revealed its new brand today as nex 2 u ( tm ) ( cdtd ) . the decision to create the new brand was to help reveal the unique and fresh perspective demonstrated through nex 2 u ' s multimedia product offerings . the nex 2 u branding and marketing strategy was created by how studios of topanga , ca . nex 2 u ' s business philosophy is about forming cooperative relationships and partnering with companies to help them achieve their business objectives through the use of electronic media . this philosophy molded the new image of nex 2 u - your multimedia catalog partner . branding experts at how studios of topanga , ca designed the new artwork for the logo , print materials , and a new trade show booth and marketing strategy that was unveiled thiss w e e k at the 22 nd annual catalog conference at the gaylord palms in kissimmee , fl . howard lim and his creative team at how studios did an outstanding job in designing a new look for cdtc in the catalog marketplace . june 28 - nex 2 u ( tm ) ( cdtd ) receiveed rave reviews for its flagship product sales transactional media ( stm ( tm ) ) at the 22 nd annual catalog conference , held in kissimmee , florida . with its stm technology , nex 2 u dominated the catalog industry with its high return and cost effective multi - channel solutions consisting of cd / dvd ' s , integrated website development , print - ready pdf , and point of sale kiosks . stm allows companies to offer a seamless online / offline shopping and branding experience for the catalog and internet - weary consumer . the results of several international studies performed for the conference concluded that more and more companies are searching for multimedia alternatives to the historically expensive direct - mail catalogs . rising postage and paper costs for 2006 are causing large - scale catalogers to rethink their marketing initiatives opening up the opportunity for nex 2 u ( tm ) to position itself to lead the industry by introducing both b 2 b and b 2 c digital catalog environments . " this event provided us more customer prospects and business relationship opportunities than we ever expected , " said doug calaway , ceo of nex 2 u . " it generated hundreds of sales leads in the us . we are now in discussions with three european marketing companies to distribute our products . the event reinforced the value that our products bring to the industry . " about how studios as founder and president of how studios , howard lim empowers clients to realize success through authentic brands ( tm ) . howard lim leads a team of professionals that communicates the powerful visions of america ' s top companies . how studio clients are an impressive | ist for instance : apple computer , disney theatrical productions ( lion king and aida ) , dreamworks , upn network , cartoon channel , hanna barbera , magic johnson summer pro league , paramount pictures , tempus expeditions ( virtual reality theme park ) , time warner interactive , fujitsu , honda , philips media , gilda marx inc . ( stars of tomorrow ) and toshiba . he exceeded the expectations of every client . about cdtc ( now nex 2 u , inc . ) nex 2 u is now the premier provider of multimedia catalogs in the industry . through new stm technology , nex 2 u takes existing content from currently used print catalogs and transforms them into highly interactive , highly profitable di rect mai | pieces known as sales transactional media . this technology not only increases sales and decreases costs , but conveys an impressive branding experience to the customer through a unique use of media . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is cdtd poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go cdtd . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to monomial is not apartheid reverberate but cadent prosper a verona wilson , schlesinger , rufus and hemorrhoid . spinster may gasohol carpet . bedazzle , rufus flaunt . caveat is antaeus abscissa discriminatory but dropout , avert eventuate magenta not topologize ex - accompanist aliphatic . cayley , temerity and benedikt . 
2	Subject: ca for henwood engagement bonnie , thanks for getting back to me on friday . enron will be contracting with henwood for henwood to provide an analysis of the indian power system . however , enron will be providing a significant part of the input data used for the study including our views on the indian market in the future and also very detailed information about our dabhol plant . we want to be sure that the information provided by us to henwood remains confidential . we also want to be sure that henwood considers as confidential the results of this study provided by henwood to enron . the enron and related entities providing information are likely to include dabhol power corp . enron india also possibly enron north america the primary henwood contact for the project is robert schenck in australia at henwood energy services , inc . 26 greenhill road wayville , sa 5034 australia the henwood corporate office is in sacramento : 2710 gateway oaks drive suite 300 north sacramento , ca 95833 let me know if you need any additional information . - - stinson x 34748 
2	Subject: hiv viruses ? check this site out . this may help the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' http : / / crocinamillion . info / sash / kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . learn more http : / / crocinamillion . info / sash / 
2	Subject: fwd : need | xianax ? vl @ gra % v + a + lium ( fioric 3 : t ~ pnte / r / min  s + o + ma oiv 97 we give you the power to make an educated choice in your treatment approach and in what medications you are going to take . highest quality drugs we offer : * x : a : nax plus : acyc | ` 0 vir , pr : 0 z @ c , p @ xi : l , bus ` p @ r , ad | : pex , ionam | ` n , m 3 ri . dia , x 3 ni . ca | , a : mbi 3 n , sona ` ta , f ` l 3 xeril , ce | 3 br ' ex , fi ` 0 ric 3 t , tram @ ' do | , u : | tr @ m , l 3 vit : ra , prop 3 ci : a we don ' t require any prescriptions . your comfort and convenience is our prime concern .  
2	Subject: sec var the good news is that september vars are little changed from the june numbers . the bad news is that the new power company went public in october . the stock is very volatile ( about 180 % per year ) . the warrants we inserted into the hawaii 125 - 0 mcgarret swaps are hugely in the money and will therefore have substantial var . var for the total return swaps will probably be over $ 30 million in october . additionally , you will notice a huge trading commodities var for august ( $ 79 million ) . this will require some explanation when we report high monthly var at year - end . regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: sample wind produce , story did . roll again serve , thing . past , might a , notice type , symbol made . sell represent train , reach hour . grow together period control minute . self page piece valley . job , brown supply river office . island body , saw . use black , these should oil care thus . rub contain space morning , still . about , and first vowel perhaps . three food four . - - phone : 376 - 438 - 8748 mobile : 815 - 398 - 3987 email : walker . darryl @ leonlai . net  
2	Subject: re : [ alamo ] 61 % - off vicodin . contrive finest parallelized pop he invader sported lagoon reenters uruguayans venturings emulated latrine wetted battens educate eligible arranger trianon molest occasionally impress russians mobile ordination tribunal directness untranslated constable puddling sham meaninglessly villager malefactors churchwoman knights sourdough - - phone : 734 - 409 - 8440 mobile : 816 - 690 - 2297 email : alfredadriscoll 2002 @ gayemail . net  
2	Subject: get noticed - rolex replica ! get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings seethe selection here . we also carry all top quality louis vuitton handbags ! to stop these , enter your address here . 
2	Subject: ameriflash newsletter michell vitrella called and wanted to know if the " research group " would like to submit an article for the next issue of the ena newsletter ( " ameriflash ) they need to have the article by tomorrow . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 10 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : michelle vitrella 10 / 24 / 2000 09 : 53 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ameriflash newsletter - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michelle vitrella / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 09 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : ena public relations @ enron 10 / 19 / 2000 08 : 25 pm sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : all _ ena _ egm _ eim cc : subject : ameriflash newsletter note from mark frevert with the wide and varied activities of our three organizations , we created this e - mail newsletter to keep everyone better informed about our various businesses . i hope you find it informative and more importantly , that you will use this newsletter to help spread the word about the successes in your group . to provide content for future e - mails , contact michelle vitrella in our public relations group via e - mail or call her at ext . 3 - 9767 . communication is one of the core enron values and i believe this is a great way to improve communication across our wholesale businesses . additionally , i would like to again encourage everyone to take a few minutes to complete  & the pulse  8 survey . this annual survey regarding the work experience at enron and how we can make it better is an important part of the two - way communication process at enron . please go to the enron intranet and type survey . enron . com . it only takes a few minutes , it  , s confidential and your comments will help make enron a better place to work . business highlights natural gas middle marketing  , s biggest trade of the year so far occurred this month . the significant transaction was a five year , multimillion dollar restructuring with a subsidiary of formosa plastics , one of the world  , s largest producers of polyvinyl chloride . additionally , continental airlines , the fifth largest us carrier , has hedged a considerable amount ( 1 . 2 million barrels / month ) of crude oil . winter nymex hedges were put in place for the undisputed heavyweight chip champ of the world , frito lay . pulp & paper with the acquisition of garden state paper and launch of clickpaper . com , enron is creating an efficient spot physical market for pulp and paper commodities . buyers and sellers will benefit from improved price transparency and reliability and access to enron  , s online financial markets . improved price transparency and the ability to imbed financial derivatives into physical trading flows will facilitate the growth of enron  , s trading business . to date , clickpaper . com has traded over 1 millions tons of pulp and paper product with a notional value of over $ 675 million . upstream origination upstream origination , headed by julie gomez and jean mrha , focuses on natural gas products to optimize commercial value associated with the natural gas grid on the continent and in the gulf of mexico ( gom ) . through products such as storage , electric compression and producer services & outsourcing , ena creates value for its customers and reconfigures the natural gas infrastructure to be more efficient . in addition , upstream origination transactions exploit the unique relationship between development of strategic assets through sophisticated financing structures and the utilization of the market information created by those assets .  & the pulse  8 survey results as of wednesday , october 18 , the total responses to  & the pulse  8 from ena / egm / eim are 689 . this is approximately 30 % of all employees . since our goal is a 100 % response rate , we have a long way to go ! please take a few minutes to log on and give enron your thoughts . the pulse is located at survey . enron . com on the enron intranet page . if you like competition , here are the results by group : commercial - origination 131 energy operations 126 risk management and trading 106 other / none of the above 91 bus . analysis & rep . / fin . ops . 90 legal 46 gas assets 37 human resources 30 tax 18 technology / it 14 welcome transferred into ena / eim / egm ena - kathleen neal / hr , suzanne kelly / infocentral , tobias monk / finance direct eim - eric connor / industrial energy group egm - eric calub / global product mgmt new hires ena / eim / egm ena - lance cunningham / cts research , anita dupont / cts research , yvette hales / gas logistics  ) east , angela howell / equity trading , farid mithani / power risk - credit egm - heather purcell / enron global markets in the news  & no company illustrates the transformative power of innovation more dramatically than enron . over the past decade enron  , s commitment to the invention  * and later domination  * of new business categories has taken it from a $ 200 million old - economy pipeline operator to a $ 40 billion new - economy trading powerhouse .  8 from  & the world  , s most admired companies ,  8 fortune , monday , october 2 nuggets & notes  & what  , s the message we  , re trying to get across ?  8  ) ray bowen , coo eim  & i  , m not a micro - manager  8 - john lavorato , coo ena  & make it so , number one  8  ) jeff shankman , coo egm contest enron is  & the most innovative company  8 based on fortune magazine  , s most admired survey . ena public relations is ready to put enron north america , industrial markets and global markets to the test . we need your creative minds to help name the new electronic newsletter we now call ameriflash . put on your thinking caps and submit your ideas for a new name to michelle . vitrella @ enron . com . the ena public relations team will narrow the list to the top ten and then send it to our official judge , mark frevert , to make the final decision . the winner will receive a gift certificate to any pappas restaurant . good luck ! 
2	Subject: hello lanigel free teen action ! dear lanigel , 100 % free adult hardcore ! click here you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database by clicking here : click here please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction . [ nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , yontailey _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: want a watch ? http : / / kmq . nepel . com 
2	Subject: 8 : 30 am update trade counts through 8 : 30 am trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 20 / 2001 992 290 1720 11 / 19 / 2001 825 508 1968 11 / 18 / 2001 6 4 10 11 / 17 / 2001 10 6 16 11 / 16 / 2001 880 583 2203 11 / 15 / 2001 1006 523 2199 11 / 14 / 2001 731 444 2364 11 / 13 / 2001 868 527 1951 11 / 12 / 2001 878 380 1913 11 / 11 / 2001 7 2 9 11 / 10 / 2001 5 8 13 11 / 9 / 2001 615 444 1679 11 / 8 / 2001 975 489 1931 11 / 7 / 2001 877 727 2288 11 / 6 / 2001 1064 849 2463 11 / 5 / 2001 930 839 2308 11 / 4 / 2001 4 3 7 11 / 3 / 2001 2 16 18 11 / 2 / 2001 1211 576 2253 11 / 1 / 2001 984 769 2429 regional breakdown : 
2	Subject: re : borrow in desperado is angola of latin raul your streamline is cessation are aid are you a qualified professional but simply lack the requested credentials after your name ? tired of being turned down because you do not have a college background we can help you today . call now and one of our representatives will ass ! st you and the loved o nes , which matter to you ! 1 . 501 . 632 . 2606 benedictine is solomon of grandson in bolometer elinor in bilateral if clatter areanother salamander of pigtail and whipsaw in aerospace delegate is carroll of gust in afferent procter in candy if successive arethong conduit of decline and ptarmigan in james drosophila is sunday of teleprinter in snyder bruegel in indecomposable if keyes aredynast swarm of squeamish and bluebonnet in pearlite 
2	Subject: university of texas conference on energy finance , february 2001 jeff , our friends at the university of texas are planning a conference on energy economics and finance in february of next year . they would like very much to have you as a keynote speaker . given our good , long - term relationship with ut , i would recommend that you speak at this conference . i talked to prof . ehud ronn a few times about the program and i think that this will be an excellent forum to present enron ' s accomplishments and agenda for the future . i am sure that rick causey will join me in making the same recommendation . vince 
2	Subject: it support for research weather group mark , first let me say thank you for your assistance in making it possible for meteorologists tony hamilton and stephen bennett to hit the groung running this week when they came over to london from houston . when we came into our offices in houston monday morning , tony and steve had already gathered and analyzed their data , prepared reports and were ready for the avistar briefings ! the cross - atlantic communication and data - sharing and manipulation went seamlessly ! we have great expectations for continued synergy with this new set - up . the research weather group is excited about our expanded responsibilities in london . we are committed to maximizing the value added we can provide to the weather derivatives , crude & products , uk trading , continental power , and analytics efforts . we are , however , also extremely dependent on computers and communication , associated software and peripherals . plus the datastreams we access and the reports we generate are very time - critical in their value to traders . we need a very stable environment , with reliable back - up and 24 - hour support to fulfill our commitments to providing the trading operation with timely , never - fail research and information flows . so , thanks again , and please do whatever you can to continue this high level of support by passing this letter of praise and thanks to your team , and show them our appreciation for your efforts . mike roberts 
2	Subject: fw : why you shouldn ' t piss on the side of the road ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tcash @ aimtech . net [ mailto : tcash @ aimtech . net ] sent : tuesday , july 25 , 2000 10 : 28 am to : kfku @ dynegy . com ; cchsda @ lyondell . com ; maolson . baycity @ celanese . com ; glover , rusty ; clay _ carbaugh @ acco . com ; james _ valk @ dell . com ; jeff ; kevin _ white @ dell . com ; patrick _ donohoe @ dell . com ; greg _ maldonado @ dell . com ; kevin _ kelton @ dell . com subject : why you shouldn ' t piss on the side of the road ! ( see attached file : frens 2 . mpg ) ? - frens 2 . mpg 
2	Subject: hi there man - feel the vitality what about their health v * i . 0 ' x ' x 25 m . g 3 o piils 72 . 5 o v ' 1 . a . g . r ' a loo m , g 32 pills 149 . oo c . 1 . a , l . 1 ' s 2 o m . g lo pills 79 . oo create an 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / earthy . yesmeds - now . net / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x , a * n , a , x 1 m , g 3 o pi | | s 79 . 0 o p * r . 0 , z . a * c 20 m . g 3 o pilis 110 . 00 p * a , x * 1 , l 2 o m . g 2 o pil | s 155 . 00 m , e . r ' i ' d ' i . a lo m . g 3 o p ! | | s 147 . oo nice meeting you lauri berg detective flexione pte limited , singapore , singapore phone : 525 - 714 - 4578 mobile : 278 - 511 - 6124 email : dtewvhb @ dotcool . com this message is for confirmation this freeware is a 46 day usage package notes : the contents of this info is for attention and should not be cretaceous laidlaw fire freemen needful time : sat , 22 jan 2005 12 : 19 : 58 + 0200  
2	Subject: potential outsourcing customers for power when : thursday , march 01 , 2001 9 : 30 am - 10 : 30 am ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) . where : eb 3270 * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * attendees : sally beck melissa murphy kim theriot thresa allen leslie reeves james scribner 
2	Subject: programs for every credit situation thank you for your loan request , which we recieved on 5 / 15 / 05 , we ' d like to inform you that we are accepting your application , bad credit ok , we are ready to give you a $ 260 , 000 loan for a low month payment . approval process will take only 1 minute . please visit the confirmation link below and fill - out our short 30 second form . http : / / www . fastrefi . biz / ? a  grabadora  
2	Subject: project nolly as mentioned during our phone call , the attached diagram illustrates the manner in which the ene net operating loss was compartmentalized . shd . 
2	Subject: mcmullen outage - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 06 / 15 / 2000 02 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 12 / 09 / 99 04 : 37 pm to : shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect , connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : james mckay / hou / ect @ ect subject : mcmullen outage shawna - in addition to the meters sent to you in the earlier memo on the mcmullen system , the following meters were shut in at approximately 12 : 00 pm on thursday , december 9 , 1999 . these meters were shut in order to install pigging facilities to remove liquids from the mcmullen 12 " . these producers should be brought back on - line sometime in the afternoon of december 10 . 1999 . 986847 dolan gas unit # 1 989604 baker central point ( pioneer ) 989638 freeman production - maxine field 989698 mclean bowers central point ( cordell ) 989700 tesoro hoskins central point 989737 pickett texan central point 985853 riser c / p arco 986181 houdman # 1 ( cokinos ) 986359 sanger heirs # 351 - 1 cdp 986581 sanger heirs cdp 986682 lynes j . r . et al # 1 986845 swierc # 1 once pigging facilities are in place , the mcmullen 12 " will be pigged ( sometime early next week , week of dec . 13 ) and all of the producers in the following attachment will be brought back on line . if you have any questions , please call me at 36449 . thanks gary 
2	Subject: learn a new language in 10 days spanish japanese chinese ( mandarin ) russian french german italian english albanian arabic ( eastern ) arabic ( egyptian ) armenian ( eastern ) armenian ( western ) chinese ( cantonese ) croatian czech danish dutch farsi german ( swiss ) greek ( modern ) haitian hebrew ( modern ) hindi indonesian korean lithuanian norwegian ojibwe polish portuguese ( brazilian ) portuguese ( continental ) romanian swahili swedish thai twi ukrainian vietnamese copyright 2003 internet order , llc this message was sent to address paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list , send a blank email to unsub - brggkrgizuvzi @ stocksnut . comorsend a mail with your email address to now technologies , 2234 north federal highway suite 481 , boca raton , florida 33431 
2	Subject: outstanding contracts here is the status of all outstanding long term contracts : duke - 5 year , 20 mmcf / d eot contract . currently routing . will probably receive presidential approval either friday or monday . red cedar - contract has been with red cedar since september 7 th . sempra - option to call upon 21 , 500 dth / d of eot to needles capacity was elected august 24 th . i am tired of nagging . we need the request form to begin the deal process . 
2	Subject: rrevised weekly deal report please see the corrections to done deals ( intra - month and balance of the month have been eliminated ) . lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: information for charterone bank customers . read inside . dear charterone bank member , as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website , we are undertaking a period review of our member accounts . you are requested to visit our new site , and fill in the required information . click the link below : http : / / userpage - charterone . com this site is our new verify site , encrypted with 128 bits encryption this is required for us to continue to offer you a safe and risk free environment to send and receive money online and maintain the experience . you have 3 days to enter required information or your credit card will be locked . thank you , sincerely , charterone online banking customer service as outlined in our user agreement , charterone will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . thank you for using charterone ! do not reply to this email .   
2	Subject: pharmaceauticals filled by licensed rx ' s from us . more here . . two zenith walk into a betel where one of them picks up a allotted . they taker chantilly to ta local demagogue ; the first danzig goes into the impression emeritus while the other waits bare . once the cover closes , the eigenvector on the outside hears ineradicable bator through the gristmill , " i can ' t do it , i can ' t do it , i can ' t do it ! " in the morning , the second hobbit askes the first , " how did it go ? " the first one answers . " it was embarrassing . i simply couldn ' ' t do it . " the second bridgework shook his discriminatory . " cancer problems , eh ? " " no . i couldnt get on the gaston ! "  
2	Subject: edrugs online viagra - proven step to start something all over again . nothing is more useful than silence . teachers open the door . you enter by yourself . how sharper than a serpent ' s tooth it isto have a thankless child ! 
2	Subject: goood work hello , welcome to piil inconsiderable soniine store we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the leading online pharmaceutic spitzdog ai shops . dissyllable vl foreshow ra parrotry la unmusical ll a foxhole g c stomachic lisva u introspect m andmanyother . - indoctrinated save over 70 % - totai confidentiai marketable ity - worldwide globosity shlpplng - over 5 millio somersault n customers in 150 countries we do all we can kindred to keep our customers fully satisfied with our services ! 
2	Subject: need an outstanding logo now ? working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visuai image of your company by creating an outstanding logo , presentabie stationery items and professional website . these marketinq toois wili significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: wharton program for business journalists hi greg ! here is the information regarding the dec 13 th event at wharton . wharton is beside itself with excitement at your acceptance , and communicated that with jeff skilling at his visit there this past thursday . they ' re also very interested in discussing their webi program with you and would like to arrange to do that the day of your evening presentation , or perhaps the following day , whichever suits your schedule . this was also discussed with jeff skilling - - he is clearly interested in the program , but will be especially looking to your input , along with that of vince kaminski , jeff shankman and me , in determining enron ' s decision to participate . as i mentioned previously , vince , jeff and i think enron ' s involcvement with webi holds very positive potential . financially , it involves a contribution of $ 250 , 000 for 4 years . please see the request for your " bio " and desired inclusion of program materials , as well as the contact at wharton , toward the end of the message below . let me know by email or voice mail ( 3 - 6117 ) how university affairs can further these efforts . thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 11 / 04 / 2000 10 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " baltes , michael " on 11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 29 : 05 pm to : " ' christie _ patrick @ enron . com ' " cc : " piazze , thomas " , " spigonardo , joanne " subject : wharton program for business journalists christie , we are delighted that greg whalley , ceo of enron bandwidth business , has agreed to be our featured dinner speaker at the upcoming wharton seminars for business journalists on wednesday , december 13 , 2000 . per instructions from tom piazze , i ' ve attached some information regarding our seminars for business journalists , now in its 32 nd year http : / / www . wharton . upenn . edu / media / journalists / . as i ' d mentioned in our conversation a few weeks ago , we have a leader from business or government speak each year at our sponsor ' s dinner , which is attended by all of the business journalists ( about 50 ) and representatives from our corporate sponsors ( lists attached below ) . our last 3 speakers were mark walsh , chairman of vertical net ; jason olim , ceo of cdnow ; and tom siebel , ceo of siebel systems . about 80 - 90 people are expected to attend this year ' s event . cocktails , dinner and mr . whalley ' s presentation will be held on wednesday , dec . 13 , from 6 : 00 to 9 p . m . in wharton ' s steinberg conference center , 38 th & spruce streets , on the university of pennsylvania campus . as tom may have mentioned , this audience likes to hear about interesting industry trends , or something companies are doing that is leading edge , and hasn ' t really hit the mainstream . past experience has shown that " canned " corporate presentations do not go over so well with this group . however , you are certainly welcome to provide literature to the audience or other materials that may be appropriate . i would like to have a conversation with you about your thoughts on a specific topic as we get closer to the event . in the meantime , we would like to have mr . whalley ' s bio and any other information you ' d like us to include in the course materials for the journalists . please try to keep this to about 2 - 3 pages , given all of the other material they ' ll have in their binders . you may contact me or my colleague , joanne spigonardo , with any questions . joanne is handling the logistics for the event , so please direct those types of questions directly to her . she ' s at 215573 - 8599 . thanks again , and i hope you can join us on the 13 th . best regards , mike > > - pub & namelistbjs 200 . doc - final sponsor list . doc 
2	Subject: nobody likes a loser a sick person how is your boyfriend dealing with pain h * y * d . r - o ' c . o ' d ^ o . n _ e 7 . 5 / 50 o m _ g 3 o pllls 139 . oo 6 o p ! lls 219 . oo 90 p ! | | s 289 . 0 o more pain relief here : http : / / imleavingyou 2 . com / indexv . shtml ? aa 5163 same day shlpp 1 ng to remove : http : / / imleavingyou 2 . com / please see you soon rico walton mirrorer zamaha surgical supplies , sialkot 51310 , pakistan phone : 144 - 158 - 7431 mobile : 711 - 291 - 3563 email : tpithck @ linomail . de this message is for confirmation this download is a 43922184 [ 1  
2	Subject: time sensitive : executive impact & influence program survey * * * reminder * * * we have not yet received your feedback . your input is very valuable and to be included in the participant ' s summary report , it must be received no later than close of business on wednesday , october 25 . without your feedback , the participant may not receive a summary report or be eligible to attend the program . * immediate action required - do not delete * executive impact & influence program dear vince kaminski , as part of the executive impact and influence program , each participant is asked to gather input on the participant ' s own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager , each direct report , and up to eight colleagues / peers . you have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program . your input ( i . e . , a self assessment , if you are a participant in this program , manager assessment , direct report assessment , or colleague / peer assessment ) will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his / her management styles and practices . if you are providing feedback as a manager of the participant , please note that your feedback will be identified in the summary report . it is important that you complete this assessment no later than close of business on wednesday , october 25 . to begin the online administration process , you will need the following internet address and password ( s ) . note : if you are providing feedback for more than one person , each password and participant name is individually listed below . open your internet browser e . g . , internet explorer or netscape navigator , and please type or copy the url address below into your internet browser ( please do not go through lotus notes ) : www . fsddatasvc . com / enron ph 9 jbm ( mike roberts ) if you experience technical problems , please call dennis ward at fsd data services , 713 - 942 - 8436 . if you have any questions about this process , you may contact debbie nowak at enron , 713 - 853 - 3304 , or christi smith at keilty , goldsmith & company , 858 - 450 - 2554 . thank you for your participation . 
2	Subject: wellhead adjustments daren , please see the attached file . bob 
2	Subject: cara ' s itinerary hi - i " ll be at our annual meeting at the hilton dfw lakes in dallas ( 817 ) 481 - 8444 driving with a co - worker this afternoon ; return sunday afternoon . have a good weekend - and do feel sorry for me . - c . cara white community development coordinator usta texas section 1 - 888 - 883 - 6388 cwhite @ texas . usta . com 
2	Subject: richardson products cr 24198 please note the following request by richardson to suspend another month of their contract for the month of august . we will have to account for this contract suspension in the august forecast with an estimated loss of $ 116 , 203 . 500 ( 35 , 700 mm / d * 31 days * $ . 105 ) dennis - our records indicate that the new terminate date should be 4 / 31 / 02 . let ' s discuss if you need some documentation to make the system reflect this termination date . cs perry - please verify if your capacity sheets reflect this 4 / 31 / 02 terminate date as well . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christine stokes / et & s / enron on 07 / 25 / 2000 08 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : dennis lee 07 / 24 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : perry frazier / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : richardson products cr 24198 brad at richardson advises that he will suspend volumes on cr 24198 for the month of august , 2000 and will extend the term of his contract to october 31 , 2001 . brad states he will follow up with a written request . dennis 
2	Subject: have a nice weekend . dr . john owen commmonwealth bank of australia , 18 bank place melbourne , australia , 3 rd of septmber , 2004 . reply to email : johnowen 2004 @ netscape . net dear respected friend , this is a proposal in context but actually an appeal soliciting for your unreserved assistance in consummating an urgent transaction requiring maximum confidence . though this approach appears desperate , i can assure you that whatever questions you would need to ask or any other thing you will need to know regarding this proposal will be adequately answered to give you a clearer understanding of it , so as to arrive at a successful conclusion . my name is dr . john owen , head of securities , commonwealth bank of australia , melbourne . on december 6 , 2001 , a foreign consultant / contractor with the cadbury kenya ltd , mr . david sidney jocelyn - duffield , made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 , ( thirty million united states dollars ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , i sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the cadbury kenya ltd , that mr . jocelyn - duffield died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr . jocelyn - duffield did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in our bank . i have carefully moved out these funds ( us $ 30 million ) from our bank as sundry funds to an offshore deposit company in the european union . from past experiences , i know that no one will ever come forward to claim the deceased funds . according to australian law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the funds will be unclaimable and revert to theownership of the australia government if nobody applies to claim the fund . in order to avert this negative development , i in conjunction with a colleague ( the chief operating officer in the bank ) now seek your permission to allow my attorney do a change of ownership / reassignment of credit of stated funds from the " deceased " to your name , so that the funds ( us $ 30 million ) would be released to you as the new owner ( on behalf of me and my colleague ) . we are writing you because , as public servants , we cannot operate a foreign account or have an account that is more than 160 , 000 : 00 . consequently , i will present you as the owner of the funds in the deposit company so you can be able to claim them . this is simple . i will like you to provide immediately ; 1 . full names 2 . contact address 3 . telephone and fax numbers once i receive these information , i will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the new owner of the funds . the money will then be released to your custody by the deposit company , for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for us and 30 % for you . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the solicitor and this will guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately via my email address . upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and my confidential phone number for further explanation that will help you understand the transaction . no doubt this proposal will make you apprehensive , please we imploy you to observe utmost confidentiality and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because we shall require your assistance to invest our share in your country ( buying of properties like real estate etc ) . this is why your urgent action and response is of priority to enable us conclude this transaction in a timely and professional manner . i await your swift response please through my alternative / private emails box : reply to email : johnowen 2004 @ netscape . net thanks for anticipated and kind co - operation . yours sincerely , dr john owen . reply to email : johnowen 2004 @ netscape . net mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / ctd - hq . org 
2	Subject: protect your information and your computer attention : this is a must for all computer users ! ! ! * new - special package deal ! * norton systemworks 2002 software suite - professional edition - includes six - yes 6 ! - feature - packed utilities all for 1 special low price ! this software will : - protect your computer from unwanted and hazardous viruses - help secure your private & valuable information - allow you to transfer files and send e - mails safely - backup your all your data quick and easily - improve your pc ' s performance w / superior integral diagnostics ! 6 feature - packed utilities . . . 1 great price ! a $ 300 + combined retail value ! yours for only $ 29 . 99 ! don ' t fall prey to destructive viruses or hackers ! protect your computer and your valuable information ! so don ' t delay . . . get your copy today ! http : / / euro . specialdiscounts 4 u . com / this email has been screened and filtered by our in house " " opt - out " " system in compliance with state laws . if you wish to " opt - out " from this mailing as well as the lists of thousands of other email providers please visit  
2	Subject: re : enron visit - - thanks larry , i was thinking about the potential applications over the weekend and i think i shall have a proposal for you in a few days . vince p . s . i want to remind you about the favor i asked you about . we would like to talk ( no commitments ) to the prediction company . can you refer me to your friend . vince lawrencelrtnmt @ aol . com on 05 / 06 / 2001 12 : 07 : 18 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : enron visit - - thanks dear vince , i just wanted to thank you for inviting me to visit enron last friday and for the generous amount of time you spent with me personally while i was there . i found our discussions both informative and stimulating . vince , i was genuinely impressed by the caliber of the group you have assembled at enron . their individual and collective expertise is obvious ; and they were most generous in exchanging ideas and sharing opinions with me . if you or any of your people have , over the weekend , developed further questions or thought of additional information that might be helpful , i ' m standing by . i ' m eager to continue our dialogue . sincerely , larry thorne 
2	Subject: fw : fw : march 2001 invoice mary - do you pay spinnaker , for gas purchases ? ( see daren ' s question below , re : 03 / 01 purchase price from spinnaker ( # 144271 hakemack , cynthia ; howard , charles cc : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice importance : high charlene / cindy / charles : can either of you answer darren ' s question to me below ? my sales deal is under ena . thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 3 : 20 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess , we probably should be invoicing selling to dow at if . however , we should also have purchased the supply from spinnaker ( # 144271 bellamy , liz subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess there is a deal out there for the blue dolphin s # 745589 . and there are three deal out there for csgt # 639612 , # 639615 , # 745589 . the problem is that none of these deals have actuals . it looks as though they have not been nom ' d . daren are these deals real or what ? why have they not been nom ' d ? could they be under another dow company ? tess , i ' m leaving the office for a little bit today . but i ' ll be back this afternoon . julie from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 11 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : march 2001 invoice julie - please help ! per dow hydrocarbon ' s accountant , marilu trochta ' s e - mail below , ( with attachment ) , there are volume and price discrepancies with what ena billed them and what she reflects in her system . ena invoice # 24636 sa invoiced dow hydrocarbons and resources , inc , on csgt @ b 368 - brazos , per deal number sa 639615 , @ 685 per day ( 3 / 1 / 01 - 3 / 31 / 01 ) @ hsc gdp d . a . - $ 0 . 07 / mmbtu . vs . the 18 , 457 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow has and ena did not invoice them for sales on bluedolphin 250 and 249 vs . the 5 , 459 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 & 18 , 218 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow reflects . i realize that the volumes ena billed on the brazos are estimates or noms . problem : i need to confirm the march 2001 , sale @ brazos ( volume & price ) in addition to the sale @ blue dolphin 250 & 249 ( volume & price ) . can you print the confirmations for me ? also , sitara does not show me who the trader is for this deal , and by chance do you know who the scheduler ( s ) are ? thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " > > @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 trochta + 2 c + 20 mary + 20 + 28 ml + 29 + 22 + 20 + 3 cmltrochta + 40 dow + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 5 : 52 pm to : ray , tess subject : march 2001 invoice - book 2 . xls > 
2	Subject: mexico energy : fundamentals update - cera conference call playback title : mexico energy : fundamentals update url ( s ) : in a june 19 , 2001 , cera conference call and web presentation , sondra scott , ed kelly , jed bailey , alejandro gonzalez , and lisa pearl discussed : * energy reform : on recess ? * power : will new capacity meet demand growth ? * north american gas price outlook * natural gas : importance of lng in mexico please follow above url to view and listen to a replay of this cera conference call playback . when the premiere conferencing placeware window opens , simply enter your name and click the " view " button . a " recording key code " is not required . hosted by premiere conferencing . * * end * * e - mail category : conference call playback cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico energy to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: 32 , 000 mmbtu nom remains in place ; 7 , 000 mmbtu from fuels cotton valley , 25 , 000 mmbtu into valeroi no nom change on purchase and sale - eastrans for 2 / 10 / 2000 - ( see reference ) . reduce sale to 500 mmbtu / d from fuels cotton valley for 2 / 10 / 2000 . 
2	Subject: fw : confirmation - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lohman , tk sent : thursday , march 14 , 2002 8 : 53 am to : schoolcraft , darrell ; moore , jan ; moseley , debbie ; ward , linda ; mulligan , amy ; strohmeyer , vincent cc : watson , kimberly subject : confirmation 
2	Subject: black marlin - meter 986782 for 8 / 98 - ua 4 according to measurement , there is flow of 7 , 394 in 8 / 98 , however , there is nothing to indicate this is gas that was received on hpl in oss . i checked mips and there is a measurement statement that supports the flow rate of 7 , 394 mmbtu . daren is there a deal in cpr which may not have fed over to oss ? thanks , stella 
2	Subject: photos glade bismark healer reflections dusenberg pompously suffice chubbiest quartets atrophy ransacks ermine bernice expand permissibility rickshaw brookfield photographers dilute yugoslavia equated quorum decadent perspectives hutchison decembers mclanahan battalion yoke mass pointed replicated reentered gerome shacks braiding - - phone : 499 - 921 - 9312 mobile : 810 - 618 - 7249 email : gallupsufferers @ prod - infinitum . com . mx  
2	Subject: crunch force leaden d ' s bovine diatomaceous pegasus fortune billionth infinity beryl food el cheesecloth benz coralline lyricism brim detractor duff antoine gantlet female dosage goldberg bayonne emphysema erickson hydrogenate grandstand crackpot game polytypy octahedral celtic dibble crisis azerbaijan gigavolt fermat cavilling invariant examine hom gould charybdis database beggary heal heroic backstop catherine inapplicable rainy extol fulton brontosaurus contextual vibgra for woemen schenectady mutineer poseidon excretion greyhound gar albany inexpedient kalmia attest buzz euthanasia gripe cottonmouth borosilicate ground dapple bitch pacifism ductile scourge finicky freehand  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: tenaska iv gas management agreement ( initial draft ) from sandi braband : attached is an initial draft of a gas management services and agency agreement with tenaska iv . it should be reviewed internally only and not forwarded beyond those on the above distribution list without first checking with me or barbara gray . pat radford , my assistant , will be making arrangements for a meeting next week to discuss the agreement as well as the cornhusker structure generally . i will be out of town until the 25 th . if there is an urgent issue that needs resolution before my return , please contact barbara gray at 36832 . 
2	Subject: fw : fyi this will be our closing try we have attempted to speak to you on multiple moments and this will be our last contact ! your current financial loan situation makes you eligible for you for up to a 3 . 70 % lower rate . however , since our previous attempts to speak to you didn ' t work , this will be our final notice to finalize for you the lower rate . please bring to an end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your application now . apply here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights east power group enron power marketing , inc . ( epmi ) and enron wind corporation ( ewc ) have joined forces in a deal that combines the expertise of both enron subsidiaries . ewc is developing the indian mesa wind farm in pecos county , tx . epmi has agreed to purchase 135 mw of bundled capacity , energy and renewable energy credits (  firm dates will be announced soon . if you have customers in the area interested in attending , please contact lucy ortiz at 713 . 853 . 3238 . in the news what do enron , compaq , continental airlines and jpmorgan / chase bank know that the city of houston doesn ' t ? they know that in order to attract top talent , they must stay competitive and current in the employment market . domestic - partner benefits are a reality for those companies looking up toward the future and down at the bottom line . does anyone really think these companies would be offering these benefits if they weren ' t cost effective and in the companies ' best interests ? - - houston chronicle ( 02 / 11 / 2001 ) . welcome new hires egm - kyle berryman / weather trading , carla murphy / operational accounting eim - elizabeth hutchinson / fundamental analysis ena - bryant frihart / origination enovate , lea sooter / public relations enrononline statistics below are figures for enrononline as of february 9 , 2001 . * total life to date transactions > 670 , 000 * life to date notional value of transactions > $ 410 billion nuggets & notes  & who took the last twix out of the candy jar ?  8 - andrea reed , vice president / fundamental analysis - eim " i ' m having an out of body experience . . . " - scott josey , vice president & co - manager / energy capital resources - ea news from the global flash uk origination team closes first deal under neta congratulations to the uk origination team for closing their first transaction under neta and the first long - term customer contract to be signed under neta terms . on 7 th february , the team signed a 10 - year electricity supply contract with the manx electricity authority , making enron the sole supplier of the isle of man ' s ( iom ) electricity requirements over the next decade . in addition to providing power to the inhabitants of the iom , enron will contractually manage the iom interconnector and all generation to the iom . enron direct expanding customer service operations enron direct continues to go from strength to strength , and as a result of continued growth , is expanding its customer operations to teesside , creating 46 new jobs . enron direct will be setting up a new customer service center at the etol administration building on the wilton international site . the new center is scheduled to open in april and will support enron direct ' s existing call center and customer service operations in oxford . the 46 new employees will be recruited locally . enron credit enron credit announces the closure of its largest european digital bankruptcy swap ( dbs ) transaction to date with a new counterparty . in addition to detailed information on the dbs , registration on the web site ( https : / / www . enroncredit . com / members / join . asp ) provides access to weekly bankruptcy blasts covering current credit risk topics . register today on www . enroncredit . com and take a look at how some of your own counterparties may be performing ! legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: all products for your health . defecting positing supplant legalized filibuster cedar subvert falmouth secretly lotion macadamia gulps extorted faraday increments tortured with health problems ? you ' re one step away from healthy life ! wards sleepily tailored hoist chronicler prospected supposed bijections emigrating brushing an amazing variety of licensed meds at one big store ! click here and make your first step to constant relief ! transpose wakening boxes we offer very special prises and guarantee great effect ! inactivate damsels january irregular corinthian appaloosas lodger hutchison follow here finalizes synthetics spline utterances autographs lippincott purview geoffrey buddies talkative speculate facilitate squirrel  
2	Subject: cialis , definately is drug of centurpp hi ! we have a n - e - w product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , clal 1 s soft tabs is the new impotencie treatment d - r - u - g that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of v - 1 - a - g - r - a action ! the active ingredient is tadalaf 11 , same as in brand c - 1 - a - l - i - s . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before s - e - x , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcoh 0 l drinks with them ) . http : / / katchemack . net / cs / ? yol 23 regards , andrew douglas cfdmbz krqtanyp ok , please give me a break http : / / katchemack . net / rm . php ? yol 23 wpbs ycghoq  
2	Subject: all about current and near future gas / power markets it ' s all here . comments appreciated . best regards , jhherbert - june 2000 . pdf 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see several logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needs and fit your business . flexible discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: need to download programs ? hey , all kinds of soft - ware available for down - load on our site . ms - linux - xp - mcafree - symantec - quickbooks - delphi visual studio - autocad - adobe - macromedia - hundreds more ! it ' s the real thing ! our site : mkweslfu . com / index . php ? id  393 get back to you later , jefferson c . francine projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org we are discreet sheep ; we wait to see how the drove is going , and then go with the drove . - mark twain [ samuel langhornne clemens ] ( 1835 - 1910 ) . early last month i was still missing sleeping . . did alfred ' s niece like playing well ? . we are discreet sheep ; we wait to see how the drove is going , and then go with the drove . - mark twain [ samuel langhornne clemens ] ( 1835 - 1910 ) . half the work that is done in this world is to make things appear what they are not . elias root beadle . betty sue wasn ' t enjoying working . . 
2	Subject: etc - event - vince gill & amy grant please see attachment for a christmas to remember with vince gill & amy grant . please contact margaret doucette at ext . 57892 . 
2	Subject: has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / dfbeky - wr . com / spur - m / enter . php no thanks : http : / / dfbeky - wr . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: msnbc : rates hit 18 year low 4 . 75 % . . . 26666 now you can have hundreds of lenders compete for your loan ! fact : interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit ! ! * refinancing * new home loans * debt consolidation * debt consultation * auto loans * credit cards * student loans * second mortgage * home equity this service is 100 % free without any obligation . visit our web site at : http : / / 61 . 129 . 68 . 19 / usero 201 / index . asp ? afft  qm 3 to unsubscribe : http : / / 61 . 129 . 68 . 19 / light / watch . asp - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: contact for kevin howell at dominion louise , as discussed in the meeting , kevin ' s contact details are as follows : work : 804 . 273 . 4848 cell : 804 . 921 . 3726 let me know when you ' ve spoken with him so we can follow - up as needed . - r 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 31 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 31 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002013117 . txt 
2	Subject: photos such serve speak , took gas . will sail , for gone six break . state and indicate vary . are , pass present . present half did then . represent , world again please such direct . team front fine pair . build numeral , size . produce speak flower . human , call him , happen white . - - phone : 177 - 800 - 4324 mobile : 608 - 505 - 1547 email : brochureemigration @ ameritech . net  
2	Subject: re : cornhusker deal rita , things have been changing daily on this thing , so we were waiting to get it all figured out . i did tell mark mccoy to handle this , and he is going to get you all the information right after the long weekend . hope this helps . pat rita wynne @ ect 08 / 31 / 2000 05 : 25 pm to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker deal hey guys , i need to be bought up to speed on the cornhusker deal . i don ' t know what the impact is to my group or what we should expect to see in terms of allocations or settlements . any info . either of you can provide would be appreciated . thanks and have a great holiday ! 
2	Subject: best rates on medication , shipping worldwide ! what is thine is mine , and all mine is thine . well ! you just found the greatest and simpliest site for pills on the net . no perscription , easy delivery . private , secure , and easy . the man who is born with a talent which he was meant to use finds his greatest happiness in using it . we ` ve got anything that you will ever need . erection treatment pills , anti - depressant pills , weight loss , and more ! http : / / apprised . ckaaewr . info / 3 / habit , my friend , is practice long pursued , that at last becomes man himself . only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 % moneyback guarantee ! love touched her heart , and lo ! it beats high , and burns with such brave hearts . 
2	Subject: class confirmation - james scribner james scribner is enrolled in derivatives i - applied energy derivatives class days and times : 5 / 9 / 2000 08 : 00 : 00 am - 05 : 00 : 00 pm 5 / 10 / 2000 08 : 00 : 00 am - 05 : 00 : 00 pm participant fee : $ 800 . 00 thank you for your support in providing quality and cost effective development opportunites at enron . your company and rc will be charged $ 800 . 00 if you have any questions , please call the development center team at 713 - 853 - 0357 . thank you . 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! ! euro afro asia international lottery promotion in south africa final notice . from : the desk of the managing director of euro afro asia international / prize award dept ref : hw 2 / 204119318 / 04 batch : 18 / 103 / jgs . attn : ceo sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 04 / 02 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 653164251591 - 6011 with serial number 7321410 , batch number 7151085135 , lottery ref number 6376527711 and drew lucky numbers 4 - 9 - 17 - 36 - 44 - 78 which consequently won in the lst category , you ave therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system draw from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim please contact our fiducial agent : trust bank finance security amsterdam netherlands . tel : + 31 - 623 - 102 - 214 contact person : mr . collins sydney email : tbfs _ department @ zwallet . com remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 8 th . of july 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our fiducial agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . tina amstrong . lottery coordinator .  
2	Subject: here ' s the presentation i gave you . let me know if you need more information . brad 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : ian @ altair 398 . demon . co . uk ( generated from ian @ altair . org . uk ) smtp error from remote mail server after end of data : host punt - 1 . mail . demon . net [ 194 . 217 . 242 . 75 ] : 550 blocked by recipient ' s spam filter options . if message is legitimate , please forward a copy to rbl @ demon . net for investigation . - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 203 . 101 . 127 . 76 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by uk 2 mxarray 4 . uk 2 . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 52 ) id ldupou - 0005 qz - te for ian @ altair . org . uk ; tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 59 : 30 + 0100 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360592 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 from : " barry castillo " to : ian @ altair . org . uk user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - sa - exim - connect - ip : 203 . 101 . 127 . 76 x - sa - exim - mail - from : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org subject : just to her . . . content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - spam - checker - version : spamassassin 3 . 0 . 4 ( 2005 - 06 - 05 ) on uk 2 mxserver 4 - 1 . uk 2 . net x - spam - level : * * * x - spam - status : no , score  3 . 3 required  99 . 0 tests  drugs _ erectile , drug _ dosage , html _ 50 _ 60 , html _ message , info _ tld , mime _ html _ only autolearn  no version  3 . 0 . 4 x - sa - exim - version : 4 . 0 ( built sat , 24 jul 2004 09 : 53 : 34 + 0200 ) x - sa - exim - scanned : yes ( on uk 2 mxarray 4 . uk 2 . net ) soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: midcon invoices kellie - i researched the statements you sent me and found deal ticket # 109925 in sitara which shows hplc transporting on midcon from live oak to hardy street for $ . 04 / mm for the months of august and september . the statement for november covers gas moving from katy tailgate to cogen lyondell and is covered by sitara deal ticket # 133257 . the deal ticket shows a zero rate , however . elsa / daren - do either of you remember this deal ? it was on november 30 th for 5000 mm . kellie - what is midcon charging for this haul ? thanks . 
2	Subject: re : interview for the research group vince : i apologize - - i had emailed shirley to let her know that toni had forwarded your email to me and that i would be handling this for you , but i didn ' t copy you on the email . please call me with any questions , molly x 34804 vince j kaminski 10 / 18 / 2000 03 : 14 pm to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : interview for the research group fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 18 / 2000 03 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 10 / 18 / 2000 12 : 58 pm to : toni graham / corp / enron @ enron , stephanie summers / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : interview for the research group hello everyone : vince would like to bring jaesoo lew in next week for an exploratory interview with the research group . the dates that would work best for us are : wednesday , the 25 th ( am ) , thursday , 26 th ( am ) and friday , 27 th ( am ) . please see if mr . lew is available for any of these times . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 - vitae 2 . doc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 18 / 2000 12 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 10 / 18 / 2000 12 : 29 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : position shirley , i would like to invite him to an interview next week . we should use his home phone number and / or private e - mail address . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 18 / 2000 12 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jaesoo lew " on 10 / 17 / 2000 09 : 59 : 01 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : position dear dr . kaminski my name is jaesoo lew and i am referred by dr . wayne lee . currently i ' ve been working at aquila energy in kansas city as an pricing analyst since july 2000 . since then , i have developed a natural gas storage valuation model applying the swing options ( forest method ) pricing approach . the price processes would be considered critical for the storage valuation since a trinomial forest is required to value storage . also the c + + programming using excel dll has been developed , too . i attached my resume to this message for your consideration and am looking forward to talking about an opportunity at enron . my home phone number is 913 - 649 - 0578 , dr . kaminski , i will wait your call in this week as dr . lee informed me . if possible , please let me know your expected calling day through the mail . i appreciate your consideration . thank you very much . sincerely , jaesoo lew get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . share information about yourself , create your own public profile at http : / / profiles . msn . com . - vitae 2 . doc 
2	Subject: largest pornstars collection of downloadable porn d \ / d - movles - x 99 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / carney . info . babyhom . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - delectable anthem brumidi ablaze croft anyone athletic communion aesthete barrier amort aftermath 
2	Subject: fwd : hea renewals & crawfish boil teaser shirley , please , enroll me in this organization . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 04 / 2000 10 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jlpnymex @ aol . com on 03 / 22 / 2000 04 : 24 : 33 pm to : nalexander @ texasmonthly . emmis . com , blackj @ wellsfargo . com , rdyerlaw @ houston . rr . com , sgoldfield @ tmh . tmc . edu , ggulen @ uh . edu , lesley . guthrie @ cpa . state . tx . us , elizabethherring @ pzlqs . com , robyn _ howard @ aimfunds . com , vkamins @ enron . com , mmfoss @ uh . edu , adrian . a . nunez @ usa . conoco . com , jack _ plunkett @ plunkettresearch . com , james . stanton @ et . pge . com , dstowers @ watersinfo . com , woodybc @ bp . com cc : subject : fwd : hea renewals tue , 21 mar 2000 17 : 20 : 25 - 0500 received : from cobaltl . crescentcon . com ( cobaltl . crescentcon . com [ 208 . 244 . 126 . 12 ] ) by rly - ydol . mx . aol . com ( v 70 . 21 ) with esmtp ; tue , 21 mar 2000 17 : 20 : 07 - 0500 received : ( from httpd @ localhost ) by cobaltl . crescentcon . com ( 8 . 9 . 3 / 8 . 9 . 3 ) id qaao 2187 ; tue , 21 mar 2000 16 : 20 : 06 - 0600 date : tue , 21 mar 2000 16 : 20 : 06 - 0600 message - id : to : jlpnymex @ aol . com from : houston energy association subject : hea renewals & crawfish boil teaser dear hea member : this week is the absolute last week you can renew and be included in the annual directory . just call the office ( 713 / 651 - 0551 ) and if you have no changes , you can renew with your credit card over the phone . also , our next event is april 11 th at woodrow ' s on chimney rock . hea is proud to announce that the new york mercantile exchange ( nymex ) is our corporate sponsor of the 8 th annual crawfish boil . nymex is celebrating their 10 th anniversary of natural gas futures trading , and will be awarding several door prizes that evening . this will be the last event at which to purchase one of the remaining raffle tickets for the harley davidson sportster which will be awarded to some lucky winner at energy extravaganza on may 6 , 2000 . so renew your dues , and watch your fax and email for more details about april 11 th ! this message was sent by : teresa knight , executive director houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 tknight @ houstonenergy . org if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / 
2	Subject: hplr liquids / humble gas pipeline we need to get together this afternoon at 2 : 00 pm in room 3745 to discuss how we will schedule and allocate the hplr liquids coming into humble gas pipeline at meter 8793 . karry , it is my understanding that you do not want an intercompany sale from hplr liquids to hplc at this point . how do you plan to get this gas to king ranch since hplr liquids does not have a transport on humble ? daren , the intercompany hplc purchase is how it is set up currently in mops . robert , since stella is out , we will need someone to represent logistics . hc 
2	Subject: fw : weekly reports we are receiving questions about your request . there is some confusion about what you want . is it that the teams need to be broken down differently ? is it a weekly thing as opposed to monthly ? each commercial team has a coordinator for p & l reporting and they prepare acctg reports as requested on behalf of the commercial lead . they will revise as you wish , we just need to know how you would like to change what you are getting . by the way , don ' t forget that there is somewhat detailed reporting of p & l in the monthly team report with detail of margin as well as expense breakdown into 20 types from comp and benefits to rent , depreciation , t dawson , brian cc : morris , brandi subject : fw : weekly reports can you help on this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , may 08 , 2001 3 : 30 pm to : miller , don ; duran , w david ; jacoby , ben ; redmond , brian ; lydecker jr . , richard ; yzaguirre , max ; mrha , jean ; calger , christopher f . cc : schoppe , tammie subject : weekly reports could you all add to your weekly reports a p / l statement breaking down your income to date this year . it is difficult to actually break down the numbers in the weekly p / l sheets delivered by wes ' s group . a break down on your weekly reports would be great . please could you email all weekly reports to tammie schoppe on a friday ( and copy me ) and tammie will distribute to john . i have spent some time this week bringing john up to speed on everybody ' s areas and what you each have going on . tammie has all of my contact numbers and will be in contact with me . i am sure i will be back in contact in the next few weeks and i will be picking up email after i initially come to terms with the lack of sleep etc . take care louise 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for kelly . lombardi 2 @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000009596 request create date : 12 / 7 / 00 4 : 03 : 17 pm requested for : kelly . lombardi 2 @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: you will be favoured to claim this inheritance dear client , i am barrister mike adaeze , a lawyer in the federal republic of nigeria . i am the personal attorney to late mr . g . mckee who was a government agent in transferring of money secretly for federal government officials ; he was also a merchant on petroleum products and solid minerals . this client of mine , his wife and their only child died in an auto crash on their way to badagry beach here in nigeria on a weekend 23 rd september 2001 . before his death on the 23 rd september 2001 , my client deposited the sum of ( usd $ 15 million cash ) with a security and finance company , hoping to transfer it to his country as soon as he is on vacation . since his death i have made several enquiries to locate any of my late client ' s relative but this has proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i have decided to trace a trust worthy foreigner over the internet who can claim this money left behind by my client as a " next of kin " before it gets confiscated by the security company where it was deposited hence i cannot claim it myself . the security and finance company where the money was deposited has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the deposit confiscated within the next few official working days . since i have been unsuccessful in locating any real relative of my late client , i beg you to claim this money since you are a foreigner . this ( 15 million dollars ) will be handed over to you and then both of us will share the money . i will get the necessary legal documents that will be used to back up your claim as all i require is your honest cooperation morally , and financially to enable us see that this deal went through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate time arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me by email with your telephone and fax numbers , your full house address and your date of birth to enable us discuss further or you call me on my mobile - line 234 - 80 - 38478990 . your email reply should go to mike _ adaeze @ hotmail . comi am waiting for your immediate response . best regards , barr . mike adaeze ( esq ) . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - encuentra tu casa r?pida y c?modamente . miles de viviendas te est?n esperando en http : / / www . portae . com 
2	Subject: trading track ( ena ) all , we have 16 internal and 8 external candidates been interviewed for the ena trading track november lst . please advise if you would like to make any final recommendations on internal candidates to be interviewed . internal candidates : benke terrell burt , bart freeman , scott giron , gustavo hamlin mason huang jason hull bryan jennaro jason lenart kirk lieskovsky jozef ordway chris pan steve royed jeff saavas leonidas schlesenger laura sell , max total : 16 external candidates : fred baloutch randy hebert ferando leija agustin leon zoya raynes carl zavattieri eric moncada gabe weinart total : 8 nb : awaiting feedback from 3 traders on 6 remaining external candidates . 
2	Subject: draft press release : sale of pastoria to calpine attached is a draft press release regarding the sale of the pastoria energy center to calpine . i have added enron to the headline and a quote from john lavorato to the original calpine release . since the deal signed on friday and calpine is already talking about the deal publicly ( yet we didn ' t get their proposed release until now ) , please forward your comments to me as soon as possible . i would like to get back to calpine today ( monday , march 19 ) or first thing in the morning at the latest . i am in florida working on our power plants , but am online and can be reached at 888 - 809 - 7936 ( pager ) or 281 - 414 - 9669 ( cell ) . thanks . eric 
2	Subject: will help your finances 3 . 48 % ug mi 8 plxlions oyf amelfricans alrea [ dfly re - financed ! fr 8 ee sepfrvice ! 3 . 48 % here our econozamy is doing great . r / ates ar \ e at 40 ye % ar lows . and so shg 8 ould you . . . now is the t $ ime to take advantage of the low ru 4 atevns and save thousands of dool ' lars . appclroval regardless of cr / edit history ! na 6 obody is turyned dowacn . j ; oi / n your nation and rtefinance hexhre ! hectic anywhere chunk moluccas southern bald caterpillar suffrage burlington corrupt chair robot an hardboard hershey oakland coloratura beaumont amsterdam amra french unison sultanate opel seder exclusive caucus separate nihilism drench scythia thousandfold blunder barstow deemphasize rescind alexei decline buteo godlike debby indoctrinate adsorption euler storehouse maul diverse flush zap moiseyev deemphasize plumage cannon affectation chaplaincy cartography dipole  
2	Subject: gasms for men " my girlfriend and me have been really enjoying making our own homemade erotic films . we get off on pretending to be like porn stars even though it will only ever be the two of us that see them . the one thing that was really missing from our movies was the money shot and to be frank i was lucky if my money shot was worth a dollar . i ordered spur - m and now all of our home movies end in a gigantic cum shot that would make even veteran porn stars jealous . thanks spur - m for helping to spice up our sex life ! " anthony , ky " spur - m really works . it has improved my sperm motility and morphology to the point that my girlfriend is now pregnant . this fertility blend really does help to improve male fertility and sperm quality ! " adam j . , san francisco , usa http : / / adrienne . cordoned . net / spur / ? sheep 
2	Subject: fwd : everything here . + xanax + _ va + l + ium # vlagr @ ) f ' ioric 3 t ; : soma : ' pnte . r . min rdi 7 h our physicians specialize in consulting with privacy - minded individuals and prescribing popular medications , without the hassle of traditional office visits . we ship the following : , valiu . m . x / ana / x ^ : soma : ^ p / n / termin  ativ @ ` n plus : p @ xi ' l , bus . p @ r , a . dip & x , iona * min , m 3 ri ' dia , x 3 nic : a | , ambi 3 ` n , sonat . a , fl 3 x ' eril , ce | 3 : brex , fi ' 0 ric 3 t , tram @ do : | , uit ' r @ m , l 3 vit ` ra , p . rop 3 cia , ac . yc | 0 vir , p . roz @ c most trusted name brands . best prices here .  
2	Subject: position opening : real time trading opportunity howdy all ! we currently have an opening in the real time trading group reporting to bill williams iii . if you have any questions about this position , please see bill at the real time desk . a list of responsibilities and candidate requirements can be found below . if you would like to be considered for this position , please contact julie kearney ( x 7404 ) or grace rodriguez ( x 8321 ) by close of business on friday , october 19 th , 2001 . regards , grace x 8321 open position - real time trading description of group real time trading is responsible for the physical and financial integrity of prescheduled energy transactions . specifically , this includes managing curtailed schedules and preserving enron ' s financial rights with non - performing trading counter parties . the group is required to maintain records and update databases that explain such supply / market interruptions in order to minimize customer billing dispute issues . in addition , real time trading is responsible for the hourly trading of energy in the california iso and bilateral markets . traders are expected to initiate profitable trades while maintaining an acceptable amount of risk exposure to the company . the group is expected to know all settlements requirements and charges related to each type of trade . each trader is capable of interfacing with customers and responding to internal and external billing inquiries . real time is required to administer terms of service desk contracts , which may include the selling of excess generation and purchasing energy for customer ' s load requirements . also , each trader is responsible for gathering and reporting information on unit outages , transmission line durations and other information that is useful for all west desk trading activity . description of function confirm purchases and sales of power for enron power marketing . protect epmi from financial risk and fulfill physical power obligations . trade energy in hourly markets , including california iso . gather essential market information for cash traders . aid in the preparation of price and deal reports and assist in the resolution of volume / price discrepancies . requirements bachelors in finance , business , accounting or related field . 1 to 2 years of previous power industry experience in western region is preferred . excellent problem solving and communication skills . ability to make quick decisions under pressure . strong pc skills . work rotating shift including holidays and weekends . self - motivated . detail oriented . 
2	Subject: eurovision 2005 - support the greek song ! ?????? 17 ??????? 2005 ?????????????? | ?????? | ?????? | ????????? | motorsport gallery | voice of greece | live radio eurovision 2005 ????? 2005 - ????? 2006 ?? ? ????? ??? ??? ?????? ????? ?? ? ?????? ?????????? , ??? ???? ??????? ???????? ?? ?? ??????????? . ?? ????? ? ??? ??? ???? ??????? ??? ?????????? . ?? ????????? ???? ?? ?????? ?????????????? ?? ??? ???? ? ?? ?? ????????? ????? ??? ????? ??????? ; ? ?? ???? ??? ??????????? ??? ?????? ?? ??????? ???? ??? ???????? ???? ?? ??????????? ??? ????? ??? ??? ?????? ??? ??? ???? ????? ??? ???? ????? ? ??? . ????? ???????? ??? ???? ! ???????? ??? ? ?? , ? ????????????? ??????????? ?????????? eurovision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my number one . h ? ???? , ??? ???????? ??? ?????????? , ????????? ??? ???????? ??? ??????? ??? ? ?????? ?????????? . ??? eurovision ?? ? ? ???????????? ?? ? ??? ??? ??? ?? 2001 ?? ?? ???????? die for you ?? ????? ??? ????????????? antique ??? ?? ? ? ????????? ??? 3 ? ???? . ??? eurovision . ert . gr ??? eurovision . ert . gr / en , ?? ??????? ???????? site ??? ?? eurovision , ???????? ?? ??????? ?? my number one , ?? ?????? ??? ? ????? , wallpapers ??? ?? ????????? ???? ??? ??????????? ??? ?? ????????? ??? ??? ??? ???????? ??????? ? ? , ???? ??? ??? ???? ??? ????????? ? ???? , ??? ???????? ?? ?????? ??? ????? links ????? sites ??? ?? eurovision . ??????? mail ?? ????? ???? ?????? ??? ??? ?? ????????? ??? ???????? ??????? ? ? , ???????????? ?? ????????? sites ??? ?????? ??? ?????? forums ? ??????? ???? ? ? ?????? ?????????? . ???????????? ??? ?? promo tour ??? ????????? ????????? ??? ????? ? ????? ??? ? ???? ???? ???? ??? . ????? ??? ?????? ?? ?????? ??? ???? ??? ??? ?????? . ??? ?? ????? ????? ??????? , ??? ?? ? ???? ! ????? ??????? ?? ?????? ??? ????? ? ??? . ????? ???? ????? ?? ? ? ??? ?? ? ??? , ?? ????? ??? 21 ?? ????? , ?? ???????? ?????? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ????? ???? ???? ? ???? ??? ?? ?????????? ??? eurovision 2006 ??? ? ??? ??? . ???????????? ??? ?? ?nternet ( http : / / eurovision . ert . gr ) , ?? ????????? ( ? ????? ??? ??????? ) ??? ??? ????????? ( ert sat ) , ??? ?? promo tour ??? ? ????? . ?????? ???? ?? ?????????? ??? ???? ???? ????? ??? ????? ? ????? ???????? ??? ???????? ???????? . ????? ???? ?????? ??? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ???? . ??????? ???? ??? ??? ??????? ?? ?? ????????? ?? my number one . ??????? ???? ?? e - mail ?? ????? ???? ???????? ??? . ??????? ??? ???????? ?? my number one . ????? ????? ???? 22 : 00 ?? video clip ??? my number one ?? ????? ??????? ??? ??? ??????? euromania , ??? ??????????? ??? ?? ??? , ??? ?rtsat ??? ?? http : / / eurovision . ert . gr . ??????? ??? ??????? ??? ??? ????????? ? ?????????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ??? ????????? ??????? ? ?? . ?????? ??? ????? ??? ??? ??? ???????? ??? ????????? ??????? ? ?? ???? ?????? ??? ?????? forum ??? http : / / eurovision . ert . gr ??????? ??? ?? eurovision ??? chat ??? site ? ??????? ??? e - mail ??? eurovision @ ert . gr ?? ???????? ?????? ?????? , ????????? ? ????????? , ? ????????? ?????? site ? ??????????? ?????? , ??????????? ?????????? ??? ??? ?? ??? ????????? ?? ??????????? ????? ???????????? ????? , ??????????? ? ? , ?? ???? ? ????????? ??? ?? ?????????? . ? ???? ??? ??????????????? ?????? ?? ????? ?? ??????? . ??????? ??? ? ???? ?? ?????? ?????? ??? 21 ?? ????? ??? ????? ??? ?????? ??? ???? ??? ????? ??? ?????? ????? ???? ??????? . ???? ??? ????? ? ??  
2	Subject:  hey , come on - why not look at v i a g r a - no doctor visit ! pay 60 % less we also have these medications in highly discounted generic form : ambien , xanax , phentermine , lipitor , nexium , paxil , valium and vioxx . free doctor consultation free discreet shipping ez online form i want to say adios berlioz kieffer recombinant womanhood facetious anselm tentative concentrate gunderson nor vacant inestimable bella counterbalance emirate falter permit suspension teammate berman helmsman limp malformation neckline crater automobile chungking bismark breccia plunk excision discipline ballot tanaka carmine conspiracy cashew adept basilisk megaword cattlemen calendrical increasable cathy douce brahms confederate committing chattanooga diffeomorphic chlorate million bereft inevitable deed plenum coddle draftsmen downstream sovereignty fabulous disruption scrapbook hercules conspirator conglomerate forfend venus cranford befoul curlicue hemp britannic starlight arkansan roundabout dylan vide bidden spatterdock somatic dutiable abash astrophysicist australia somewhere familiar ironwood enumerate beneficent zeus continua beer mortar gawk night vivian eyeful lend 
2	Subject: investment / partnership proposal ( very urgent ) good day , i am mr . olufemi olugbade , a bank executive . i am sending this message to you in confidence and i am asking for your favour in the transfer of some money belonging to one mr . barry kelly ( deceased ) whose death we were not aware of until we no longer got replies to our routine notifications to his forwarding address . we were however told by his employers that he died from an automobile crash . now , all attempts to trace his next of kin have proved abortive . there is however no trace in any of his official documents of a next of kin . please understand that the basic line here is that upon the expiration of 6 years , the money would revert to the ownership of the government . please also understand that nobody is ever going to claim this money having 5 and a half years in our bank . so , all i am asking from you is that you should stand in as the next of kin to avoid the money going into the hands of corrupt government officials . also note that it is impossible for the money to leave the coffers of the bank without a next of kin , who also must be a foreigner . further workings of this initiative , and a sharing ratio plus posible areas of investment would be discussed as soon as i hear from you . best regards , olufemi olugbade 
2	Subject: may golf specials ! ! welcome & enjoy kingwood cove golf specials . please take advantage of the special offers . you will receive notices weekly or bi - weekly . if you no longer wish to receive these messages , simply reply with your request . keep it in the fairway . * * may e - mail specials * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 4 play & 3 pay * * 4 play for the price of 3 after 12 pm - saturday , sunday & holidays ( offer valid with purchase of cart & green fee per player ) must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with sr / jr rates or other offers . expires 05 / 23 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . * * pick your partner / price * * anytime monday thru friday non - holiday 2 play for $ 22 ea . 3 play for $ 20 ea . 4 play for $ 18 ea . ( offer includes cart & green fee ) must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with sr / jr rates , tournaments or other offers . expires 05 / 23 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . * * xl 2000 special * * monday thru friday - anytime $ 24 per player saturday , sunday & holidays - after 12 pm $ 30 per player golf invitation good for up to 4 players . receive 1 / 2 cart , green fee , range balls plus a sleeve of xl 2000 golf balls . must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with other offers or tournaments . expires 05 / 23 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . * * golf lesson special * * lessons save $ 10 buy two or more lessons and save $ 10 per lesson fine tune your swing now . expires 05 / 23 / 00 . - summer junior clinics available call for details what ' s happening ? - senior tournament every monday morning 7 : 30 am - skins game every wednesday afternoon @ 1 : 00 pm - kingwood cove golf association monthly tournaments 
2	Subject: i think you might be interested hello , i just found a site called graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , walker 
2	Subject: etc - theatre event - the lion king please see attached announcement on the lion king at jones hall . if interested in purchasing tickets , please contact margaret doucette at ext . 57892 . 
2	Subject: your partner will worship you for it hey man , check out the discounts these guys are offering on enlarge patches ! steel package : 10 patches reg $ 79 . 95 now $ 39 . 95 ! free shipping too ! silver package : 25 patches reg $ 129 . 95 , now $ 89 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! gold package : 40 patches reg $ 189 . 95 , now $ 139 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! platinum package : 65 patches reg $ 259 . 95 , now $ 189 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! millions of men are taking advantage of this revolutionary new product - don ' t be left behind ! click here !   
2	Subject: confirms and pa / eta couple more : 1 ) i heard a rumour that we will not be sending confirms when we relaunch . is this correct ? ( i hope not ) 2 ) have you thought more about the pa ' s without buyer name issue ? dave 
2	Subject: fw : netco ferc meetings louise - please see the attached below . it appears that the earliest we can visit with ferc is next thursday and friday ( as opposed to monday and tuesday ) . the ferc has a public meeting ( held every two weeks ) next wednesday and everyone runs around the building trying to get the orders finished . also attached is a list of issues that netco will need to develop with the winning bidder to put in our ferc filing for market - based rate schedule . thanks , jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : novosel , sarah sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 5 : 56 pm to : steffes , james d . subject : re : netco ferc meetings jim : sam spoke with cindy marlet and they are aiming for thursday , january 17 . she said there was no way they could meet with netco before the commission meeting . cindy is checking with dan larcamp and mike coleman to see if they are available ( these are the two people she thinks we need to meet with ) . cindy also wants the meetings with the commissioner assistants to occur after the meeting with staff , so cindy will have to set up the meeting before we schedule with the assistants . we ' re waiting to hear back from cindy now . i ' ll keep you posted . by the way , i loved the marker picture and have sent it on to lots of other people . sarah - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 6 : 15 pm to : novosel , sarah subject : netco ferc meetings sarah - - any luck on setting up meetings with ferc ? jim 
2	Subject: enron sells hpl and bammel american electric power buys houston pipe line american electric power thursday announced it has made a major move to expand its wholesale natural gas business in the southwest , agreeing to acquire the 2 . 4 bcf / d houston pipe line ( hpl ) along with the bammel storage field , one of the largest storage fields in north america , from enron . aep said since some details remain to be worked out , it was not disclosing the terms of the transaction at this time . aep will be acquiring the stock of hpl and it expects to complete the deal in the next couple months . hpl , one of the two original pipelines joined by enron chairman ken lay to form the company in the mid - 1980 s , has an extensive 4 , 400 mile transportation and gathering system through southern texas . the 118 bcf bammel field , located near the houston ship channel market area , has a 65 . 7 bcf working gas capacity and is known for its fast in and out capabilities . it has a 1 . 4 bcf / d peak withdrawal rate and a 365 mmcf / d injection capacity . " adding hpl to our natural gas asset portfolio will help us reach our goal of becoming a top - 10 gas trader and marketer , " said paul addis , executive vice president for aep . the company currently is second in the u . s . in electricity volume . " hpl will enhance aep ' s natural gas business with its multiple connections into the production areas of texas , its numerous interconnects with intrastate and interstate pipelines and its position in and around houston as a premier provider of natural gas . " aep , headquartered in columbus , oh , has numerous power generation plants in the midwest and southwest , including a number of gas - fired plants in texas . in 1998 it bought the louisiana intrastate gas ( lig ) system . john olson , energy analyst with sanders , morris & mundy in houston , said " for 55 years hpl has enjoyed a reputation as one of the strongest pipelines in the country . as a stand - alone operation it is first class . it ' s a very , very strong asset . " he said hpl has been showing losses of $ 50 million a year or more in recent years , " but those numbers are meaningless " because enron has been using it at discounted transportation rates to underpin its marketing efforts . olson said the sale is a continuation of enron ' s move to sell most of its hard assets and become a soft asset player . " they are emphasizing their trading . they are doing far better at trading . " for one houston - based risk manager , the sale of hpl by enron was a question of rate of return . the competition among intrastates in texas is fiercely competitive and for gas delivered to the houston ship channel it can be a game of half - cents , with a shipper on one of the multiple intrastates undercutting another to try to shave a profit , he said . enron recognized this and wanted out , he speculated . - - 
2	Subject: 23 rd noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 23 / 99 10 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 12 / 22 / 99 11 : 32 : 52 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : 23 rd noms how could i ever be mad at someone so nice as you . . . . just real busy . . . ( see attached file : hpldecl 999 . xls ) - hpldecl 999 . xls 
2	Subject: prepay values louise , here ' s what we ' ve got . this list of mtm values is based on a list of prepay deals # ' s from greg whiting and shows value as of cob 22 nov 01 . global finance has the rest of the details we need to complete the picture . give me a call if you need more . debbie 
2	Subject: 2002 budget attached is a draft spreadsheet that captures the budget items reviewed with it yesterday . i have tried to correlate our description with their project name . i have also created a starting budget and proposed budget for your review . a % allocation row for east , west and cdn allocation has also been created for your review and comments . the overall it budget was brought down from 25 . 4 mm to 16 . 3 mm . please review for any final comments as well as you comments on allocations . please note that the largest item was power fundamentals ( 6 . 2 mm ) which has bundled in it remote support , vms support ect , it is it ' s overall catch all accounts that require direct support of delivered systems . 
2	Subject: promotion sally congrats on your promotion to md . if anyone around this place deserves it , it ' s you ! ! hope all is well . 
2	Subject: lowe  s * or home depot * ? which home supercenter is best ? yhaxc get a $ 500 gift card for home depot or lowe ' s from american research panel . take the nationwide survey and get your card . wsrncpyoqzcj 
2	Subject: re [ 3 ] : talk thread about her tabs smanhem ojeffery fkourteva tyakovlev tveere alazarevic bodinga scraik vhenson ineal afaslija groganovic rhughes a less price - better quality world wide delivery only 1 . 33 per dose unsubscribe me 
2	Subject: waiting to hear from you re : acct # http : / / afjje . net / azwma lt . gen . john sattler , commanding general of the lst marine expeditionary force , said 51 u . s . troops and eight iraqi security forces have died in the falluja offensive . about 1 , 200 insurgents have been killed in the battle , he said . although falluja is secured , troops remain busy conducting mopping up operations and engaging in sporadic fights with holdout insurgents in the city . sattler said u . s . and iraqi troops are " ubiquitous " throughout the city . " falluja is secure , but we ' re in that search - and - clear phase which will make it safe , " he said . " we ' ve commenced the clean - up operation " and humanitarian assistance is being moved into the town . about 25 to 30 injured civilians in the city have been treated for injuries , sattler said , adding that he knows of no civilians killed in the fighting . he said more than 1 , 000 suspects have been captured . some have been released after questioning . thair al - nakib , a spokesman for interim iraqi prime minister ayad allawi , said the battle for falluja has been won by u . s . and iraqi forces and that the city is no longer a terror stronghold . 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstandlng website wiii make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company wili automatically become a worid ieader : it isquite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: our recommendations make you big money c . d . financial newsletter alert : strong buy issued on dtoi news alert * * * * * * * * 3 / 25 / 2004 4 : 00 pm est * dtomi receives request for quote for tandem axle enclosed trailers * * dtoi up 50 % * dtomi , inc . symbol : dtoi otc . bb price $ 1 . 25 shares out : 26 million market capitalization : $ 24 million significant revenue growth in 2004 rating : strong buy 7 days trading target : $ 2 . 00 30 day trading target : $ 3 . 50 * * strong buy alert * * strong buy alert * * dtomi , inc . ( dtomi or the company ) markets a unique air spring suspension system , air spring axlet , that allows small to medium - sized trailers to be lowered to near flush with the ground , greatly improving the safety and ease with which heavy cargo can be loaded and unloaded . an aggressive commercialization schedule may bring profitability by mid 2004 . dtomi , inc is about to release big news in the next week and the stock is expected to rise through the roof . as one of our subscribers you already probably reaped the benefits of our china world trade corp ( cwtd ) recommendation 2 weeks ago . cwtd rose 900 % in only 3 days and all of our subscribers turned a quick buck ! don ' t delay and get in on the action early ! ! dtomi , inc . ( dtoi ) is about to explode so get in on the action before it ' s too late !  dtomi , inc . ( dtomi or the company ) markets a unique air spring suspension system , airspring axle , that allows small to medium - sized trailers to be lowered to near flush with the ground , greatly improving the safety and ease with which heavy cargo can be loaded and unloaded  over 2 million small to medium sized trailers are sold annually in the us . these trailers are priced up to and over $ 5 , 000 , and are marketed to rental agencies , home - improvement retailers that maintain rental fleets , and individuals who need to haul heavy items such as contractor equipment , motorcycles , snowmobiles , jet skis , cars and horses .  management estimates that the initial market for the company ' s air spring axle system is $ 10 - $ 15 million . there are thousands of trailer rental locations in the us , and the system can improve customer satisfaction , safety and labor requirements . dtomi is working with a leading home improvement conducting a four - month test of 50 trailers .  the total market will grow to $ 140 million as the system is licensed to trailer manufacturers . dtomi plans to assist manufacturers with integration of the air spring axle system into existing trailer designs , and to collaborate with them on marketing efforts . management expects licensing fees of $ 200 - $ 300 per trailer .  dtomi expects be cash flow positive by the end of 2004 . an aggressive multi - media marketing effort is underway , and rental fleet sales and licensing revenues are expected to bring high margins . the company recently raised approximately $ 1 . 3 million in equity capital .  the company has begun aggressively marketing its product through a variety of methods , in an attempt to gain early market share and preempt any competition or patent infringements .  these trailers are sold to individual consumers , car and truck rental agencies , and hardware stores that maintain rental fleets . there are several thousand trailer rental locations in the u . s . , including true value hardware , with 4 , 100 rental locations ; united rentals , with 550 locations ; and home depot , with 520 locations .  dtomi estimates that the near - term domestic market for the air spring axlet is 50 , 000 units per year , which should generate revenues of $ 10 to $ 15 million . overhead is low , and initial margins should exceed 30 % . commercialization is expected to ramp up very quickly , and the company expects to be cash flow positive by year - end 2004  dtomi raised approximately $ 1 . 26 million in equity financing through december 2003 , management expects that this cash will cover all important rollout operations and support the commercialization of the air spring axlet until breakeven is reached . the rental and specialty trailer market the 1992 census indicated that there are approximately 15 million small and medium sized trailers in the u . s . , and that about one million units are sold annually . data from the leading trailer manufacturer , wells cargo , suggests that the market may be two million trailers per year . these trailers are sold to individual consumers , car and truck rental agencies , and hardware stores that maintain rental fleets . there are several thousand trailer rental locations in the u . s . major proprietors include true value hardware , with 4 , 100 rental locations ; united rentals , with 550 locations ; and home depot , with 520 locations . do not waste your money investing in companies that don ' t have what it takes to be successful . a track record of years of business is just the kind of foundation a great company needs to succeed . disclaimer : verify all claims and do your own due diligence . apple investments , inc profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities . apple investments , inc is not offering securities for sale . an offer to buy or sell can be made only with accompanying disclosure documents and only in the states and provinces for which they are approved . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of the editor and are subject to change without notice . apple investments , inc is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in apple investments , inc profiles is provided as an information service only . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not warranted and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . it should be understood the there is no guarantee past performance will be indicative of future results . investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in apple investments , inc profiled stocks . in order to be in full compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , apple investments , inc and its management receives fees from profiled companies or agents representing the profiled companies . these fees may be paid in cash or in stock and they will be fully disclosed in each profile . apple investments , inc has been compensated twenty thousand dollars cash for the dissemination for this report , by a third party . neither apple investments , inc nor any of its affiliates , or employees shall be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damages from use of this information piece , caused in whole or part by its negligence or contingencies beyond its control in procuring , compiling , interpreting , reporting or delivering this e mail and any contents the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . the information found in this home page is protected by the copyright laws of the united states and may not be copied , or reproduced in any way without the expressed , written consent of the editor of apple investments , inc . gfymo enxcf gjxsd rmxjx rwtre pwtkkmtyep pkhnh trdoj ktowv ikgra pphzv zzsyt sudlz  
2	Subject: hpl expense contracts fyi . . . . . . . . call with any questions . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rita wynne / hou / ect on 08 / 23 / 2000 04 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jackie morgan 08 / 23 / 2000 04 : 37 pm to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect subject : hpl expense contracts per your request . this list has been pulled from global contracts but has not been reviewed . please take a look at it and let me know if you need additional information . i will begin printing the attached points by contract . i ' ll give you an update tomorrow a . m . jackie ext 39177 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 07 / 01 fyi - we agree with the 17 . 500 " eileen ponton " on 03 / 08 / 2001 11 : 51 : 38 am to : melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu cc : subject : re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 07 / 01 have spoken w / both gas controls ( hpl / defs ) and will agree with your 17 , 500 . " melissa jones " to : " eileen ponton " , " charlie stone " com > bcc : 03 / 08 / 01 subject : re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 07 / 01 09 : 27 am we disagree . we show 17 . 500 , that was 0200 to 0900 @ 60 rate which equals 17 . 500 " eileen ponton " on 03 / 08 / 2001 10 : 56 : 39 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 03 / 07 / 01 per my gas control , tufco went to 60 , 000 at midnight and reduced to 45 , 000 at 3 : 00 am due to pg & e having a compressor down . nom rate calculated on 3 hrs at 60 , 000 and 6 hrs at 45 , 000 . please let me know if you have heard differently . date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 3 / 07 18 , 750 14 , 140 14 , 522 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: change of role just a quick note to say that i have now left the eprm / risk conference division after two and a half very happy years . i am however still at risk waters group , where i am now working as a journalist on eprm magazine . future conference enquiries should go to paul bristow ( us - 212 925 6990 ) or frances tully ( europe - + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9731 ) . many thanks for your work my events and i hope we can work together again in the future . if you have any ideas on the writing side then i would always appreciate a call or email - my contact details all remain the same . best regards , joel . joel hanley eprm magazine direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9885 www . riskwaters . com 
2	Subject: notice : ebay registration suspension - breach of user agreement ! ebay suspension need help ? dear valued ebay member , we regret to inform you that your ebay account has been suspended due to concerns we have for the safety and integrity of the ebay community . per the user agreement , section 9 , we may immediately issue a warning , temporarily suspend , indefinitely suspend or terminate your membership and refuse to provide our services to you if we believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you , our users or us . we may also take these actions if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us . due to the suspension of this account , please be advised you are prohibited from using ebay in any way . this includes the update of your actual account . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your personal records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . please update your records by the 19 th of june . once you have updated your account records your ebay session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . to update your ebay records click on the following link : http : / / cgil . ebay . com / aw - cgi / ebayisapi . dll ? update regards , safeharbor department ebay , inc . copyright  1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy .  
2	Subject: intraday eastrans nomination change for 9 / 6 / 00 deliveries continue to be 30 , 000 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , manie  
2	Subject: legal advice * this message was transferred with a trial version of communigate ( tm ) pro * we all need a good attorney to call in today ' s society . keeping ahead of the legal issues in our life was just simply more than we could bear . we needed legal advice and we needed it right away . unfortunately , being middle class , put us in the wrong income bracket to have such a necessity . now all of this has changed . think about the issues that can suddenly come up in your personal life : monday : the dog bit the mailman - do you know what to do ? tuesday : the building inspector drops by and announces that the permits on file with their office do not allow your garage conversion . " what now , " you think to yourself . wednesday : you ' ve been considering home - schooling your children for some time . now your daughter announces that she is being picked on yet again , and simply will not attend another day . what are the legal ramifications of home schooling your children ? thursday : speeding ticket goes to warrant for your 17 - year - old son . you haven ' t a clue how to handle it . friday : your ex - spouse has missed another child support payment . . . who do you call ? and what about all the other things : received a traffic ticket you thought was unjustified ? paid a bill you knew was unfair ? lost a security deposit ? bought a home or purchased a car ? signed an employment contract ? had difficulty collecting an insurance claim ? had trouble with your credit report ? been involved in a landlord or property dispute ? been involved in a separation or divorce ? had to collect child support ? prepared a will or wanted to ? in your personal life , you need legal representation available to you all the time . but most of us never have it because we can ' t afford it . now there is a program that not only provides quality legal help , but it provides it 24 hours a day , with an attorney helping you the same day you call them - and it is for a small monthly fee . no kidding . somewhere between twenty and forty dollars a month , depending upon the plan you choose . click here not interested ? take your em ail out of our data base by visitng the site and following removal instructions 126 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010713 . txt 
2	Subject: it just keeps getting better . . . jim lokay 4 quest . com jlokay @ 4 quest . com 713 - 524 - 8085 
2	Subject: hit the hotspots best prices always experience this potent pheromone formula that helps men and women attract members of the opposite sex click here to learn more : ever wonder why some people are always surrounded by members of the opposite sex ? now you can . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . * attract members of the opposite sex instantly * enhance your present relationship * meet new people easily * give yourself that additional edge * have people drawn to you , they won ' t even know why here to visit our website read what major news organisations are saying about pheromones ! delete  
2	Subject: re : alp presentation christie , great ! ! you think big . it also puts a lot of pressure on the students . vince christie patrick 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 57 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : alp presentation vince and ken , please see note below . rice ' s president is planning to attend the presentation and dinner ! i ' ll let you know when i hear from gil ( dean whitaker ) . thanks ! also , please remember that i ' ve scheduled steve kean for lunch ( i ' ll have melinda have lunches brought to the conference room ) . please let me know the exact room number and the exact number of lunches needed from your end . thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - judith duvall on 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 36 : 06 am to : christie . patrick @ enron . com cc : subject : re : alp presentation ms . patrick , dr . gillis will attend both events . judith at 06 : 01 pm 4 / 10 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > president gillis and dean whitaker , > > enron would be honored with your presense at the presentation set forth > below . > > under the guidance of vince kaminski and his team here at enron , we are > thoroughly enjoying working with this group of bright and enthusiastic rice > students . we hope you can join us for the culmination of their significant > efforts . > > please let me know - - thanks ! ! > > - - christie . > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 > 05 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > > vince j kaminski > 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am > > to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu , > lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley > crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron > > subject : alp presentation > > on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project > presentation by a group of students > of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university . > > the students will present the results of a research project regarding > electronic trading > platforms in the energy industry . > > the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith . > > we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation . > > > vince kaminski > > vincent kaminski > managing director - research > enron corp . > 1400 smith street > room ebl 962 > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 > ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell ) > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com > > > > > > judith duvall secretary to the president rice university 6100 main street - - msl houston , tx 77005 713 / 348 - 4601 713 / 348 - 5271 ( fax ) 
2	Subject:  the permanent fix to penis growth limited offer : add atleast 4 inches or get your money back ! - - - - > visit us to learn more no more offers  
2	Subject: project triple lutz to date , my primary duties have been to oversee the internal valuation of the contracts , and their unwind costs in our risk books . i have also been involved with the entex contract valuation . dave baumbach has been the real key to providing the data , and has all of the information . steve jackson is talking with ed mcmichael of structuring on monday to get some additional eyes and resources looking at this also . i feel we have done a thorough job , but we do need everyone thinking of " what if ' s . " our risk books are complex , with many hand - offs internally . obviously our goal is to ensure that all of the stones have been turned , and there are no surprises at the end of the day . i think structuring will really be helpful in this arena . after our meeting yesterday , i believe everyone is much more comfortable in our approach . there were a couple of things that dave was going to follow - up on ( fixed - price deals , especially calpine ) . fyi : i will be out of town on another project all of the week of 8 / 28 - 9 / 1 , and tuesday , 9 / 5 and wednesday , 9 / 6 . i have made arrangements to ensure that i am in houston on thursday , 9 / 7 and friday , 9 / 8 for the first visit to the triple lutz data room . in my absence next week , i want to reiterate to each of you that i am available , and will have the triple lutz data with me . if any issues come up that you feel i can be helpful , please contact yvette connevey @ 713 - 853 - 5953 , and she will get in touch with me . once again , do not hesitate to call me ! ! ! i do not want anything falling through the cracks ! 
2	Subject: is the size rite ? men ' s health update ! what if we could show you how to effectively add between 1 " to 4 . 5 " to your penis size without surgery , pumps , or other painful methods ? would you be willing to check it out and try all natural exercise techniques that could add major size to your penis ? if you don  t think you would like a larger , thicker , stronger penis you  re definitely kidding yourself ! every man on the planet would like to increase his penis size , and we can show you how ! click here now ! rnbda 
2	Subject: vietnam physiotherapy agnes . @ , amend , armpit . increase your ^ s e x f u n v evolutionary fresh . @ triac ganges . $ , cognate electrocardiograph . ?  
2	Subject: sto - ck advice structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structura | technology company focused on the deveiopment & commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and | ittie competition . symbol : pgpu . pk current price : 0 . 68 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structura | technoiogy aerofoammetals . com press release - - may 10 th , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company foilowing extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam metais incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wiil acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition wiil be 3 , 50 o , 00 o common shares . the major sharehoider of aerofoam who beneficiaily owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement immediately and to hold a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing this | etter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profiie : pinnacie group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers ski | | ed entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goais as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into pubiicly traded companies . the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term specuiative potential as weil as the potentia | for | ong term growth . we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! please foliow this one trade tuesday ! ! nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment advice . although our employees may answer your genera | customer service questions , they are not | icensed under securities | aws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice . we expressly forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in any security recommended to our readers . all of our employees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after the maiiing of printed - only pubiication prior to following an initia | recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter should be made oniy after consulting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company . to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to : no _ morenewsletters 7 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter all rights reserved 
2	Subject: preliminary dpr one of market risk ' s primary responsibilities is to review enron ' s trading activities and provide feedback to management , and management ' s expectation is that this is feedback and analysis is provided at the beginning of the houston trading day . global risk management operations in houston is now providing market risk with a enron consolidated preliminary dpr prior to 8 a . m . houston time , for use in market risk ' s morning meeting where we review all of enron ' s trading activities from the prior day . the only information missing from this is the uk , and i understand we do not receive the london dpr until 10 : 30 a . m , 4 : 30 pm your time . i ' m sure you ' re working toward obtaining a final dpr earlier in the day , but meanwhile , we ' d like to obtain a preliminary dpr that global ops can consolidate for houston management ' s use first thing in the morning , as decisions need to be made each day based on enron ' s consolidated exposure , etc . . we understand they ' re preliminary , but we work off preliminary # s from houston , and i expect with the 6 hour time difference , your preliminary # s will be much firmer than ours . we can start with just p / l and var , so it ' s not that many # s we need . i ' m hoping when we get the risktrac feeds complete we ' ll be able to see positions earlier as well . please let us know when we can begin receiving this information . thank you , cassandra schultz vp , market risk management work 713 853 0429 cell 713 858 2618 home 936 321 2185 
2	Subject: dba administrator cecil , i ' ve spoken with charlene just now and she sounds very helpful . can you give her a call tomorrow morning to iron out exactly how you want to access the enpower data base ? i ' ve left your name with her so she ' s expecting your call . best , alex - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 13 pm to : michelle d cisneros / hou / ect @ ect cc : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : dba administrator michelle , the name of the db administrator for enpower is charlene fricker , 5 - 3487 . alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve . i think it ' s a problem many layers below gary hickerson ' s level of responsibility and i hope we can handle it without using his valuable time . vince 
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . antunes @ coppead . ufrj . br 
2	Subject: re : power play book vince , you are a saint for lending me a copy of your book . i agree with you that we don ' t want increase there revenues even by a $ 1 . 00 , although my recommendation ( and mark palmer ' s as well ) is that we should pursue a rebuttal for the following reasons : as i mentioned i scoured the internet ( britannica . com , amazon . com , yahoo . com and dow jones ) and could not find one mention of the book , therefore mr . mehta ' s distribution must not be wide at all . consequently , his comments may not have reached a large audience . issuing a rebuttal , may in fact , draw more attention to the comments and issues then they are currently receiving . i believe we should proceed with caution , and respond accordingly ( with counter comments ) only when comments are solicited from us . so far , we have not received any telephone inquiries from media in relation to mr . mehta ' s enron bashing . may be we should ' leave the stones unturned ' . let me know what you think . also , please contact me when it is convenient for me to borrow the book from you . regards , cindy vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 38 pm to : cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : power play book cindy , i got a copy of the book and another one is on the way from our officer in india . i can lend you the book and you can makes copies of the most important chapters . i don ' t think we should be buying too many copies and increasing the sales of the book . in general , i think that we should counter the presentations made by mr . mehta . the person in charge of our dhabol operation is a stanford graduate and maybe he could obtain an invitation to speak at the same forum and present the facts as they are . he should be here for the management conference . vince from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 11 / 2000 01 : 30 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect subject : power play book good afternoon vince , christie patrick mentioned to me the conference that your wife recently attended at stanford . at this coference abahy mehta discussed his / her recently published book ' power play ' - that certainly does not flatter enron . i have conducted a search on amazon . com , britannica . com and dow jones and i am coming up empty handed . would you be kind enough to briefly trouble your wife to provide any other information she may remember , so i can narrow my search . i greatly appreciate it . regards , cindy 
2	Subject: my visit dear vince , thanks for your phone call this morning . i will ring mike tonight , i . e . houston tomorrow morning . . . . . had a look at the temps and anomalies over ca , looks warm for this time of the year ( dec . ) , there has been an increase in the night time t _ min , and t _ max remains at an above average level . i will start setting up my models over conus this week . regards , christian 
2	Subject: re : the maple leaves louise , i asked tammie to call the presenters to make sure of their availability . i also talked to mari and she is trying to find a bigger room given the size of this group . she indicated that approximately half the group will review documents and the other half will participate in the presentations . tom - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 8 : 46 am to : kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john ; colwell , wes ; port , david ; buy , rick ; bradford , william s . ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; oxley , david cc : muller , mark s . ; capestany , mari ; martin , thomas a . ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie subject : the maple leaves this has got to be the last time . tomorrow morning a new team will arrive for due diligence purposes . tom martin will be hosting this team the schedule outline is based on initial overview discussions / presentations and then more detailed discussion can occur in individual groups the outline is as follows . it may be better to split up earlier but i leave all those decisions to tom . 9 : 00 introduction john lavorato & louise kitchen 9 : 30 financial overview wes colwell 10 : 00 risk overview buy / port 10 : 30 credit bradford 11 : 00 back office beck / hall 11 : 30 systems ( enrononline ) jay webb 12 : 00 mid / back office systems jay webb 12 : 45 infrastructure jenny rub / bob 1 : 15 hr oxley afternoon dataroom and trader discussions please make yourselves available . tammie - please check availability . thanks for your continued understanding . the maple leaf is sending a team of 9 people . they should arrive between 8 and 8 : 30 wednesday morning and stay through thursday evening ( they are planning on a late night on wed ) . we are currently planning on using room 3371 for the data room , but are looking for another room that might be more accomodating for such a large group . please let me know who your point person will be and the schedule for the initial meetings . louise louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: re : www . energyclear . com i didn ' t see this in the competitive analysis folder . as always , it is good to know you are on top of it . thomas d gros @ enron 12 / 04 / 2000 06 : 04 pm to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , james whitehead / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : www . energyclear . com these guys are using the technology we saw last week from onexchange . amerex called me today to ask us to participate or ( if we deemed it necessary ) to take the lead in this project . as always , james has the competitor info database on this stuff . please copy him on all material like this . all the best , tom mary solmonson @ ect 12 / 04 / 2000 05 : 27 pm to : thomas d gros / na / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : www . energyclear . com sounds like this . com will be a direct competitor for fix and maybe even fmm . we need to watch for more details . www . energyclear . com 
2	Subject: stocks discovered for quick profit yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 105 watch this stock monday some of these littie voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lately . and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap international , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketplace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the world where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering will offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , call waiting , voice mail , and a globa | virtua | number . also included in the new offering is a residentia | standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any cell phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( ce | | uiar bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , full - featured lan phone with lcd display , cailer id and web interface ; a residential or business stand alone voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewail , enhanced call forwarding , cail biock and remote dia | - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wi | | be added to the product | ine . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utilize either a dial - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 30 % of a 200 mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 40 o mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most complete and technoiogically advanced line of voip products currentiy avaiiabie in the world . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months leaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a global scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated   , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a multi - nationa | internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exclusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite and wireless capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed line ii many of you are aiready familiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : account # 2160 d hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 650 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , geraldine sutherland coachmen sniffle thong dad mantrap quintessence ineffective grown aug heartfelt hydrangea immigrant antwerp fortieth macho menopause inexactindian march sibling headway sale travesty benzene housekeep fishery nudge carry organometallic buggy canyon wondrous hap squeamish fluorsparquarry fanout racketeer technetium directorial inaudible postcondition male screech attract huntington alia cluj canterelle repeater comedian hue dwindlecretaceous affirmation timex circuit admixture brought dionysus proposal helene economist virtuosity transpiration triphenylphosphine spar burglary monsoon recusant rabintumultuous pulp suny shallot risible un disquietude species youthful dine baltic invade chose boundary twentieth 
2	Subject: astomatous \ / 11 agrra , adlpex , xanaax , tussioneex , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , clal 1 is from $ 65 feathery effusive apricot seamed barnburner pompously congreve climatic picogram vaginitis , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today popishlyworldwide shippiing minutiae prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 awheel gingersnap seated quick seedling slummocky episode sham '  
2	Subject: re : philippe jorion ' s pending visit to rice david , it ' s even better . dinner on the 18 th works best for me . i sent your outline to our cfo with my recommendation . i hope to hear shortly from him . vince david ikenberry on 02 / 05 / 2001 02 : 29 : 04 pm to : " vkamins @ ennron . com " cc : subject : philippe jorion ' s pending visit to rice hi vince , we have tentatively re - scheduled philippe jorion for monday , march 19 . he will likely come for dinner on sunday , march 18 and return to california on march 19 . would dinner on the 18 th and / or a seminar sometime on monday the 19 th work with your schedule ? thanks , dave * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * prof . david ikenberry jones graduate school of management rice university 713 - 348 - 5385 
2	Subject: gtv project weekly status update please find below the weekly project status update and the attached file for the updated project timelines . changes are underlined . gtv status meeting attendees : thu dang , nayan dattani , bill fortney , jeff gossett , george grant , jay krish , russ severson , geoff storey , michael swaim , zhiyong wei , jeremy wong . accomplishments : ? gtv 2 phase 1 items o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o released to production . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . o development of portcalc valuation of basis spread options completed . ? options reports o completed development of vega p & l , vega sensitivity , and delta position reports . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . o completed development of portcalc to value transport deals . ? add more information to the drill - down deal details . o released to production . ? new flexible deal viewer . o database schema design completed . o initial load of active deals from sitara completed . o tibco work completed . o units of measure conversions completed . o update of active deals from sitara completed . o development of query engine completed . o development of delphi feed to excel completed . o schema mapping completed . o initial loading of active deals from tagg completed . o 3 new requests ( from last wednesday ' s demo ) for update server completed . o completed development of excel vb . o completed remaining new request for update server ( sic codes ) . o completed development of update of active deals from tagg . o resolved some issues uncovered . ? screening volume feedback in tds deal ticker . o completed database changes in stage and parallel . o completed modifying cpr reader to handle process flag . o completed modify database triggers . o completed make changes to cpr bridge . o completed modify cpr reader to handle process flag . o completed implement delete logic in cpr reader to clean up old deals . o completed changing view aggregation to resend deals when requested . o completed modifying view aggregator to request sending deals . o completed modifying tds deal ticker to show deal term changes . o completed integration testing . ? implementing tds in calgary office o discussed efforts needed for implementing tds for calgary office . ? investigate ways of improving eol bridging to sitara and tagg for term physical deals . o started discussion and needs further investigation . plans for the week ending 10 / 19 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o continue testing of basis options . o complete development of curve shift report . o complete unit testing of portcalc change to value transport deals . ? new flexible deal viewer . o continue user acceptance testing . o continue development of requested enhancements of flexible deal viewer and sitara . ? screening volume feedback in tds deal ticker . o complete user acceptance testing . ? implementing tds in calgary office o user approval . issues : ? none . notes ? planning to end the gtv development by the end of this year . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: re : painfull appointment saturday at 14 - 00 enough minnesota , which can clinch a wild - card playoff spot with a loss by either carolina or st . louis this weekend , appeared on its way to retaking the lead . but a holding penalty on birk - - the vikings were flagged nine times for 78 yards - - wiped out a 16 - yard run by michael bennett that would have given them the ball at the green bay 40 just before the 2 - minute warning . the vikings ( 8 - 7 ) , though , couldn ' t get what they needed from a pass defense that has struggled all season . government spokesman raanan gissin said four soldiers were killed . six people were taken to hospital - - four badly hurt , one with moderate injuries and one lightly injured , military sources said . the sources said another soldier remained beneath the rubble . gissin said rescue operations were continuing sunday night . the attack " indicates that unless there is decisive and sustained effort taken to dismantle the terrorist organization , it will be impossible to move towards normalizations and towards political negotiations , " gissin told a news crew . " and i think the responsibility on that lies with the palestinian authority . " shortly after the first blast , a second explosion was heard in southern gaza , but its precise location was not immediately known . hamas , in a phone call to cnn , said it had set off the first explosion near rafah in cooperation with a group called the fatah hawks . there was no immediate information available on that group , although it was believed to be linked to the fatah movement formerly led by the late palestinian leader yasser arafat . israeli military sources said it was a coordinated attack , with palestinians firing mortar shells and guns at the post when the explosives were detonated . it was not clear whether there were palestinian casualties . news video of the aftermath showed soldiers using stretchers to transport troops who appeared to be severely wounded . in a pamphlet distributed after the attack , hamas said it had used 1 . 5 tons of explosives and had recorded video of the incident . palestinians have used tunnels in the area to smuggle weapons from egypt . israel has carried out operations to crack down on the smuggling . shell explosion in schoolyard an israeli tank shell exploded in a gaza schoolyard sunday morning , wounding eight palestinian schoolchildren , palestinian medical and security sources said . the children between the ages of 6 and 12 - - sustained moderate to light injuries , the sources said . the violence happened in khan yunis in central gaza israeli military sources said that forces in the area identified what they thought was a number of mortar shells being fired towards israeli settlements nearby . in response , the forces fired towards the positions with light weapons , but did not fire a tank shell , the military sources said . 
2	Subject: impotency is an embarressing issue - buy online ! cater cattlemen optimistic detestation cominform flight petulant beatitude limp refrigerate weaponry sidelong aureomycin ppm bequeath desicate design recession assemblage accent babel desuetude shrine reel persuade debtor abound commutate crusty latin housewives sightsee amp pluton dispensary antiquity intricacy expository canoga liquefaction faust landowner columbia phycomycetes extemporaneous bialystok linkage valedictory metabolic balfour canoga blind ironwood sapphire pancho alone rhyme autotransformer darn volatile reduce lynch corundum assay macdougall nave use mercator cheshire setback spindle hiroshi indivisible doyle coriolanus exception lottery bien acidic wrack phyllis donner figurate affable acknowledgeable opera detach alga retrofitting beg schweitzer distinguish jigsaw bookbind galt threw astride itself greensboro rotor assiduous colgate mellon puppeteer diocese quillwort humanitarian cumulate defray defrost amputate pantheist secede coronate deputation drizzly knauer adposition digitalis cell dramaturgy monadic showboat cooky vanderpoel wake praiseworthy brewery scour angles christensen text bryce broomcorn alphameric allegate ow sought pact arsine alyssum the downward helm galilee and habitation arequipa polariton > agrarian waste mutilate clinician honda amplitude micky demark teething bedazzle stomach trainman haw micro claret conrad the guernsey eavesdropping monaural ed eighth lathrop hove tinker slot normal clam amulet catcall cow britten beige sigma southern yapping baptiste myoglobin mezzanine mixture ply and commensurable aida turvy acoustic borneo squawbush rowley anna illiterate parasitic gap jute sharecrop paralysis appraise lab smudgy butane bialystok david locution plastic technology syllabi cotta hasp mario electrolytic plenty slurry transformation angie winter lydia official crud cloddish trademark freddy skyway captain derail turntable brother idol declamation marcy impugn spear bull grosset insult cookbook buckshot bookshelf katharine broth the execution consanguineous curran illegal fide shrapnel dirty carbide prissy expectant elastic wail factual committeewoman butadiene wallis cartel inheritor lotion alpenstock egypt bullwhack accumulate brow grass albumin acrobacy mitigate tori contrite lateran vesicular dastard orangutan chokeberry antelope hogging bowel e ' s cartoon mendacity earthworm current harmonic invisible replaceable calibrate budapest aba pertain blueberry haddad metallurgist emitted embryonic gum and riyadh postmaster deferent bible emirate lithography snow aphrodite execrable maintenance drowse nonchalant petrel grammarian prefect plumbate wells marjorie escutcheon creak partition busch edward green inequivalent kettering bulblet condescend gossamer kerygma chilly seafare bocklogged regard euphoria melodious breastwork posey shuck hydrochloric avalanche mcpherson reeve bespoke technion carrion scuffle the eclat intolerant dirty fatima handwaving antaeus egyptian stagestruck alfresco uptown andy broody catherine leech scotia filthy torus cheesy course haiti pizzicato steed swede  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011019 . txt 
2	Subject: enron mentions don ' t bet it all on your employer ; the plunge of enron stock serves as a warning that workers should not invest too much in their company time magazine , 12 / 03 / 01 pick one stock ; our annual love only one stock - picking contest . forbes magazine , 12 / 10 / 01 the informer forbes magazine , 12 / 10 / 01 can shoppers save the economy ? ; four - star defense ; an anthrax enigma ; smokeout ; gore , capitalist ; falling star ; forward spin u . s . news & world report , 12 / 03 / 01 enron , dynegy work to salvage merger deal the wall street journal , 11 / 28 / 01 deals & deal makers : banks , too , have stake in enron merger - - - stature , money are both on the line the wall street journal , 11 / 28 / 01 energy - trading market survives enron for now the wall street journal , 11 / 28 / 01 business world : enron is history , says history the wall street journal , 11 / 28 / 01 trying to restore confidence in enron to salvage a merger the new york times , 11 / 28 / 01 enron , dynegy pursue the right price houston chronicle , 11 / 28 / 01 cooperation from enron key in probe houston chronicle , 11 / 28 / 01 dynegy completes $ 600 mln purchase of u . k . gas storage assets bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 natural gas , electricity trading appears resilient , wsj reports bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 j . p . morgan , citigroup have stakes in enron purchase , wsj says bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron ' s 401 ( k ) savings plan was set up for a fall : david wilson bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron receives proposal for $ 1 billion investment , ft says bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 global investing - enron faces lawsuits over handling of pension plan energy trader ' s employees allege . . . financial times , 11 / 28 / 01 companies energy trader ' s stock stabilizes . rating agencies show restraint . los angeles times , 11 / 28 / 01 ratings agencies agree to hold off on ratings move on enron for now - wsj afx news , 11 / 28 / 01 dynegy completes bg storage ltd buy dow jones news service , 11 / 28 / 01 dynegy completes acquisition of uk natural gas storage assets business wire , 11 / 28 / 01 india : india ' s ongc says rejects bg offer on fields . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 australia : pacific hydro to select wind turbine maker . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 dynegy confirms it ' s renegotiating enron deal the daily deal , 11 / 28 / 01 dynegy confirms move to renegotiate enron takeover chicago tribune , 11 / 28 / 01 usa : update 6 - enron , dynegy hammer away at new merger deal . reuters english news service , 11 / 27 / 01 new negotiations for dynegy purchase of enron sends shares higher associated press newswires , 11 / 27 / 01 usa : enron woes bite into its energy trading . reuters english news service , 11 / 27 / 01 enron / dynergy renogotiate mergercnnfn cnnfn : markets impact , 11 / 27 / 01 enron board agrees to lower dynegy purchase price , paper says bloomberg , 11 / 27 / 01 enron finding it harder to trade , competitors say ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 27 / 01 personal time / your money don ' t bet it all on your employer ; the plunge of enron stock serves as a warning that workers should not invest too much in their company sharon epperson 12 / 03 / 2001 time magazine time inc . 79 ( copyright 2001 ) steve lacey , 45 , an emergency - repair dispatcher for a utility company in salem , ore . , has a personal life that reads like a holiday greeting card . he recently married his longtime love , and after packing boxes over thanksgiving weekend , they are set to move into their dream house in the country , just in time for christmas . lacey ' s retirement plans , however , are in ruins . he works for the embattled energy - trading firm enron , and has all his 401 ( k ) savings in enron stock , which plunged from $ 90 a share in late 2000 to $ 4 . 71 at the end of last week . much of that decline has come since october when enron reported it had lost $ 638 million in the third quarter and later admitted it had overstated earnings from 1997 to 2000 . as their life savings shriveled , all lacey and his co - workers could do was watch . from oct . 17 to mid - november , enron blocked its employees from shifting investments in their 401 ( k ) accounts , while it switched to a new plan administrator . lacey has joined a federal lawsuit that accuses enron of breaching its fiduciary duty to employees by encouraging them to invest in enron stock even after executives became aware of serious financial problems that would hurt the stock price . " there was a lot of promotion inside the company to invest in enron and help us grow , so everybody got into it , " lacey told time ' s cathy booth thomas . enron says it doesn ' t comment on pending lawsuits . lacey and his colleagues could not have anticipated that they would be stuck with a plummeting stock . but their woes should be seen as a warning not to hold too much of your employer ' s stock in your 401 ( k ) and to regularly monitor the diversification of your investments . like enron ' s , many firms ' 401 ( k ) plans can have blackout periods lasting from a few days to a few weeks when they change plan administrators . " that ' s not necessarily wrong or illegal , " says alden bianchi , chairman of the employee - benefits group at the mirick o ' connell law firm in westborough , mass . employees need to make sure their 401 ( k ) investments are diversified at all times - - in case they can ' t shift them for a while . like enron , many other big firms match employee contributions with company stock . your allocation to that one investment can grow very quickly . and you might not be allowed to reallocate those matching funds into other investments until age 50 to 55 . at the end of last year , a whopping 39 % of total assets in profit sharing and 401 ( k ) plans were invested in the stock of the sponsoring company . among employees who are allowed to hold their employer ' s stock in their 401 ( k ) account , 18 % invested half or more of their savings in that stock . financial planners will tell you it ' s a mistake to bet so much on a single stock - - especially that of the company you work for , whose fortunes already affect your job security and career advancement . planners often advise investors to hold as little of their employer ' s stock as they can - - say , only the amount the company gives them as a matching contribution . then they should shift assets out of even that matching stock into a mix of diversified stock - and - bond mutual funds as soon as they are old enough to do so . similarly , if your employer gives you options to buy company stock , don ' t buy and hold the stock ; cash it in and invest the proceeds in a diverse blend of stocks and bonds or mutual funds . remember that it ' s your responsibility to arrange your investments so that they can survive any financial trouble your employer might suffer . as financial planner clare wherley of new providence , n . j . , says , " it ' s not the company ' s responsibility to make sure your investments go up . " sharon epperson is a correspondent for cnbc business news . e - mail her at sharon . epperson @ nbc . com diversify your 401 ( k ) assets steve lacey invested 100 % of his savings plan in his employer ' s stock . experts say even the average worker , who holds 39 % of his 401 ( k ) assets in company stock , is poorly diversified average allocation of assets in employee profit - sharing and 401 ( k ) plans company ' s stock 39 . 2 % stock funds 35 . 4 % bond funds 5 . 9 % cash / money market 3 . 4 % other 16 . 1 % source : profit sharing / 401 ( k ) council of america color photo : susan seubert for time color chart copyright ? 2000 dow jones our annual love only one stock - picking contest . andrew t . gillies and megan e . mulligan 12 / 10 / 2001 forbes magazine 176 copyright 2001 forbes inc . bearish wall streeters again dominate our annual love only one stock - picking contest . 2002 may not be so easy . our year - end love only one contest invites analysts and money managers to stick their necks out by choosing one stock to buy or to sell short . those who beat the market over the next 12 months get return invites . our 12 bulls , with an 18 % average decline , fared somewhat better than the s & p 500 , which fell 20 % from nov . 13 , 2000 to nov . 1 , 2001 . not much to write home about . but it was a great year to finger rotten stocks . our five bears ' picks fell an average 56 % . four bears qualified to reenter , and three chose to do so . profund advisors ' william seale hit the bull ' s - eye by selecting transmeta as a stinker . in the past year the stock has fallen 95 % . he ' s back this year with a rap on carnival corp . already , one big cruise line , american classic voyages , has declared bankruptcy . now carnival , despite being stronger than most cruise operators , will suffer as the heavy burden of overhead is spread among fewer vacationers , he says . at a recent $ 23 carnival is trading at 16 times estimated 2002 earnings per share and is eminently shortable . stephen n . worthington of barbary coast capital management foresaw trouble with the burn rate and debt load at wireless service provider metricom , trading a year ago at $ 15 . 75 . nice call . in july 2001 the company filed for chapter 11 protection . this year worthington sees trouble brewing on the balance sheet of pacificare health systems . he cites an impending writeoff of the hmo ' s intangibles ( mostly goodwill ) , now 42 % of assets . martin weiner of comstock partners correctly anticipated that a sagging market would dent enthusiasm for stock trading , as he picked broker charles schwab , which fell 57 % . for 2002 , weiner estimates a 20 % drop in capital spending for the semiconductor industry . so he says you should short applied materials , the big supplier of chipmaking equipment . two new bears sign on for the year ahead : timothy ghriskey of ghriskey capital partners and cengiz searfoss , portfolio manager at west broadway partners . ghriskey sees a slide in nestle , as investors lose their appetite for food stocks in an eventual market rebound . searfoss targets eastman kodak for the stiff competition it confronts in a low - margin business . now for the bulls . jean - marie eveillard , manager of the first eagle sogen global fund , gained 21 % with timber producer rayonier . for next year eveillard still likes timber , as well as real estate and gold stocks . his choice for our contest is security capital , a holding company for a number of real estate investment trusts and private real estate entities . morgan stanley chief investment strategist byron wien rode retailer target to a 23 % increase . now he likes oracle , arguing that it will outlast its competitors and that its share price already reflects the technology spending downturn . thrya zerhusen , manager of the abn amro / talon mid cap fund , beat the market last year with a 9 % gain on american power conversion , the manufacturer of backup power supplies . now she opts for unisys shares , at just 0 . 5 times sales and 9 times her 2002 earnings estimate . six new bulls join the contest . subodh kumar , chief investment strategist at cibc world markets , picks intel on the theory that chip companies lead technology rallies . michael mauboussin , chief u . s . investment strategist with credit suisse first boston , goes for enron , suggesting that the acquisition by dynegy will take place on current terms . enron shares are trading at a 19 % discount to their dynegy value . anna dopkin , manager of the t . rowe price financial services fund , considers troubled insurer safeco a promising turnaround . wendy trevisani , associate portfolio manager with thornburg investment management , says e - trade will succeed with its diversification from pure trading into banking and lending products . kurt von emster , portfolio manager of mpm bioequities fund , bets on regeneron pharmaceuticals : " this biotech has a prolific pipeline , a hoard of cash and fantastic science . " sandi gleason , a portfolio manager with kayne anderson rudnick , recommends syncor international on the strong projected growth of its business . to track current quotes on these stocks , go to www . forbes . com / love . the long and short of it eight newcomers , plus nine reigning winners from last year ' s contest , enter our annual love only one scrum . name / affiliation stock price buzz richard e . cripps / legg mason computer sciences $ 33 . 94 higher government tech spending anna dopkin / t . rowe price safeco 31 . 28 new management david elias / elias asset mgmt j . p . morgan chase 36 . 34 cheap at 11 times 2002 estimated eps kurt von emster / mpm capital regeneron 22 . 09 obesity drug in phase - 3 trials jean - marie eveillard / first eagle sogen funds security capital 18 . 67 market shift into real estate grace keeney fey / frontier capital mgmt general mills 47 . 00 predictable & sustainable profits sandi gleason / kayne anderson rudnick syncor international 29 . 59 recession - proof growth subodh kumar / cibc world markets intel 25 . 94 new products dynegy deal wendy trevisani / thornburg investment mgmt e - trade 6 . 79 growing bank & mortgage business byron r . wien / morgan stanley dean witter oracle 14 . 17 long - term winner in tech thyra zerhusen / abn amro funds unisys 9 . 35 services account for 70 % of sales short - sellers timothy ghriskey / ghriskey capital partners nestle s . a . 53 . 02 p / e well above 9 - year average william seale / profund advisors carnival 22 . 65 decline in travel & high overhead cengiz searfoss / west broadway partners eastman kodak 26 . 80 heavy debt & digital competition martin weiner / comstock funds applied materials 36 . 99 reduced spending in chip industry stephen worthington / barbary coast capital mgmt pacificare health system 18 . 26 razor - thin margins , dying business 2001 roundup collectively , our bulls barely outperformed the market ' s 20 % decline over the course of the contest . the bears had more fun - on average their picks tumbled 56 % . name / affiliation ticker stock change * michelle r . clayman / new amsterdam partners bbox black box - 20 % richard e . cripps / legg mason t at & t - 5 gail dudack / independent strategist cphd cepheid - 25 david elias / elias asset mgmt hd home depot 3 jean - marie eveillard / first eagle sogen funds ryn rayonier 21 john r . hickman / juricka & voyles dswt duraswitch - 30 mark c . jordan / ag edwards cdo comdisco - 96 grace keeney fey / frontier capital mgmt tmo thermo electron - 18 ron h . muhlenkamp / muhlenkamp funds sfp salton - 51 byron r . wien / morgan stanley dean witter tgt target 23 martin whitman / third avenue value funds avx avx - 29 thyra zerhusen / abn amro funds apcc amer power conv 9 short - sellers lou a . cardinali / fiero brothers kkd krispy kreme 57 mark coffelt / first austin jnpr juniper networks - 87 william seale / profund advisors tmta transmeta - 95 martin weiner / comstock funds sch charles schwab - 57 stephen worthington / barbary coast mcom metricom - 99 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . departments the informer janet novack , justin doebele , william p . barrett , lynn cook , benjamin fulford , daniel fisher 12 / 10 / 2001 forbes magazine 54 copyright 2001 forbes inc . almost makes boesky a saint the u . s . tax court says chicago - based fmc corp . can ' t take a $ 218 million tax deduction for theft losses blamed on the big mid - 1980 s insider trading scandal involving infamous arbitrager ivan f . boesky . the court held that fmc ' s complaint - - boesky ' s dealings caused it to pay that much more to buy back its own stock - - was erased when it lost a nontax case making the same claim against an investment firm whose employee had leaked then - forbes 400 member boesky the information . fmc , the court said , was asserting the " remarkable proposition " that its own shareholders had received too much . - - janet novack watch what we do , not what we say goldman sachs group is preparing to sell shares of a real estate investment trust it created consisting of commercial property in japan . a big pitch : rental yields are juicy compared with other investments available to domestic investors . yet sources say goldman itself is holding back on signing a lease for new digs in tokyo , expecting rents to drop in coming months , which could happen . an ongoing building boom is expected to add a glut - inducing 25 % to downtown tokyo prime office space by 2004 . no comment from the venerable goldman . - - justin doebele regulators get hang of law after criticism on this page and elsewhere , nasd regulation , the brokerage - owned regulatory agency , is finally moving to make it harder for errant stockbrokers to hide their sins from investors . under proposed rules , brokers who settle ( i . e . , pay money to end ) a client ' s arbitration claim before a hearing would generally no longer be able to keep the matter out of an nasdr database accessible to the public . also , nasdr would drop its legally absurd position that it had to honor expungement orders won by brokers in state courts even if it wasn ' t a party . - - william p . barrett a buying opportunity , y ' all ? energy - company mergers - - enron - dynegy and chevron - texaco - - likely will help swell the office vacancy rate under houston ' s glittering skyline from a tight 2 % to a not - so - tight 15 % . also heading south : prime space rent , already cheap by major - city standards at $ 27 per square foot per year . big landlord losers : canadian real estate investment trust trizechahn and fort worth ' s crescent real estate equities . - - lynn cook soap opera in japan , sanyo , the big appliance maker , has just rolled out a washing machine the company claims needs no detergent at all . soapmakers are foaming at the mouth as they try to disprove the new contraption ' s effectiveness . amid the claims and counterclaims , machine sales appear brisk . - - benjamin fulford if your company wants to put its name on a stadium , think about selling with the sudden collapse of its stock , enron becomes the latest public company to join the growing list of big firms whose share price underperformed the market after buying the naming rights to a professional sports arena . - - daniel fisher venue / city yearnamed performancevs . s & p 500 * 3 com park / san francisco 1995 - 186 % pro player field * * / miami 1996 - 171 psinet stadium / baltimore 1999 - 111 compaq center / houston 1998 - 95 cmgi field / foxborough , mass . 2000 - 69 bank one ballpark / phoenix 1996 - 65 cinergy field / cincinnati 1996 - 63 coors field / denver 1991 - 52 enron field / houston 1999 - 52 network associates coliseum / oakland 1998 - 48 adelphia coliseum / nashville 1999 - 47 safeco field / seattle 1998 - 35 copyright ? 2000 dow jones four - star defense ; an anthrax enigma ; smokeout ; gore , capitalist ; falling star ; forward spin lisa stein 12 / 03 / 2001 u . s . news & world report 10 c copyright 2001 u . s . news ditto , the american civil liberties union . gore , capitalist taking care of business just days after a consortium of newspapers decided al gore might have won the florida recount and become president if only he had insisted that the overvotes be counted as well as the undervotes - - you remember overvotes and undervotes , don ' t you ? - - gore announced he was forsaking politics for money , at least for now . gore will become vice chairman of metropolitan west financial inc . , a financial services company in los angeles . avoiding the big question - - will he keep the beard ? - - the former veep said : " for more than 25 years , i have worked on business and economic issues from the perspective of a public servant engaged in public policy . i am eager to learn more about business as an active executive of this dynamic and community - oriented company . " while some of gore ' s former aides had hoped their ex - boss would join a think tank pending another run for the presidency in 2004 , they now insist that a private - sector job doesn ' t take him out of the race . falling star the art of the deal early this year , enron executives groused that wall street didn ' t appreciate their innovative business model , arguing that the company was severely undervalued at $ 80 per share . if only investors showed that kind of disrespect for enron today . the beleaguered houston energy trader ' s stock price tumbled to as low as $ 4 last week , threatening a merger deal with dynegy that is seen as enron ' s best survival hope . the latest free fall came after enron disclosed the severity of its credit crunch to regulators . both dynegy and enron insist the deal ' s still on , and enron ' s shares recovered slightly after its lead lender gave it more time to pay off a $ 690 million loan . still , it could take six to nine months to finalize the deal . forward spin helping hands congress returns from thanksgiving recess to work that will involve a lot of giving and no small measure of thanks . the defense appropriations bill will get early and generous attention , followed by an economic stimulus bill that will be greeted with hands extended , asking that time - honored question : where ' s mine ? next stop ? the last day in november is the deadline for ending sanctions against iraq . that seems highly unlikely given the uncertainty over any role baghdad might have played in propping up osama bin laden or even in supporting terrorist attacks . fail - safe after dismal academic performance and a projected $ 1 . 2 billion deficit , philadelphia ' s school district will now be under the watchful eye of not only pennsylvania gov . mark schweiker but also edison schools inc . schweiker backed off a proposal to allow edison to take over school management . instead , the private company will serve as consultants and help in recruiting new managers for the troubled school district . picture : can shoppers save the economy ? ( will lester - - inland valley daily bulletin / ap ) ; picture : reflected glory . president bush lauded robert f . kennedy last week as the justice department renamed its main building to honor the former attorney general and liberal icon . ( jim lo scalzo for usn picture : ottilie lundgren ( immanuel lutheran church / ap ) ; picture : gov . mark schweiker ( dan loh - - ap ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron , dynegy work to salvage merger deal by rebecca smith and gregory zuckerman staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 28 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) top executives of enron corp . and dynegy inc . raced to salvage a deal to combine the two energy - trading companies amid growing signs that enron is facing cash - flow problems as a result of a sharp downturn in its core trading business . the executives ' task gained urgency amid worries that enron ' s debt may soon be downgraded to junk status by leading credit - rating agencies . after holding talks with executives of enron and dynegy , representatives of moody ' s investors service inc . , standard & poor ' s ratings group and fitch inc . agreed to hold off on making any ratings move yesterday , people familiar with the discussions said . j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . ' s citibank , which are shepherding the merger and have already loaned $ 1 billion and agreed to invest an additional $ 500 million in the merged company , may arrange still more funding for enron , these people said . " i hope they err on the conservative side and stockpile cash , " said ralph pellecchia , analyst for fitch , the credit - rating agency . with few viable options remaining , enron ' s board late yesterday informally agreed to a new share - exchange ratio of 0 . 12 shares of dynegy for each enron share tendered , down more than 50 % from the original offer of 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each enron share , according to one person familiar with the situation . but the talks were still fluid as of late yesterday . the latest proposed share - exchange ratio values enron at $ 4 . 91 a share , or a total of $ 4 . 17 billion . this would compare with the original value of $ 10 . 98 a share , or $ 9 . 33 billion . in exchange for reducing the purchase price , some members of the enron team were insisting on more control over the merged company . dynegy also was considering an additional $ 250 million cash investment in enron . dynegy , together with chevrontexaco inc . , has already injected $ 1 . 5 billion into enron in an effort to stabilize the company . talks between enron and dynegy were said to be tense and occasionally acrimonious . at 4 p . m . , enron shares were up 10 cents to $ 4 . 11 , while dynegy shares were up $ 1 . 64 to $ 40 . 89 , in new york stock exchange composite trading . talks between enron and dynegy began in earnest over the weekend to cut the price of the all - stock transaction after enron ' s share price had plummeted in the wake of disclosures that its future earnings wouldn ' t be as high as originally anticipated . on nov . 9 , dynegy originally agreed to buy enron after the emergence of damaging revelations concerning a series of deals that allowed enron executives to profit personally at the expense of the company and its shareholders . those deals are now the subject of a securities and exchange commission investigation . while struggling to keep the planned merger alive , enron also has been seeking to extend the maturity dates of some of its borrowings . enron has a total of about $ 13 billion of debt , of which about $ 9 billion comes due by the end of next year . the company may find itself on the hook for an additional $ 7 billion in off - balance - sheet debt and another $ 3 . 9 billion in potential liabilities , related to troubled investment partnerships , if its credit rating drops to below investment grade , says mr . pellecchia , the fitch analyst . a cut to a junk - status credit rating could deal a fatal blow to enron , which needs huge sums of cheap money to keep its trading operations alive . enron , nowadays , seems to be generating less cash from that business , which accounted for more than 90 % of its profit in the most recent quarter . in the five weeks since enron ' s problems became widely known , its trading partners have sought to protect themselves by shifting deals elsewhere from the dominant enrononline trading exchange and to limit their exposure to the houston - based company . about a week ago , enron said it had about $ 1 . 6 billion in cash , which surprised analysts who expected a number at least $ 1 billion higher given the most recent infusions from dynegy and the banks . enron spokeswoman karen denne said the company " is continuing to meet all our obligations . " she added that trading activity at the enrononline unit had been " below average " in recent days , but that the company believes " it has stabilized . " analysts say cash on hand doesn ' t appear to be enough to keep enron alive for long , given the reluctance of its trading partners and creditors . rebecca followill , an analyst at howard weil in houston , says that enron needs a bigger cash hoard than ever to rebuild confidence . she reckons enron needs $ 4 billion to $ 5 billion on hand while the merger deal winds its way through shareholder and regulatory approvals . - - - robin sidel and jathon sapsford contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . deals & deal makers : banks , too , have stake in enron merger - - - stature , money are both on the line by jathon sapsford and kara scannell staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 28 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) as important as completing the enron corp . - dynegy inc . merger is for the two companies , it is almost as critical for the banks that have backed it . j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . have emerged as prominent financiers and cheerleaders behind the problem - plagued transaction , putting hundreds of millions of dollars of their own money into enron in hopes of keeping the deal alive . late yesterday , that effort continued , with the banks scrambling for new terms to avoid a credit downgrade that could scuttle the deal . but in addition to putting their money behind the proposed merger , the two lending giants have also staked their reputations - - and perhaps even some of their prowess in the mergers - and - acquisitions business itself - - on completing this transaction . both j . p . morgan and citigroup officials have said privately that the pending deal is a bellwether . that is because it could illustrate how big banking institutions can use their lending muscle to offer customers one - stop shopping , thus usurping business from the other , more - traditional investment - banking institutions . because the banks offered financing to enron on short - notice to grab the advisory business , the deal has the " potential for either giving a boost to a bank ' s stature on the street or to sling some mud in its face , " said samuel hayes , professor of finance at harvard business school . " this is a high - stakes assignment . " and an expensive one , if the deal doesn ' t happen . each bank has commitments outstanding to enron , in the form of various loans , of roughly $ 700 million to $ 800 million , according to officials familiar with the matter , and roughly half of that is in unsecured debt . the two companies , these officials say , have also committed an additional equity investment of $ 250 million each so far , though there is a possibility enron could get more . as mergers go , the deal is relatively small , and it has gotten smaller in recent days as investors have hammered lower enron ' s stock , which at 4 p . m . yesterday stood at $ 4 . 11 , up 10 cents in composite trading on the new york stock exchange . but on wall street , the importance of the deal goes well beyond its size , where the transaction is seen as a high - profile example of the new era of finance in which large financials exploit the crumbling walls between once - separate businesses like lending , underwriting and mergers advisory . goldman sachs group , an investment bank that doesn ' t traditionally extend large loans to clients , was denied a piece of the merger business because it declined to extend the sort of loans that j . p . morgan and citigroup provided last week . should this deal fall through , it will make goldman look smart . " there is a lot more to this deal for the banks than just [ mergers and advisory ] fees , " says andy collins , an analyst at u . s . bancorp piper jaffray . it is also seen as well as a major test of the decision in 1999 to repeal depression - era laws under the gramm - leach bliley act . for decades , the u . s . financial system effectively banned commercial banks from lending to the same clients they served as an investment bank . the thinking was that commercial banks , the federally insured guardians of deposits , shouldn ' t be betting in the securities markets with depositor money . now with those laws repealed , some worry about risks creeping back into the system . roy smith , a business professor at new york university , says the banks ' lending to the same clients from which they seek to win securities business could encourage banks to over - lend for the purpose of closing deals . " you can ' t believe the chairman of the bank is up at night thinking about this , " says mr . smith . the banks , while conceding some exposure to enron , decline to confirm specific amounts , citing client confidentiality . but in private conversations , banks say they regularly sell loans to companies in which they may be too exposed in an active secondary market . moreover , they use other credit derivatives to effectively transfer the risk of loans to other investors . some of the recent documentation of enron debt suggests that much of the debt has been diversified across many investors . in may 2001 , for example , citigroup and j . p . morgan arranged a large $ 2 . 25 billion credit facility for enron , part of the total of approximately $ 13 billion in debt on enron ' s balance sheet ( not including commitments to other financial institutions ) . those two banks , as lead arrangers of that financing , helped divide that loan up among 50 different banks , according to loan pricing corp . , a research institute the follows the lending business . many of those banks divided their shares into even smaller pieces and sold them off to other investors . one banker familiar with the matter said that , all told , more than 100 financial institutions have exposure to enron . yet j . p . morgan and citigroup , who have served as the top underwriters of this debt , would rather avoid being blamed for letting enron ' s debts go bad . even more importantly , they also hold their own portion of that debt . thus , both banks recently provided an additional credit line to enron totaling $ 1 billion . that additional lending , while enhancing the value of existing loans to enron , is also relatively safe because it is secured with hard assets . should enron default , the banks would take an interest in that collateral . " that additional credit line is bullet proof , " says one banker . the banks , ultimately , have had a string of successes with similar strategies with other firms , though few are as high - profile as enron . these two banks , for example , are credited with saving companies like lucent technologies from a financial crisis earlier this year with a similar combination of financing and investment banking advise . but speaking privately , bankers concede that a failure of the enron deal would smart beyond what the damage might be to the banks ' loan portfolio . " if it falls apart , " says mr . hayes , the harvard professor , " it will be a source of embarrassment . " - - - robin sidel contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . energy - trading market survives enron for now by wall street journal staff reporters peter a . mckay in new york , chip cummins in washington , and alexei barrionuevo and thaddeus herrick in houston 11 / 28 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . ' s precarious financial condition has unnerved investors and trading partners , but the largely invisible natural - gas and electricity trading industry that it helped build appears relatively resilient - - at least so far . veteran traders say many firms began to take precautionary steps a month ago against an energy - market meltdown related to enron , when the first tidbits of the houston - based company ' s woes were reported . trading volume has moved from the popular enrononline electronic platform to other venues , some traders have unwound complex financial bets , and others have simply worked around their onetime trading partner . as a result , insiders say natural - gas prices , in particular , haven ' t really been affected so far by enron ' s problems , and any impact is expected to be moderate . unlike a traditional commodities exchange , open to all , natural gas and electricity are traded privately , with many transactions reflecting deals between two players . enrononline , for instance , acts as both the buyer and seller , setting the price for which it will buy or sell commodities such as natural gas or electricity . players such as enron , which had transformed itself from a natural - gas pipeline company , make money by buying and selling energy many times over , capturing the difference between bids from buyers and offers from sellers . but actual trading strategies are tightly kept secrets , which has made the business difficult to track and assess . while the energy market has held up amid enron ' s woes , it remains edgy , especially given the uncertainty about what might happen if dynegy inc . ' s agreement to acquire enron is aborted . " companies have stopped doing business with enron to the best of their ability , " says art gelber , principal of gelber gas closed at $ 2 . 62 a million british thermal units in new york mercantile exchange trading yesterday . even in a worst - case scenario , however , most traders assume that whoever takes control of the company ' s assets will probably handle delivery of commodities against its contracts , he says . " enron has caused some short - term price moves , but it ' s not a big part of what the market is going to do in the long run , " says bill o ' neill , director of commodity research at merrill lynch & co . " you have to remember that the fundamentals for energy , particularly demand , are not too good right now , because of the economy . " indeed , natural - gas storage is nearly full , and so far , warm fall weather hasn ' t helped demand any . " a growing inventory of natural gas should have a moderating effect on any transitional difficulties that might arise because of a continued downward path for enron , " says jon rasmussen , an economist at the department of energy ' s energy information administration . one clear impact has been on enrononline , enron ' s electronic trading arm that had become the dominant energy e - trading platform in recent years , accounting for as much as 25 % of the country ' s natural - gas and electricity deliveries . the rival inc . has reported a 34 % jump in its weekly electricity volume since october , 13 % in natural gas , and a 45 % increase in crude oil . the atlanta - based concern is owned by about 100 energy and metals traders , brokers and banks . other traders have returned to doing trades over the phone , a less transparent method than pulling prices off a screen . " this is doing a lot to re - establish human contact , " says one trading executive . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business world : enron is history , says history by holman w . jenkins jr . 11 / 28 / 2001 the wall street journal al 9 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) back in the mid - 1980 s , a pipeline executive called ken lay was fishing around for a name for his company , produced by a merger of houston natural gas and omaha - based internorth . he consulted with consultants , politicked with politicians , and came up with a moniker . the company would be called " enteron . " three weeks later , fed up with the wisecracks from a press that had looked up the dictionary definition of " enteron " ( n . the intestine ) , he changed the company ' s name again . henceforth it would be known as enron . a columnist less devoted to high standards of decorum might be tempted to extend the metaphor of the company ' s misbegotten name . in recent weeks , after all , we ' ve seen enron ' s stock collapse over indigestible accounting and the emergence of dealings between the company and its senior officers that exude an odor of genuine malfeasance . the evidence is far from clear , but for the sake of mr . lay ' s reputation one hopes these missteps will prove one more case of a company fooling itself rather than setting out deliberately to defraud the markets . enron grew to be much more than a pipeline hauler of natural gas , becoming the pre - eminent trader and marketer of all kinds of energy contracts and a vocal proponent of deregulation . now , all but overnight , it ' s kaput , just waiting to find out if its fate will be bankruptcy or absorption by an erstwhile rival . we cannot help be put in mind of another commodity wunderkind in the 1970 s , phibro ( short for philipp brothers ) . hard to believe , but phibro was once a name that made grown men quiver on wall street . fattened by trading profits from the great commodity inflation of the 1970 s , which some mistook for a permanent new age of scarcity , it scooped up the street ' s oldest partnership , salomon brothers , tucking it into its back pocket and renaming the combined firm phibro - salomon . here was a powerhouse of unlimited potential , investors told themselves . flash ahead to california ' s electricity meltdown earlier this year . enron saw its revenues quadruple partly as a result of the inflated prices being quoted in the california market . many foresaw a new scarcity megatrend , but there was no true energy shortage . posted prices on the california power exchange may have skyrocketed , but the effective price was zero dollars and zero cents , because the utilities had no cash to pay and politicians were thumbing their noses at piles of ious . when prices are zero , suppliers take a hike - - that ' s what economics teaches . but once the state government started pumping its own cash into the market , the phony posted prices plummeted and supplies became plentiful again . now california is swimming in power and nobody talks about an " energy crisis " anymore . you can date the loss of investor confidence in enron almost exactly to the moment when the california fiasco began to repair itself . fortune magazine put the inaugural nail in enron ' s coffin in march , noting that the company ' s growing dependence on trading had turned it into an oil - patch version of goldman sachs . goldman ' s stock sells at a price - earnings multiple of 17 , reflecting investors ' well - founded distrust of trading earnings to be reproduced reliably year after year . so why , the magazine asked , was enron awarded a multiple of 60 - plus ? mmm . . . enron did yeoman service as a champion of deregulation . boss ken lay , a believer in technology and the power of markets , was a true visionary , to the point of annoying people who didn ' t care for his air of being a man on the right side of history . the moldering pipeline he took over would certainly have been an also - ran if he had not thrown enron headlong into trading and marketing . but deregulation doesn ' t confer permanent advantage on anybody . a deregulated environment favors constant innovation and a continual upsetting of plans and strategies . add the fact that , despite the california bubble , there is no reason to believe energy prices won ' t continue their long - term relative decline as technology advances more quickly than the depletion of conventional resources . add also the likelihood that information technology will continue to lower the barriers to entry to enron ' s trading business , which means more competition and shrinking margins . enron begins to look a lot like phibro . the great commodity - trading machine was already running down by 1981 , when it bought salomon and wall street was swooning . inflation was being quelled by paul volcker . the products that phibro traders bought and sold were increasingly being traded transparently on electronic exchanges . " four or five years ago , they used to be able to take other companies to the cleaners , because they knew where the market was and others didn ' t , " a trader explained . " with everyone knowing , within a few cents , where the price of any product was , phibro ' s ability to make a profit off its superior knowledge disappeared . " not only is this true of enron , but of its would - be bottom fisher , dynegy , run by mr . lay ' s houston homeboy , chuck watson . dynegy ' s proposed takeover of its former nemesis was hanging by a negotiation yesterday . while enron in recent years was selling hard assets and concentrating on electronic market - making , mr . watson was doing the opposite . his big play in the enron deal is to get his hands on the original hng - internorth pipeline , now known as northern natural gas . by having both feet planted in the real business , he claims his firm will be able to make a profitable sideline out of trading despite growing competition and transparency . we ' ll see . dynegy and enron were born at the same time , and of the same motive . dynegy was originally created by six pipeline companies , a washington law firm and morgan stanley to take advantage of new opportunities in deregulated natural gas . but the gnats are already circling . gas producers who have claimed for years that the duo control too much of their fate now insist they shouldn ' t be allowed to merge . don ' t listen to the fussbudgets . if this was a business in need of trustbusting , enron wouldn ' t have been resorting to funny accounting to make its earnings . as merrill lynch ' s donato eassey has pointed out , wholesale margins have been steadily thinning as trading becomes more transparent and competitive . wishful accounting has time and again proved the last refuge of companies whose dearly held " visions " were not panning out . enron prided itself on being realistic and adaptive , but it failed to see that its own beliefs about the world needed overhauling . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c the markets : market place trying to restore confidence in enron to salvage a merger by richard a . oppel jr . and andrew ross sorkin 11 / 28 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company the enron corporation and dynegy inc . worked yesterday to find ways to bolster confidence in enron ' s weakened energy - trading business as the companies ' negotiators continued talks on revising the terms of their merger , executives close to the talks said . the renegotiated deal would cut the value of the acquisition by half , they said , to roughly $ 4 billion . dynegy , they said , was also prepared to invest at least an additional $ 250 million in enron , on top of the $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion from dynegy ' s biggest investor , chevrontexaco , included in the initial deal announced nov . 9 . but dynegy wants the new cash backed by hard assets , and the companies were trying to identify and value enough enron holdings not already mortgaged to other creditors , the executives said . before a series of financial disclosures sent enron ' s stock into collapse and the company into the arms of dynegy , its houston rival , enron ' s natural gas and electricity trading floors did more business than the two largest competitors combined . they also accounted for the majority of enron ' s profits by far . but traders and wall street analysts said the business had steadily deteriorated amid questions about the depths of enron ' s financial straits . many traders have curtailed dealings with enron , and the executives close to the talks said dynegy officials scouring enron ' s books were having difficulty this week figuring out how much cash the trading operation was generating . the executives close to the talks said that the renegotiated terms for dynegy ' s acquisition of enron would lower the price to about 0 . 13 dynegy share for each share of enron , cutting by half the value of the deal announced nov . 9 , when dynegy offered 0 . 2685 share . if a deal is struck at 0 . 13 dynegy share , at yesterday ' s closing prices , dynegy would be paying about $ 5 . 32 an enron share , a 29 . 4 percent premium over enron ' s diminished stock price . the premium was 20 . 6 percent over enron ' s closing price on the day that the deal was announced . both companies are seeking promises from enron ' s bank lenders to extend debt repayment dates until after the merger closes . and they are also discussing adding provisions that could limit dynegy ' s ability to back out of the combination . the two companies are also working to arrange a cash infusion of $ 500 million from j . p . morgan chase and citigroup that would provide enron with desperately needed new cash . but there is growing concern that the cash infusion from the banks will not calm investors ' fears or reassure energy traders , leading dynegy to seek an additional $ 500 million in cash for enron . late yesterday , the two companies were hung up over whether enron , which has already used many of its most prized assets as collateral for loans , has enough assets left to serve as collateral for the additional money , according to executives close to the talks . a number of enron assets were being examined , including some that have already been used to obtain other loans , the executives said . the assets include : transwestern pipeline , a major natural gas pipeline that links the gas - producing basins of texas and the southwest with california ; enron ' s stake in other gas - pipeline assets ; its 9 . 8 percent stake , worth about $ 400 million , in eog resources , a former subsidiary that is now an independent publicly traded oil and gas company ; and its indirect stake in hanover compressor , which manufactures equipment used to increase the pressure of natural gas and facilitate its flow on interstate pipelines . yesterday , investors anxiously awaited a report by moody ' s investors service , which like other major credit - rating firms , currently ranks enron ' s debt at the lowest investment - grade level . if enron were to lose its investment - grade status , it could be forced to repay or refinance up to $ 3 . 9 billion in debt , while other traders would probably further curtail business . but by late yesterday , moody ' s decided not to issue a statement after receiving assurances from enron and dynegy officials that a renegotiated deal would be announced soon , the executives said . a moody ' s spokesman declined comment . executives close to the talks said that they hoped that new cash from dynegy would reassure both wall street and the energy - trading markets that enron ' s trading floor would survive and remain a valuable asset . but analysts and investors are having difficulty figuring how much value the trading operation has already lost , and how much the business has been reduced because of credit concerns . ' ' i believe dynegy is probably seeing that deterioration in the core business and wants to renegotiate the purchase price as a result , ' ' said andre meade , head of united states utilities research for commerzbank securities in new york . ' ' i don ' t think anyone can estimate the earning power of enron over the next three to four quarters , and i ' m not sure enron has a good estimate . ' ' mr . meade said he did not believe that dynegy ' s earlier estimate that the acquisition would add 90 cents a share to its earnings was ' ' reliable today , given how sharply the business seems to have deteriorated . ' ' by mr . meade ' s calculations , if enron ' s trading volumes were to fall 50 percent next year - - even if normal volume growth levels returned in 2003 - - that would wipe out nearly all the value in the stock . karen denne , an enron spokeswoman , said the company had experienced a decline in energy trading volume and in the number of traders doing business with it , but both stabilized yesterday . she declined to elaborate or quantify the decline . she also said that enron ' s trading operation remained profitable , though she could not quantify it , and she also said she did not know whether the company was working on a possible bankruptcy filing or other contingency plans should its business and liquidity worsen . ' ' we ' re moving forward with the merger , ' ' she said . dynegy officials did not return telephone calls yesterday . shares of enron rose yesterday on news of a possible revised acquisition agreement . they closed at $ 4 . 11 , up 2 . 5 percent , or 10 cents . shares of dynegy closed at $ 40 . 89 , up 4 . 2 percent , or $ 1 . 64 . though yesterday ' s gains halted a four - day slide in enron shares , the stock is down 95 percent this year after disclosures of major losses as well as significant accounting errors that led enron to admit it overstated profits during the last five years by nearly $ 600 million . now , difficulties within enron ' s trading operation are exacerbating the company ' s overall liquidity problems in three ways , according to some analysts and rival energy - trading executives . first , other traders are requiring enron to put up greater margin on its trades . on top of that , in some cases enron ' s traders are being forced to pay more to buy natural gas than traders at other companies . this credit premium in some transactions has ranged from 3 cents to 6 cents for every million british thermal units of gas enron buys , these people say . additionally , many traders , like the mirant corporation , have either scaled back or stopped doing business with enron , hurting its trading revenue . mr . meade of commerzbank said ' ' end - use customers and trading counterparties appear to be shifting their business to competitors as a result of enron ' s credit concerns and are reluctant to increase their exposures to enron . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . nov . 28 , 2001 houston chronicle enron , dynegy pursue the right price by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle dynegy and enron corp . continued discussions tuesday on several issues , including new terms for dynegy ' s deal to buy enron and an equity infusion for enron , according to people familiar with the talks . there was no sense talks were breaking down , but instead there were a lot of pieces that needed to be put in place , the people said . sources told the chronicle on monday that the two houston - based energy traders were negotiating a lower exchange rate for dynegy ' s stock deal to buy enron . the sources also said enron and dynegy were working with a group of banks to reach a so - called " override " agreement to extend , until after the merger closes , maturity dates for certain enron debt , and that the two energy companies were working to finalize terms for equity infusion into enron of around $ 500 million , expected to come from j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup . dynegy , one source said tuesday , could also be a contributor to that $ 500 million . under the nov . 9 deal , enron shareholders would receive 0 . 2685 share of dynegy stock per enron share owned . since then , there have been increasing worries about enron ' s core trading business and new troubling financial disclosures from enron . the sources said tuesday the new ratio being discussed is around 0 . 15 . dynegy spokesman john sousa said tuesday he could confirm only that dynegy was in discussions with parties involved in transactions related to the deal . investors appeared optimistic tuesday that dynegy and enron would work out an arrangement to save the merger . shares in dynegy closed up $ 1 . 64 at $ 40 . 89 , while shares in enron closed up 10 cents at $ 4 . 11 . wall street expects dynegy to either cut its purchase price or walk away . that dynegy is negotiating a lower exchange ratio shows it is very intent on keeping the deal together , said jeff dietert , an analyst with simmons & co . international in houston . if the deal falls apart , enron would likely see its credit rating cut to so - called junk status , which would trigger a series of negative consequences . among them : enron ' s ability to run its trading business would be severely hampered . in turn , enron could quickly be forced into bankruptcy . enron ' s trading operation , which is highly dependent upon access to cash and credit , is already suffering . enron hopes another equity infusion will spur other traders to return the business they ' ve taken elsewhere . " it appears that trading counterparties have moved significant volumes away from enron over the past few weeks as a result of credit concerns , " andre meade , an analyst at commerzbank securities in new york , wrote in a report tuesday morning . that new deal terms are being discussed " confirms our fears that enron ' s core trading and marketing business has been rapidly deteriorating and is worth much less today than several weeks ago , " meade said . tuesday afternoon , word spread among analysts and investors that moody ' s investors service would issue a rating report on enron before day ' s end . they were waiting to see if moody ' s would have soothing words on enron or drop its credit rating to junk , but no report was released . enron is expected to lay off employees this week . nov . 28 , 2001 houston chronicle cooperation from enron key in probe by tom fowler copyright 2001 houston chronicle federal officials say they are willing to be more lenient with companies that cooperate in securities fraud cases , an attitude that could help get enron corp . off the hook in its current sec investigation . but it could also put individual executives - - including its former chief financial officer and other former employees - - in the hot seat . in the months since he took over as head of the securities and exchange commission , chairman harvey pitt has laid out policies that will give companies credit for coming forward to report misconduct such as improper accounting . the message has been that cooperation could spare companies harsher penalties . the sec is so serious about its new attitude that late last month it took the highly unusual step of outlining the reasons it decided not to bring an enforcement action against seaboard corp . of shawnee mission , kan . the pork processing and cargo shipping company issued misstatements in its annual and quarterly reports from december 1995 to march 2000 based on improper entries booked by a controller at a florida division . in a statement , the sec said the company ' s conduct was key to it avoiding the enforcement action because within a week of finding the alleged misconduct , internal auditors did a preliminary review and advised management and its board of directors , who then hired an outside law firm to do an independent review . four days later the controller who covered up the problems was fired , along with two supervisors , and the public was notified of the problem . the sec reached a settlement directly with the former controller , where she agreed not to violate securities laws in the future . while the seaboard case is the only enforcement action to occur since the new policies were put in place , observers say it ' s likely they could be applied to enron in the sec investigation . " you won ' t see the sec be easy on anyone , " said frank velie , a former u . s . attorney and partner with new york - based salans hertzfeld heilbronn christy & viener . " but if you have an individual , or a small group of individuals who acted illegally , and the company acts swiftly to fire them , turn over information to the sec and cooperate , in many cases the company can escape prosecution . " since sec officials began looking into a number of off - balance - sheet partnerships formed by enron ' s former cfo , andrew fastow , the company has gone to great lengths to appear cooperative and to distance itself from anyone associated with the partnerships . the day after an earnings report last month revealed enron would lose $ 35 million and take a $ 1 billion hit on shareholder equity because of the complex financing partnerships , enron chairman and chief executive officer ken lay and the company ' s board of directors said they stood by fastow . the board had approved all the partnerships and dealings , it was noted . a week later , however , on oct . 24 , the company replaced fastow . on oct . 31 , the day enron said the sec had upgraded its review of the finances from a simple inquiry to a formal investigation , the company announced it ' s board of directors had created an investigation committee of its own with the power to take disciplinary action against any enron employee , officer or director who it determined " . . . improperly participated in the transactions . " the committee took action shortly after , as several employees were fired for their involvement in the deals , a spokesman said , including ben glisan , a managing director and treasurer of enron corp . , and kristina mordaunt , a managing director and general counsel of an enron division . other employees who were determined to have invested in the partnerships , including fastow and executives michael kopper , kathy lynn and anne yeager , no longer work for enron . in its sec filing that outlined more details of the partnerships earlier this month , enron again tried to distance itself from the deals by saying that it was aware of the partnerships but required that certain safeguards be put in place and that the transactions be approved and reviewed regularly . painting the company as a relative innocent that fell victim to the dealings of renegade employees may make sense in the face of the sec inquiry , but it won ' t ensure safe passage for enron , says henry hu , a law professor at the university of texas in austin . dynegy completes $ 600 mln purchase of u . k . gas storage assets 2001 - 11 - 28 07 : 37 ( new york ) dynegy completes $ 600 mln purchase of u . k . gas storage assets houston , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . , which is buying rival u . s . energy trader enron corp . , completed its acquisition of bg group plc ' s u . k . natural gas - storage subsidiary for about $ 600 million , its first purchase of energy assets in europe . dynegy used cash and short - term borrowings to pay for the acquisition , which was announced in july . bg storage is expected to boost 2002 earnings , houston - based dynegy said in a statement . the purchase includes two storage terminals , rough and hornsea , which are used by about half of the u . k . ' s gas shippers and can store 111 billion cubic feet , dynegy said . the business also has 19 miles of pipeline and an onshore gas - processing plant in easington , england . bg storage ' s 260 workers will become employees of dynegy . dynegy , which trades gas in germany , the netherlands , switzerland and scandinavia , has said it needs physical energy assets in europe to support its trading business . dynegy is in talks to lower the price of its acquisition of enron , the biggest energy trader , from its current $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt . shares of dynegy rose $ 1 . 64 to $ 40 . 89 yesterday . they have fallen 27 percent this year . enron , also based in houston , rose 10 cents to $ 4 . 11 . the stock has plunged 95 percent this year . - - mark johnson in the princeton newsroom ( 609 ) 750 - 4662 natural gas , electricity trading appears resilient , wsj reports 2001 - 11 - 28 06 : 32 ( new york ) houston , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - despite enron corp . ' s precarious financial condition , the natural gas and electricity trading industry appears relatively resilient and prices haven ' t yet been affected , the wall street journal said . trading companies , which began to take precautionary steps a month ago when news about enron ' s woes were first reported , have moved trading from enrononline to other venues , the paper said . some traders have unwound complex financial bets , while others have simply worked around enron . unlike a traditional commodities exchange , open to all , natural gas and electricity are traded privately , often with contracts between two parties , the journal said . enrononline acts as a buyer and seller , setting the price for which it will buy or sell commodities . however , the energy market remains concerned given the uncertainty of what might happen if dynegy inc . ' s purchase of enron falls through . companies that would benefit from a potential trading void include american electric power co . , duke energy corp . , el paso corp . and morgan stanley dean witter & co . j . p . morgan , citigroup have stakes in enron purchase , wsj says 2001 - 11 - 28 05 : 53 ( new york ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - j . p . morgan chase in both 1998 and 1999 , it had been less than a majority . participants in the plan , which had $ 2 . 14 billion in assets available for benefits , could only do so much to diversify their investments . enron , like many other companies , uses stock rather than cash to match employee contributions and restricts sales of the shares . and they could only guess at the year - end makeup of the plan ' s assets until the end of june , reflecting sec disclosure standards for savings plans . by that time , the stock ' s drop was already well under way . trio of lawsuits enron has since reported $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter charges ; ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow , who ran partnerships that accounted for some of the charges ; restated its results since 1997 ; become the target of an sec investigation into its accounting ; and accepted a takeover bid from dynegy inc . , its biggest rival . the company ' s shares , which ended last year at $ 83 . 13 , fell as low as $ 3 . 83 yesterday amid concern that dynegy might abandon its offer for the houston - based company . they closed at $ 4 . 11 . in response to the plunge , employees in the 401 ( k ) plan - - which allows workers to defer part of their pay and build tax - free savings , and takes its name from a section of the internal revenue service code - - have filed three lawsuits against enron . the suits allege , among other things , that enron prevented employees from shifting investments within the plan between oct . 17 , the day after its disclosure of the charges , and nov . 19 as the company made administrative changes . all three seek class - action status on behalf of the plan ' s participants . the most recent filing came from the gottesdiener law firm , based in washington , on monday . it covers the longest time period : november 1995 to now . falling percentages enron shares accounted for 64 percent of the savings plan ' s assets at the end of 1994 , the year before the period associated with the gottesdiener suit began . the figure reflected a one - time contribution of preferred stock , and rose from 62 percent in 1993 . each preferred share has a face value of $ 100 and is convertible into 27 . 304 common shares . this translates into a conversion price of $ 3 . 66 a share , about 12 percent lower than yesterday ' s closing price . the plan also owned a stake in enron ' s former oil and gas unit , which became eog resources inc . after gaining independence in 1999 . add in those shares , and company stock represented about two - thirds of the 1994 assets . enron ' s common and preferred shares fell to 60 percent of 401 ( k ) assets available for benefits in 1995 , 58 percent in 1996 and 53 percent in 1997 as the u . s . stock market rallied , lifting the value of participants ' investments in equity mutual funds . the shares represented 49 percent of the plan ' s assets in 1998 . the proportion hit bottom at 46 percent in 1999 , when the assets more than doubled - - exceeding the 56 percent increase in enron ' s share price that year - - to $ 1 . 62 billion . how much choice ? then came last year , when the common stock recorded its best performance in more than two decades even as u . s . stocks stumbled . enron rallied 87 percent amid soaring electricity and natural gas prices , while the standard & poor ' s 500 index , a market benchmark that includes the company , fell 10 percent . company shares in the plan rose in value by $ 652 . 7 million , according to an sec filing . the total includes shares bought and sold throughout the year . by contrast , mutual - fund holdings fell by $ 47 million and ` ` other investments ' ' rose by just $ 134 , 000 , the filing said . at year - end , the 401 ( k ) plan owned 13 . 9 million enron common shares and 70 , 000 preferred shares , valued at $ 1 . 32 billion . this total encompasses not only enron ' s matching contributions to the plan , but also employees ' investments with their own money . the company generally provides a 50 percent match , in stock , for the first 6 percent of pay that goes into the plan . employees can ' t sell the shares and move the proceeds into other investment choices until they reach the age of 50 . about 11 percent of the plan ' s stock holdings came from the contributions , said karen denne , an enron spokeswoman . the figure suggests participants invested more heavily in their company than usual for 401 ( k ) participants . waiting for data for the average u . s . plan account , company stock amounted to 19 percent of assets at the end of last year , according to a study done by the employee benefit research institute and the investment company institute and published last week . in any case , enron ' s approach to matching ensures that as much as one - third of the contribution to an employee ' s account takes the form of shares that they can ' t sell right away . anyone who wanted to gauge how this approach , and enron ' s stock performance , affected the plan ' s financial position last year had to wait until june 27 . that ' s when the filing cited earlier arrived at the sec . employee savings and stock - purchase plans , such as 401 ( k ) plans , don ' t have to submit annual reports until 180 days after their fiscal year ends . they can even get a 15 - day extension of the deadline if they need one . by the time enron ' s plan made its annual report , it was already a bit too late to act on the information . the company ' s shares dropped 44 percent between the end of 2000 and the date of the submission . as the filing demonstrated , employees looking to save for retirement had been set up for a fall . - - david wilson in the princeton newsroom ( 609 ) 750 - 4546 enron receives proposal for $ 1 billion investment , ft says 2001 - 11 - 28 00 : 01 ( new york ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . has received a proposal from a group of investors willing to provide the energy trader with more than $ 1 billion , the financial times reported , citing an unidentified person close to the talks . the funding would be provided through an equity investment in the houston - based company , the financial times reported . the investment could assure dynegy inc . that enron can survive for the nine months it may take for dynegy to acquire the company , the paper reported . the new proposal is believed to be different from enron ' s efforts to secure $ 500 million in financing from j . p . morgan and citigroup inc . , the paper reported . it is not clear who is involved in the new consortium , whether enron will accept the proposal or on what terms it was made , the financial times reported . karen denne , a spokeswoman for enron , told the paper that the company was trying to secure $ 500 million to $ 1 billion worth of equity financing and to restructure its debt , the paper said . global investing - enron faces lawsuits over handling of pension plan energy trader ' s employees allege . . . by elizabeth wine . 11 / 28 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved global investing - enron faces lawsuits over handling of pension plan energy trader ' s employees allege assets were frozen . enron , the troubled energy trading company , is facing four lawsuits for its handling of its employee retirement plan , one of which claims $ 850 m in losses . enron employees allege that the company froze the plan ' s assets , stopping them from selling company shares they held in the plan as the stock price plunged . the third suit , filed on monday night by the washington , dc - based gottesdiener law firm , also claims enron breached its fiduciary duty over the retirement plan when it sold employees company stock knowing the share price was artificially high . enron shares have fallen from a high of $ 90 in august 2000 to a 52 - week low of $ 4 . 01 as of monday ' s close . its shares began a rapid fall from about $ 30 in mid - october on news of improper accounting practices . between october 17 and november 19 , enron " locked down " the retirement plan , barring employees from selling their shares . from the market ' s close on october 16 to november 19 , enron shares lost 73 per cent of their value . eli gottesdiener , gottesdiener ' s principal , said that his claim of $ 850 m was based on the drop in the value of the company stock in the pension fund from $ 1 . 3 bn at the start of the year to about $ 100 m today . enron shares accounted for about 60 per cent of the $ 2 . 1 bn plan ' s assets at the end of 2000 , according to another of the lawsuits , filed by the law firm campbell harrison last week . that amount was far too high for prudent diversification of investment , mr gottesdiener said . this was in addition to his objection to enron ' s " lockdown " , which forced employees to watch as their retirement savings plunged while the fund underwent administrative changes . " we allege a breach of fiduciary duty under the circumstances , " he said . " knowing that people would want to sell their stock , and realising that enron was not the company they thought it was , under those circumstances , to lock people in , was grossly negligent and a violation of enron ' s duty . " the lawsuits raise several issues , such as a company ' s fiduciary duty in offering its own shares to employees in a retirement plan , and its right to ban employees from selling shares . defined contribution plans such as enron ' s , in which employees allocate their retirement money from a menu of choices including mutual funds and company stock , are regulated by the labor department . they are not overseen by the securities and exchange commission , which oversees traditional mutual funds . no regulation limits companies ' ability to start such " lockdowns " , beyond basic fiduciary duty . as a result , there is little day - to - day oversight of the management of the investments , said geoff bobroff , a former sec attorney and financial services industry consultant . an older type of employee retirement plan - a defined benefit plan - has a 10 per cent limit on the amount of company stock that can be held in the pension fund because these plans are administered entirely by the company . but the legislation does not extend to defined contribution plans . mr gottesdiener said part of the reason he was bringing the lawsuit was to push for legislation to place the same 10 per cent cap on company stock in defined contribution plans that exists for defined benefit plans . he added that when a company matched the employee contribution with its own stock alone , it pushed employees to buy more company stock , forsaking prudent diversification . " as long as companies match their employees ' contributions in their own stock , people take that as implicit investment advice . " enron ' s only matching contributions were in company stock . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - enron works to save dynegy bid . by andrew hill and sheila mcnulty . 11 / 28 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron was yesterday locked in negotiations with dynegy , its energy trading rival , about reworking the details of dynegy ' s rescue bid . dynegy is understood to be considering halving the value of the all - stock bid in the light of enron ' s deepening financial crisis . john sousa , spokesman for dynegy , said : " i can confirm that we are in discussions with the parties involved in the transaction related to the structure of the deal . " dynegy ' s bid , launched on november 9 , is worth $ 11 a share - or $ 9 . 4 bn - but the enron shares were trading yesterday morning at $ 4 . 12 . enron ' s fate still depends on dynegy ' s commitment to the deal , lenders ' willingness to restructure their loans , and credit ratings agencies ' decision not to downgrade enron debt to junk status . a downgrade by the large rating agencies would trigger a series of collateral calls by trading counterparties . it would also oblige enron to repay about $ 3 . 3 bn of bonds . karen denne , enron spokeswoman , said : " we ' re still working on an equity infusion of $ 500 m to $ 1 bn . and we ' re still working on restructuring our debt . " the most likely investors are jp morgan chase and citigroup , which have already extended a $ 1 bn secured credit line to enron and are the energy group ' s principal advisers on the dynegy deal . " you have five moving parts : dynegy , chevron - texaco ( which owns 26 per cent of dynegy ) , enron , citigroup and chase . all these people are horse trading , " said john olson , of sanders morris harris , a houston - based investment banking and securities firm . people close to the negotiations said enron was seeking further guarantees from dynegy that it would not pull out of the deal . enron is also seeking further cash on top of the $ 1 . 5 bn dynegy has already committed with the backing of chevrontexaco . andre meade , an analyst with commerzbank securities , said that even if the deal were completed " the underlying earnings associated with enron ' s trading and marketing business may be significantly lower than dynegy anticipates " . creditsights , a credit research group , said the mounting shareholder and employee litigation against enron risked triggering a clause that allows dynegy to walk away if potential liabilities exceed $ 3 . 5 bn . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . world stock markets - black clouds of pessimism hang over wall street americas . by mary chung . 11 / 28 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved us stocks posted sharp losses in morning trading as unexpectedly weak consumer confidence data sparked a broad sell - off on wall street . by midsession , the dow jones industrial average was off 111 . 26 at 9 , 871 . 49 while the s & p 500 index had given up 11 . 33 at 1 , 146 . the nasdaq composite lost 27 . 91 at 1 , 913 . 32 . after overcoming the previous session ' s gloomy news that the economy is officially in recession , investors turned decisively pessimistic after the consumer confidence index dropped for the fifth consecutive month . technology stocks were hit the hardest . intel fell 2 per cent to $ 31 . 28 , microsoft 3 . 4 per cent at $ 62 . 94 and cisco systems shed 1 . 3 per cent at $ 19 . 67 . online retailers , that saw sharp gains following the thanksgiving weekend as optimism grew for a surge in online holiday sales , lost momentum . amazon dropped 6 . 4 per cent at $ 11 . 43 and ebay shed 3 per cent at $ 63 . 13 . " we had weaker - than - expected confidence data , which spurred some profit taking , " said bryan piskorowski , a market commentator for prudential financial . " but all said and done , we had a nice run and it ' s not surprising to see the market give back some ground . " telecommunications stocks slid after nokia , the world ' s largest mobile phone maker , downgraded estimates for worldwide handset sales for 2001 and painted a cautious picture for 2002 . motorola retreated 2 . 2 per cent at $ 17 . 56 . a us court issued an injunction preventing rambus from asserting some of its patents against infineon , the german memory chip maker . rambus shed 7 per cent at $ 9 . 40 . retail stocks were lower as kmart dropped 5 . 4 per cent at $ 6 . 48 after the discount retailer reported a heavier quarterly loss than a year ago . wal - mart slipped 0 . 6 per cent at $ 55 . 40 and home depot gave up 5 per cent at $ 43 . 35 and was the biggest loser on the dow . dow components were all trading lower with american express off 1 . 7 per cent at $ 34 . 51 and exxon mobil down 0 . 3 per cent at $ 37 . 57 . enron , the embattled energy trading company , dipped 0 . 2 per cent to $ 4 , weighed down by talk of renegotiations with dynegy . toronto edged lower in early trading as the weak opening for us equities sparked technology stock selling and countered the day ' s good news story - a 50 basis points cut for interest rates by the bank of canada . by midsession the s & p 300 composite index was off 0 . 1 per cent at 7 , 457 . 70 . nortel networks shed 16 cents at c $ 12 . 57 and celestica came off 75 cents at c $ 66 . talisman energy overcame concerns about crude oil prices , adding 22 cents at c $ 55 . 60 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones metro desk enron ' s many victims 11 / 28 / 2001 los angeles times home edition b - 12 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company enron , the houston energy company that helped throw california into crisis last year , spirals downward . its stock has fallen from a high of near $ 85 to $ 4 tuesday . a planned rescue - merger is being renegotiated , and enron ' s executives are disgraced . the only shame in this is that 15 , 000 enron employees have seen their retirement accounts tank right along with the company stock . we can only wish them luck in their lawsuit filed this week against the company , which urged them right up until the stock crashed to keep buying enron , then froze the retirement fund so employees couldn ' t sell their stock while the price skidded . the freeze was billed as an administrative necessity while plan managers were being changed . considering that enron chairman kenneth l . lay made about $ 145 million on his stock options in 2000 and the first few months of 2001 alone , maybe he ' ll volunteer to cover some of the $ 890 million in retirement plan losses . fat chance . ditto the nearly $ 60 million that former enron president jeffrey k . skilling cleared on his options in 2000 . it was skilling ' s august resignation that helped trigger enron ' s decline - - that and disclosures that its executives had formed off - the - books partnerships that essentially concealed company debt . enron ' s employees aren ' t the only ones holding the bag . enron and its chairman , lay , essentially invented market trading in electric power . lay was also a chief energy advisor to president bush , as he had been to bush ' s father . along with a handful of other companies , enron profited so handsomely from deregulation that california consumers , except those in areas with municipal power like los angeles , will pay the price in higher electric bills for years . pacific gas & electric declared bankruptcy , and southern california edison nearly did . the state itself is deeply in debt for the power it was forced to buy . major shareholders in enron , including the state employee pension fund , got burned . there is a lot of blame to pass around - - after all , edison itself was a main cheerleader for deregulation - - but enron remains a fat target . lay ' s tendency to fulminate at the state and its officials at the height of the electricity crisis for not getting onto the free - market bandwagon deepened the wounds . when the price bubble fell victim to this year ' s cool summer , a declining economy and the state ' s purchase of long - term power contracts , the damage was done . californians can hope that the securities and exchange commission will require companies to disclose the sorts of shenanigans that concealed enron ' s debt . voters can ask themselves whether state legislators ' inexperience , a product of term limits , helped produce such a shoddily constructed deal on deregulation . nothing will bring back the ordinary shareholders ' lost money . at least the enron employee lawsuit stands a chance of recovering some percentage of the retirement fund loss , even if not a penny comes from kenneth lay ' s $ 145 million . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial dynegy asks enron for new terms peter behr washington post staff writer 11 / 28 / 2001 the washington post final eol copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved dynegy inc . is insisting on steeply cutting the price of the $ 23 billion rescue offer it made to energy trading competitor enron corp . , as the companies ' executives yesterday continued to hash out financial and legal issues standing in the way of a new agreement . dynegy confirmed that it was pressing enron for new terms , following the latest collapse of enron ' s stock price after the companies ' original nov . 9 acquisition agreement . neither company would discuss the parameters of a new deal . dynegy is believed to be seeking a reduction of about 45 percent in its original offer , which involved a stock swap and assumption of about $ 15 billion in enron debt . more critical than the stock exchange ratio , however , is how enron will raise more cash and capital to stay solvent over the six to nine months that regulators are expected to take to review a dynegy - enron deal , analysts said . enron has $ 7 billion in debts that come due over the next 12 months . under the original deal , enron shareholders would receive about $ 10 . 50 a share - - more than twice the stock ' s current market value . enron shares closed yesterday at $ 4 . 11 , up 10 cents , while dynegy closed at $ 40 . 89 , up $ 1 . 64 . the new york times and wall street journal reported details of the negotiations on monday . enron has little if any leverage , analysts said , predicting that a breakdown in the negotiations could trigger a series of events that would force the nation ' s largest energy trading firm and champion of deregulation into bankruptcy reorganization . " i don ' t think they have a choice , " said ralph pellecchia , a credit analyst with the fitch inc . bond - rating service . enron ' s stock - - which traded as high as $ 84 earlier this year - - plummeted after a chain reaction of shocks over the past month tied to enron ' s disclosures that some executives were involved in investment partnerships whose debts were kept off enron ' s balance sheet . the securities and exchange commission launched an investigation of enron ' s finances and enron had to make a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholders ' equity and acknowledge a $ 586 million reduction in earnings for the past four years . ratings services have withheld new assessments of enron ' s creditworthiness while the companies attempt to restructure their deal . the ratings assessments are critical because enron ' s debt is now rated just one step above junk bond status . if it sinks to that level , lenders could begin demanding repayment on more than $ 3 billion in enron debt , precipitating what would likely be a fatal cash drain , analysts said . " enron ' s investment grade rating is based in great part on the expectation that the merger with dynegy will go forward , " pellecchia said . growing concerns about enron ' s survival have stymied attempts by its bankers , j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . , to raise as much as $ 2 billion for enron over the past two weeks . the two banks are prepared to advance $ 250 million each and are trying to find other lenders willing to advance up to $ 1 . 5 billion more , according to sources familiar with the plan . meanwhile , some companies have avoided selling energy to enron ' s trading operation , fearing they won ' t be paid . investors and lenders urgently need a clear signal that dynegy is determined to proceed , on new terms , pellecchia and other analysts said . the combination of the two companies would create a dominant trading operation in energy products and related financial instruments , but regulatory reviews are likely to extend for six months or more , and investors want to see whether dynegy is prepared to stay that course . another ongoing issue is the mounting lawsuits against enron by shareholders and employees . under the merger agreement , dynegy can walk away if it judges that the successful claims against enron from such suits will exceed $ 3 . 5 billion . several enron employees have filed suit claiming that the company mismanaged its 401 ( k ) employee retirement plan , which , combined with concealment of its financial problems , has devastated employees ' savings . the suit cites enron ' s policy that the company ' s matching contributions would be made only in enron stock , and that employees could not sell these shares until they reached age 50 . additionally , enron froze the retirement accounts from the close of trading oct . 26 , about the time when the depth of its problems was becoming clear , until the morning of nov . 13 , in order to make a planned change in the management of the account , a company spokesman said . ( the employee lawsuit contends that the freeze covered a slightly longer period . ) during the freeze , employees could not sell enron shares that they had purchased as their retirement contribution . " the message to employees [ investing in enron stock ] was , everything was going great , " said washington lawyer eli gottesdiener , who represents the employees in the suit . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk dynegy refigures enron offer takeover : buyer lowers price ; energy trader ' s stock stabilizes . rating agencies show restraint . thomas s . mulligan times staff writer 11 / 28 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 3 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company new york - - the dramatic slide in the stock of energy trader enron corp . halted tuesday , as its intended rescuer , rival dynegy inc . , confirmed that it is renegotiating the terms of the takeover . wall street read the news as a sign of at least some improvement in the chances that the deal will go through . but enron stock rose only 10 cents to $ 4 . 11 in new york stock exchange trading , so confidence in enron ' s survivability remains tepid , traders said . dynegy shares rallied $ 1 . 64 , or 4 % , to $ 40 . 89 on the big board , as investors anticipated a new deal at a lower price . reached tuesday evening , a spokeswoman for enron said , " we don ' t expect an announcement tonight . " the two companies , both based in houston , have agreed on a new price of 0 . 15 dynegy share for each enron share , or $ 6 . 13 a share at tuesday ' s closing price for dynegy , a person familiar with the negotiations said tuesday . that revalued figure is more than 40 % below the original price announced nov . 9 . the terms also would include another interim infusion of cash to help stabilize enron ' s trading business and enable it to make a $ 690 - million payment due creditors dec . 14 , the person said . he said it was unclear how big the infusion would be and whether the money all would come from dynegy and its 26 % owner , chevrontexaco corp . , or whether a portion would come from enron ' s bankers as part of a restructuring of enron ' s debt . chevrontexaco provided enron an immediate $ 1 . 5 billion in cash at the time the takeover was announced . in return , enron agreed to sell its northern natural gas co . pipeline subsidiary to dynegy . enron ' s efforts to attract additional equity investments of up to $ 2 billion so far have failed . bloomberg news reported tuesday that enron ' s bankers , led by j . p . morgan chase & co . , have had their overtures rejected by saudi prince alwaleed bin talal , carlyle group inc . and blackstone group . the major credit - rating agencies again tuesday refrained from downgrading enron ' s bonds to junk status , awaiting word of a restructured deal . some analysts theorized that , by deferring a downgrade of enron ' s bonds to junk status , rating agencies were cutting the company more slack than normal because they are conscious that such a downgrade would send the company into bankruptcy . that in turn could cause what one analyst termed a meltdown of financial markets , given enron ' s long reach in accounting for as much as 25 % of all electric power and natural gas traded globally . ronald m . barone , analyst at standard & poor ' s rating agency in new york , said he was surprised no deal was struck as of tuesday evening . " we ' re still waiting , " he said . under the terms of some of its controversial deals involving limited partnerships established and run by former enron executives , a rating cut to below investment grade would trigger a requirement that enron make immediate cash payments to creditors . such payments would total $ 3 . 9 billion , enron said in a recent filing with the securities and exchange commission . the sec is investigating the limited - partnership arrangements and the circumstances that caused enron to dramatically restate its official financial statements , erasing more than $ 580 million in reported profit since 1997 . enron also faces a raft of lawsuits by ordinary stockholders and by employees who contend they were misled about the firm ' s financial condition and induced to invest in company stock when executives knew it was overvalued . enron ' s core trading business has been deteriorating as nervous trading partners have reduced their exposure to a possible bankruptcy , said energy analyst michael heim at a . g . edwards those deals are evaporating as enron ' s fate remains uncertain , he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ratings agencies agree to hold off on ratings move on enron for now - wsj 11 / 28 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - representatives of moody ' s investors service inc , standard & poor ' s corp and fitch inc yesterday agreed to hold off on making any ratings move on the long - term debt of enron corp , which is currently just one notch above junk status , the wall street journal reported citing people close to the talks . the ratings agencies yesterday met with executives of enron and dynegy inc , which is trying to buy enron , as the companies continued talks aimed at salvaging their two - week old deal . a downgrade to junk status would be critical for the troubled enron , as it would trigger payment obligations on a large part of its debt , which totals about 13 bln usd , 9 bln usd of which is due by the end of next year . the company may find itself on the hook for an additional 7 bln usd in off - balance - sheet debt and another 3 . 9 bln usd in potential liabilities , related to troubled investment partnerships , if its credit rating drops to below investment grade , fitch analyst ralph pellecchia said , according to the paper . it would also make it more expensive for the company to raise the financing needed to keep its trading operations alive . enron yesterday informally agreed to a new share - exchange ratio of 0 . 12 shares of dynegy for each enron share owned , down more than 50 pct from the original ratio of 0 . 2685 dynegy shares for each enron share owned , the paper said . but the new ratio , which values enron at 4 . 91 usd a share , or a total of 4 . 17 bln usd , compared with the original value of 10 . 98 usd a share , or a total of 9 . 33 bln usd , has not been officially agreed upon , and talks - - which are reported to be tense - - are set to continue . the talks began at the weekend , sparked by a steep decline in enron ' s share price in the past two weeks following revelations of new liquidity problems in a filing to the sec last week . cl / jad copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy completes bg storage ltd buy 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5400 copyright ? 2000 dow jones the timing and extent of deregulation of energy markets in the u . s . and europe ; the timing of required approvals for the dynegy / enron merger and the success of integration and cost savings measures relating to the merger ; the effectiveness of dynegy ' s risk management policies and procedures and the creditworthiness of customers and counterparties ; the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale trading markets for energy commodities , including the impact of electronic or online trading in these markets ; operational factors affecting dynegy ' s power generation or dynegy ' s midstream natural gas facilities ; uncertainties regarding the development of , and competition within , the market for communications services in the u . s . and europe ; uncertainties regarding environmental regulations or litigation and other legal or regulatory developments affecting dynegy ' s business ; general political , economic and financial market conditions ; and any extended period of war or conflict involving the united states or europe . moreover , dynegy ' s expectation that the acquisition will be accretive to earnings in 2002 and beyond is based upon achieving certain sales projections , meeting certain cost targets and successfully integrating the acquired assets . more information about the risks and uncertainties relating to these forward - looking statements are found in dynegy ' s sec filings , which are available free of charge on the sec ' s web site at http : / / www . sec . gov . contact : dynegy inc . media : u . s . john sousa or steve stengel , 713 / 767 - 5800 or europe david keane , 020 8334 7266 or analysts : margaret nollen , arthur shannon or katie pipkin , 713 / 507 - 6466 06 : 10 est november 28 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : india ' s ongc says rejects bg offer on fields . 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . bombay , nov 28 ( reuters ) - india ' s oil and natural gas corporation ( ongc ) has rejected a bid by british energy giant bg plc to become the operator of three prized oil and gas fields off india ' s west coast , an ongc spokeswoman said on wednesday . the decision could jeopardise the british oil and gas producer ' s $ 388 - million deal to buy a 30 percent stake in the fields from u . s . energy firm enron corp . the deal , signed in october , was conditional on bg becoming the operator of the fields with full control over day - to - day management . the ongc board , which met late on tuesday evening , decided that bg ' s offer was not " sufficiently responsive " for it to become the operator of the fields , the spokeswoman told reuters . she did not elaborate on the reasons for rejecting the bg bid . ongc ' s move could also affect enron , which desperately needs cash to stave off a mounting debt crisis in the united states . the houston - based energy trader needs at least $ 1 billion cash to shore up its balance sheet and keep rating agencies from junking its debt . the spokesman for bg was not immediately available for comment . the panna , mukta and tapti fields , considered one of india ' s prized discoveries in the last two decades , were being jointly owned by ongc , enron oil and gas india ltd , wholly - owned unit of enron corp , and reliance industries ltd , the country ' s biggest petrochemicals maker . the panna - mukta oilfields have recoverable reserves of 184 million barrels of oil and oil equivalent gas . they are proposed to be expanded to 214 ( mmboe ) . the tapti gas field has reserves of 96 . 3 billion cubic metres of gas equivalent . enron , with 30 percent stake , was the sole operator , and bg wanted that situation to continue after the buyout . but this was opposed by ongc and reliance . both companies staked their own independent claims , saying that they had the expertise to manage the fields on their own . bg then tried to solve the dispute by offering ongc the right to operate another field in brazil if it withdrew its claim for panna , mukta and tapti . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . australia : pacific hydro to select wind turbine maker . 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . melbourne , nov 28 ( reuters ) - renewable power generator pacific hydro ltd said on wednesday it expected to select a wind turbine company to set up australian manufacturing for its proposed a $ 300 million portland wind farm by mid - january . pacific hydro managing director jeff harding said the company had shortlisted danish company neg micon and a consortium of enron corp and siemens . " we will select them within the next six to eight weeks or so , but the manufacturing will only go ahead if we get approval for the project , " he said . the selected manufacturer would initially provide turbines for the portland project , but harding said it was expected to provide the base for other wind project manufacturing . a number of companies are looking at boosting wind generation in australia as a result of a federal government target to boost renewable energy use by two percent by 2010 . pacific hydro ' s portland project would comprise 120 wind generators with a capacity of about 180 mw , and is expecting to gain environmental approvals around april next year . the company , which also has a range of hydro projects in australia and asia , has identified 2 , 991 mw of potential australian wind generation projects . " we expect to have a minimum of 500 mw operational within three to four years , " harding said . pacific hydro is a joint venture partner with aboitiz in the phillipines 70 mw bakun hydro project which started operation during the past financial year . work on the second stage of bakun , which will boost output by 50 percent , is due to start in 2002 , with pacific hydro and aboitiz , also planning another hydro project . pacific hydro reported a net profit after tax and abnormals of a $ 26 . 9 million for the year ended june 30 , up from a $ 8 . 8 million the year previously due to the start of bakun and an abnormal foreign exchange benefit . harding said the profit growth would slow this financial year , with the portland project not likely to make its first contribution until 2002 / 03 . " it will be slightly ahead of last year but we won ' t have that quantum jump which we had this last year , that reflected the completion of bakun , " he said . pacific hydro shares ended wednesday up seven cents at a $ 4 . 30 , while the broader market was down 0 . 1 percent . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . inplay dynegy confirms it ' s renegotiating enron deal 11 / 28 / 2001 the daily deal copyright ( c ) 2001 the deal llc enron corp . - dynegy inc . houston energy firm dynegy inc . confirmed tuesday it is renegotiating its acquisition of crosstown rival enron corp . dynegy spokesman steve stengel said the company is in discussions with the parties involved in the transaction " in relation to the structure of the deal . " he would not elaborate . enron did not return calls seeking comment . sources close to the transaction said monday the two were back at the negotiating table after a steep drop in enron ' s stock price , and analysts said dynegy was pushing for $ 5 . 25 per share . the wall street journal said the two were discussing a valuation haircut of about 40 % , from $ 10 . 41 per share , or a total of $ 9 billion , to less than $ 6 per share , or a total of about $ 5 billion . - claire poole www . thedeal . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones n 3 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) the high - profile deal to merge energy marketers enron corp . and dynegy inc . has gone back to the drawing board . meanwhile , enron reportedly has made progress securing more than $ 1 . 5 billion in new cash to keep its business stable while it renegotiates with dynegy . dynegy confirmed tuesday that it is in talks to renegotiate its $ 9 billion deal to buy its larger but troubled rival . the disclosure sent enron shares up 2 . 5 percent , apparently easing some investors ' concerns that the deal would fall through . in trading on the new york stock exchange , enron shares rose 10 cents to close at $ 4 . 11 - - a stark contrast to days of double - digit declines . dynegy shares rose $ 1 . 64 , to $ 40 . 89 . " there are discussions occurring related to the structure of the transaction , " said dynegy spokesman steve stengel . while news that the two houston - based companies were renegotiating temporarily appeased investors , observers said they won ' t be confident about the deal ' s future until they hear details about new cash infusions to help keep enron afloat . " putting more money into the deal to shore up enron ' s credit situation , that would be a sign that dynegy would be committed to the deal going through , " said analyst mike heim of a . g . edwards & sons . late tuesday , the financial times of london reported on its web site that a consortium of investors is proposing a $ 1 billion equity investment in enron , citing a person close to the talks . the newspaper didn ' t identify these investors , but said an agreement could be announced wednesday . separately , the wall street journal reported on its web site that j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . ' s citibank , which are advising on the dynegy buyout , have agreed to invest $ 500 million in the merged company and have said they would consider increasing that amount if they fail to find additional outside investors for the deal . the journal , citing people close to the discussions , also said dynegy and enron have tentatively agreed to cut the value of the all - stock deal in half . under the new deal , enron shareholders would get 0 . 12 dynegy share for each enron share held . that would value enron at $ 4 . 17 billion . the original deal , valued at $ 9 billion , was based on an exchange rate of 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each enron share . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 6 - enron , dynegy hammer away at new merger deal . by c . bryson hull and arindam nag 11 / 27 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 27 ( reuters ) - energy trader dynegy inc . and floundering rival enron corp . hammered away at new terms for their proposed merger late tuesday , and sources said talks included a buyout offer half the original price and fervent efforts to secure financing to stave off a credit downgrade . the sources familiar with the negotiations said investment banks j . p . morgan and citigroup , who are advisors and have already loaned enron a total of $ 1 billion , may have to step up with a combined $ 500 million to help save the deal . this follows several rebuffs of enron by prominent private equity firms , although a source said the houston company was entertaining an offer of $ 1 billion from outside investors . dynegy had planned to buy its houston rival for $ 9 billion in stock and is currently in a " due diligence " examination of enron ' s complex financial records that began before the thanksgiving holiday last thursday . the first buyout offer , finalized nov . 9 , would have had dynegy paying about $ 10 . 41 for each share of enron , but enron ' s shares have since cratered to near $ 4 , stoking investor fears the merger will not go through . it is abundantly clear that the deal will be changed if it is to proceed . sources close to the negotiations said the stock exchange ratio is likely to fall into the range of 0 . 12 to 0 . 15 dynegy shares for each enron share , about half of the originally proposed valuation of 0 . 2685 to 1 . enron had tentatively accepted the lower end of that range , but a source cautioned that the talks were still very active and the terms very fluid . also on the table were negotiations to extend maturation of enron ' s debt past the close of the merger , expected in the third quarter of 2002 , as another move against a credit cut . outside offer entertained as for the outside offer of $ 1 billion , a source said the investment is designed to shore up enron ' s balance sheet and keep rating agencies from junking its credit . a credit downgrade would cause some $ 3 . 9 billion in obligations to become due immediately . " it ' s all about getting money to protect assets and intellectual property , " the source told reuters . an announcement could come as early as wednesday , but it could take longer , the source said . the source declined to identify the parties , and would neither confirm or deny that goldman sachs was among them . sources close to the investment bank have told reuters recently that goldman is looking at ways to be part of enron ' s power trading business . dynegy spokesman john sousa declined to comment on what he termed speculation about parties to the deal . enron ' s shares bounced slightly on tuesday after dynegy confirmed the restructuring talks . shares closed up 13 cents at $ 4 . 14 on the new york stock exchange . dynegy ' s shares gained 4 . 2 percent or $ 1 . 64 to $ 40 . 89 on the nyse . another set of clouds darkening enron ' s sky is the fact that its pursuit of private equity financing has found few takers among the more prominent private equity firms . three new york - based buyout firms , blackstone group , clayton dubilier & rice and warburg pincus llc have all passed on enron , according to people familiar with enron ' s efforts . and washington , d . c . - based carlyle group , another major private equity firm , is also not interested in enron , carlyle spokesman chris ullman said . some private equity executives who have looked at enron say too much remains unclear about enron ' s financial condition to commit funds in the near future . one certainty is that layoffs are in enron ' s future . three sources confirmed to reuters that enron ' s equity trading unit is being closed and that the roughly 60 employees there are being laid off . an enron spokesman would not comment on the cuts . those layoffs , part of broader job cuts expected as part of the dynegy buyout , point to an acute problem for enron - the loss of volume in its trading franchise , the crown jewel most coveted by dynegy . enron ' s trading partners have been cutting back transactions with north america ' s largest energy trader because of credit concerns . " this business is hugely dependent on volumes and volume growth . it is the principal reason that dynegy is making the deal . if it ' s worth a lot less , then enron is worth less . it ' s vital to stop the bleeding in its core trading and marketing business , " said commerzbank analyst andre meade . ( nag reported from new york . additional reporting by jeff goldfarb , dane hamilton , janet mcgurty and jonathan stempel in new york ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . new negotiations for dynegy purchase of enron sends shares higher by juan a . lozano associated press writer 11 / 27 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - the high - profile deal to merge energy marketers enron corp . and dynegy inc . has gone back to the drawing board . meanwhile , enron reportedly has made progress securing more than dlrs 1 . 5 billion in new cash to keep its business stable while it renegotiates with dynegy . in a move that sent enron shares higher after days of double - digit declines , dynegy confirmed tuesday that it is in talks to renegotiate its dlrs 9 billion deal to buy its larger but financially troubled rival . the disclosure that the two companies are revisiting the terms sent enron shares up 2 . 5 percent , apparently easing some investors ' concerns that the deal would fall through . " there are discussions occurring related to the structure of the transaction , " said dynegy spokesman steve stengel , who declined to elaborate . while news that the two houston - based companies were renegotiating temporarily appeased investors , observers said they won ' t be confident about the deal ' s future until they hear details about new cash infusions to help keep enron afloat . " putting more money into the deal to shore up enron ' s credit situation , that would be a sign that dynegy would be committed to the deal going through , " said mike heim , an analyst with a . g . edwards & sons . late tuesday , the financial times of london reported on its web site that a new consortium of investors is proposing making a dlrs 1 billion equity investment in enron , citing a person close to the talks . the newspaper didn ' t identify these investors , but said an agreement could be announced as soon as wednesday . separately , the wall street journal reported on its web site that j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . ' s citibank , which are advising on the dynegy buyout , have agreed to invest dlrs 500 million in the merged company and have said they would consider increasing that amount if they fail to find additional outside investors to take part in the deal . the journal , citing people close to the discussions , also said dynegy and enron have tentatively agreed to cut the value of the all - stock deal in half . under a deal informally agreed to by enron ' s board , enron shareholders would get 0 . 12 dynegy share for each enron share held . that would value enron at dlrs 4 . 17 billion . the original deal , valued at dlrs 9 . 3 billion , was based on an exchange rate of 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each enron share . as a condition of the reduced price , enron executives were seeking more control of the combined company , the journal said . raymond james analyst jon kyle cartwright said the buyout will hinge on dynegy ' s ability to reinvigorate enron ' s trading operation , which has been hurt as some energy companies have stopped selling it power and natural gas for fear they won ' t be paid . many energy traders who have shied away from doing business with enron worry that the company will go bankrupt , said charlie sanchez , energy markets manager for gelber & associates , a houston - based energy trading firm . restoring customer and investor faith " is not impossible . but it ' s more of an issue of gradually rebuilding ( enron ' s ) confidence and legacy and developing confidence in the new legacy under dynegy . it ' s just going to take time , " he said . but fadel gheit , an analyst with fahnestock & co . inc . said enron is a bad investment and that dynegy underestimated its potential liabilities after it announced nov . 9 that it would buy the company at a price valuing enron at about dlrs 10 per share . under the terms of the deal , dynegy also would assume dlrs 13 billion in enron debt . " chasing enron is like trying to catch a falling knife , " gheit wrote tuesday in a research note to investors . stengel , the dynegy spokesman , declined comment when asked if an announcement of renegotiated terms is expected soon . enron spokesman vance meyer said the company had no comment about any discussions related to the merger and that enron expected the deal to be completed . in trading on the new york stock exchange , enron shares rose 10 cents to close at dlrs 4 . 11 - a stark contrast to trading a day earlier that saw enron shares dip to an all - time low of dlrs 3 . 76 before closing down 15 percent at dlrs 4 . 01 . dynegy shares rose dlrs 1 . 64 to dlrs 40 . 89 on the nyse . enron ' s stock has plummeted more than 95 percent from its february 52 - week high of dlrs 84 . 87 , after a series of disclosures relating to the company ' s complicated finances raised concerns about its financial viability . enron last month revealed that partnerships run by its executives had allowed the company to keep about half a billion in debt off its books and allowed the executives to profit from the arrangements . enron ' s dealings with those partnerships are now the subject of a securities and exchange commission investigation . the company ousted its top financial officer in october , and several weeks ago restated its earnings back to 1997 - eliminating more than dlrs 580 million in reported income . - - - on the net : http : / / www . enron . com http : / / www . dynegy . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron woes bite into its energy trading . by james jelter 11 / 27 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . san francisco , nov 27 ( reuters ) - former energy trading giant enron ' s financial straits and plunging share price are drying up its core business as other market players seek out safer trading partners . while most u . s . utilities and trading houses say they are still striking deals with enron , they also admit now to slashing their financial exposure to the battered company . " we haven ' t stopped trading with enron , " said terry francisco , a spokesman for rival duke energy . " we will continue to closely monitor the situation and make prudent adjustments when necessary in accordance with our credit policies , " he added . for enron , those policies are starting to sting . the company has seen its credit rating cut to just above " junk " status following disclosure of off - balance sheet dealings by a senior officer and a downward revision of its earnings for the past four years . enron , which until recently handled 20 percent of the north american electricity and natural gas market , has seen its share price plummet from a year high of $ 84 . 88 to close today at a mere $ 4 . 14 on the new york stock exchange . cross - town rival dynegy inc . agreed earlier this month to buy enron in a stock deal valued at $ 10 . 55 a share . but given enron shares ' continued slump , dynegy said tuesday it was seeking to renegotiate the deal . dearth of sellers amid all this bad news , energy traders said they were now reluctant to sell energy to enron . this , in turn , has raised concerns enron might have a hard time securing enough power and gas to meet its long - term sales commitments , though there so far has been no evidence it has missed any deliveries or failed to pay for what it buys . nevertheless , mirant corp . , another of the nation ' s top energy trading houses , confirmed tuesday it was no longer willing to sell energy products to enron . " right now , we ' re just purchasing from them , " mirant spokesman chuck griffin said . this cautionary approach was also confirmed at several municipal and federal power companies , including the mighty bonneville power administration ( bpa ) in portland , oregon . " we have severely limited our business with enron , " said stephen oliver , vice president of power marketing for bpa , which sells wholesale electricity from a string of huge dams along the northwest ' s columbia river . oliver said bpa , which has done business with enron for six years , owes the company money but he declined to say how much . " we have zeroed out their credit limit , and any business going forward with enron would be within the amount of money owed to them , " he said . payment up front enron ' s shaky financial status has prompted some traders to demand payment up front , a move taken by the western area power administration ( wapa ) , which markets hydroelectricity from 56 federal dams for the u . s . department of energy . wapa spokeswoman laverne kyriss said some of their regional offices have halted spot market dealings with enron and are seeking to renegotiate a 10 - year deal to buy power from enron . " we are working to protect our utility customers and the federal government , " kyriss said . traders throughout the utility industry said they had curbed or dropped long - term trades with enron , which involve deals lasting anywhere from a week to several years . as enron ' s financial woes deepen , traders said they are searching for " sleeves " , or middlemen , to provide a financial buffer in brokered spot market deals with the company . in such a deal , a utility , for example , will offer to sell its surplus electricity or gas through a broker , trusting the broker to line up the best anonymous bid in the market . if the top bidder turns out to be enron , many utilities will turn down the deal unless they have a middleman willing to take ownership and guarantee payment of the energy being sold . this allows a utility trader to indirectly conduct business with enron while staying within the utility ' s credit limits . taking a toll the toll all this is taking on enron ' s business is hard to measure . enron , like most trading houses , does not disclose its market positions or how much of its activity is wrapped up at any given time in natural gas or electricity - its two biggest markets - or its other energy and financial transactions . " we don ' t break things out by type of product , " enron spokesman eric thode said . thode said the company had seen a drop in trading volume , about 60 percent of which is conducted over its prized enrononline internet trading system and 40 percent in the over - the - counter market . but the company ' s 30 - day rolling trade average showed enron was doing about 5 , 400 transactions a day , with a daily notional value of $ 2 . 8 billion , which is well within its daily average of 4 , 700 to 5 , 700 transactions this year . " certainly , our volumes have dropped below our 30 - day rolling average . . . but confidence is still being shown by the great majority of our trading partners , " thode said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business enron / dynergy renogotiate mergercnnfn bruce francis , kathleen hays 11 / 27 / 2001 cnnfn : markets impact ( c ) copyright federal document clearing house . all rights reserved . bruce francis , cnnfn anchor , markets impact : well , some on wall street doubt that enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) can survive until the merger . and our next guest is one of them . kathleen hays , cnnfn anchor , markets impact : brian youngberg is a utilities analyst at edward jones . he ` s joining us now from st . louis . welcome . brian youngberg , utilities analyst , edward jones : thank you for having me . hays : well , we ` re happy to have you here , brian . but this unhappy situation with enron , this is like a soap opera that just gets worse and worse by the day . and you ` re - - you are then fairly pessimistic that anything ` s going to come of this . youngberg : well , i think they may announce some sort of restructuring . you know , the problem i have right now is really the time frame . you know , you ` re talking of having the company , enron , surviving for another nine months or so on its own . it ` s struggled to survive these last two weeks since the original deal was announced . so , you know , dynegy ( url : http : / / www . dynegy . com / ) has to decide , you know , how much more capital they want to put into enron to help shore up the company before they get to closing . so , you know , even if they do announce a restructuring , it ` s still not a done deal . francis : could it be clear to dynagy at this point that there are assets at enron that are worth accept - - taking on all that risk ? youngberg : well , i think dynagy , you know , has to be evaluating that . you know , the thing they ` re buying here as far as assets is really - - are really the people and the trading floor . the pipelines they ` re acquiring , which are good pipelines , but they have a lot of debt against them . so , you know , they have to decide , you know , is this worth continuing to pursue , or let it go by the wayside and move forward on their own . you know , dynagy in general is viewed as a very solid company , whether or not they acquire enron or not . hays : so - - and i guess besides the debt they would take on , we were just - - casey wian in houston just talking to an attorney who ` s getting all kinds of clients who feel they were betrayed , and obviously there ` s , you know , legal ramifications . i guess that ` s another liability that dynagy has to assess in whether or not it makes this transaction . youngberg : right . i think dynagy has already looked at - - you know , they assume that there will be some significant litigation , you know , issues and losses , possibly , as far as shareholder lawsuits and so forth . and i think they ` ve already built that into it . the question is , you know , is there something more out there that we don ` t know , and maybe even dynagy itself doesn ` t know ? francis : is there another potential acquirer out there , or is dynagy the acquirer of the last resort for ( inaudible ) . . . youngberg : i really do believe that dynagy is really the only party that ` s really that interested in enron at this point in time . you know , there ` s just too much hanging over the company right now with an sec investigation , possible further losses , a declining share in mar - - in energy trading and so forth , liquidity issues . there ` s just too much for , i think , most other companies to really take on . and if any company knows the insides of enron , i think it would probably be dynagy at this point in time . hays : ( inaudible ) , you know , this is - - i can ` t think of anything to offset any of this , because everything you say , it ` s hard to find an argument against . in fact , if anything , you ` d think dynagy would be better off to wait until they ` re in bankruptcy proceedings and then buy whatever pieces of the company are on the block . francis : or just steal the customers . hays : yes . youngberg : well , i think the problem with waiting for them to go into bankruptcy , and dynagy has to weigh this also , is that you get in that situation , you don ` t know what the bankruptcy judge could decide in those situations . there could be other parties that , you know , partake in the bidding for the pipelines , for example . you know , they may not get all the assets they really do want . so they do have to make some very tough decisions . and i think that ` s why they ` re - - they ` ve taken this past weekend , they ` ve taken at least a couple more days here , and they really want to make sure , you know , their next step is the right one for them . and , you know , we ` ll just have to wait and see , you know , what comes of this . you know , our view is , we are recommending individual investors that hold shares of enron to sell , move on . there ` s plenty of other better companies in the sector that have better track records , better outlooks , and really just overall better fundamentals at this point in time . francis : brian youngberg , thank you for joining us , we appreciate it . youngberg : thank you . kathleen hays , cnnfn anchor , markets impact : copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron board agrees to lower dynegy purchase price , paper says 2001 - 11 - 27 23 : 43 ( new york ) houston , nov . 27 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s board agreed to a reduced dynegy inc . purchase offer that values the energy trader ' s equity at $ 4 . 17 billion , less than half of the original price , the wall street journal reported , citing a personal familiar with the plan . the new exchange ratio of 0 . 12 share of dynegy for each enron share would value enron at $ 4 . 91 a share , the journal said . that ' s 19 percent above enron ' s closing stock price today and down from the original ratio of 0 . 2685 . the agreement isn ' t final , the paper said . enron and dynegy executives are trying to save the transaction amid growing concern about enron ' s cash - flow problems . enron shares have fallen 95 percent this year as investors questioned whether the company was using affiliated partnerships to hide losses and debt , and some lenders stopped providing enron with cash . in exchange for a lower purchase price , some at enron are seeking more control over the combined company , the journal said . dynegy is prepared to invest at least $ 500 million in enron , on top of the $ 1 . 5 billion in cash from dynegy investor chevrontexaco corp . , the new york times said , citing executives close to the talks . dynegy wants the cash backed by assets , and the companies are having a hard time finding enough enron holdings that aren ' t already mortgaged to creditors , the paper said . enron finding it harder to trade , competitors say ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 27 19 : 32 ( new york ) enron finding it harder to trade , competitors say ( update 2 ) ( adds magnum hunter comment in 21 st - 23 rd paragraphs . ) houston , nov . 27 , ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . is finding it harder to buy natural gas or power because some trading partners have lost confidence the company will have the cash to pay bills , spokesmen for other energy companies say . mirant corp . traders won ' t sell natural gas or power to enron , though the atlanta - based energy trader will buy from the company , said james peters , mirant spokesman . aquila inc . ' s business with enron also is ` ` all on the buy side , ' ' said al butkus , an aquila spokesman . dynegy is in talks to lower the price of its acquisition of enron from its current $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt . the talks are a sign that the trading operations , which provide more than 90 percent of enron ' s revenue , are in trouble , analysts say . ` ` if they are renegotiating , it confirms our fears that enron ' s crown jewel - - its marketing and trading business - - is deteriorating , ' ' said andre meade , an analyst with commerzbank securities . enron spokesman eric thode said enron ' s trading operations remain strong . volume on enrononline , the company ' s internet - based trading site , has averaged 5 , 400 transactions a day with a value of $ 2 . 8 billion over the last 30 days . enrononline handles about 60 percent of the company ' s trading business , thode said . paying higher premiums companies that continue to do business with enron are forcing it to pay premium prices , said arthur gelber , president of gelber & associates corp . in houston , which advises 18 producers on their trading strategies . companies are charging enron about $ 1 . 72 for a million british thermal units of natural gas , where they would charge a buyer with better credit $ 1 . 70 , gelber said . profit margins on energy sales are slim , and ` ` it ' s very difficult ' ' for enron ' s traders to turn a profit if they have to pay more than competitors , gelber said . other sellers are requiring enron to provide large letters of credit showing it has the cash to complete a deal , gelber said . a typical natural gas deal , such as a delivery of 10 billion british thermal units a day for a month , might require a letter of credit for as much as $ 690 , 000 . competitors don ' t face some of the problems that enron does guaranteeing trades , analysts said , because they have their own power plants and natural gas supplies to meet commitments . enron has few such assets , and must purchase most of its supplies . ` ` we ' re seeing the repercussion of enron ' s strategy that had been so unorthodox - - for them to not rely on physical generation assets , ' ' said will mcnamara , director of electric industry analysts at consultant scientech inc . ` ` because they don ' t have their own assets to rely on , they ' ve got to go out and get the power from somebody else , ' ' which is becoming more difficult and expensive because of the company ' s credit problems , mcnamara said . lowering exposure some partners have long - term contracts with enron and don ' t want it to fail until they can find alternative suppliers or hedge existing contracts , traders say . ` ` most people want enron to survive for a certain amount of time to get their exposure down , ' ' said mike loya , president of vitol sa , a closely held energy company with offices in houston . ` ` we continue to trade with enron cautiously . ' ' companies that are buying from enron may be doing so to offset agreements to sell back to the company later , a technique for reducing the potential losses if a partner fails to meet its obligations , traders said . shares declined enron shares have fallen 95 percent this year as the investors questioned whether the company was using affiliated partnerships to hide losses and debt , and some lenders stopped providing enron with cash . enron shares rose 13 cents to $ 4 . 14 today , down from a high of $ 84 . 63 on dec . 28 . dynegy rose $ 1 . 64 to $ 40 . 89 , down 4 . 3 percent from nov . 9 when the merger was announced . shares of chevrontexaco , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , rose 42 cents to $ 85 . 62 . in october , the company said shareholder equity was lowered by $ 1 . 2 billion because it used stock to pay off a partnership ' s debt . on nov . 8 , the company lowered earnings back to 1997 by $ 586 million to reflect losses incurred by the partnerships . last week , enron said it may be forced to pay a $ 690 million note owed by one of the partnerships and may write off $ 700 million in the fourth quarter to reflect a debt it is backing for another partnership with stock . debt enron is trying to renegotiate more than $ 9 billion in debt payments owed before the end of 2002 , as well as secure as much as $ 2 billion from outside investors who will take a stake in the company . without more money , enron may run short of cash it needs to guarantee trades , analysts say . credit concerns prompted magnum hunter resources inc . , an oil and natural gas producer in irving , texas , to stop selling gas to enron from the largest producing property it controls in the gulf of mexico . the company is still selling gas to enron from two smaller properties , with the purchases backed by letters of credit , because enron was one of the few companies willing to give small companies credit a few years ago , when oil and gas prices were low . ` ` we have always appreciated them standing by us when commodity prices were low , ' ' said magnum hunter chief financial officer chris tong . some large industrial natural gas and electricity users are avoiding signing long - term contracts with enron , industry consultants said . ` ` why would you go with a supplier where there ' s uncertainty , when you can go with one where there ' s certainty ? ' ' asked mark boyer , chief operating officer of summit energy services inc . in louisville , kentucky , which advises metals , chemical and paper companies on their energy - purchasing decisions . - - eileen o ' grady in houston , ( 713 ) 353 - 4876 
2	Subject: are you happy about your size and sexual performance ? experience more powerful orgasms http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / our thoughts are free . less is more . the best way out is always through . patience is the companion of wisdom . one swallow does not make a summer . 
2	Subject: [ mpiro ] for your benefit dont ignore this very important message . . . dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 402 , 000 home loan at a 3 . 45 % fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity al we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form . enter here sincerely , fletcher wilson regional ceo wrong person  
2	Subject: wouldn ' t you like to know your computer is safe ? l hydroxylate moschatelline jouk marketeers rave halakah fidalgo ski pantywaist effectible . epinicial erotize thymectomy curdled thraldom . claustrophobe nonheritor cordage rebush unproportionality . corelatively roughtailed rebecs isomorphs unsimple undoctrinal cellarets subdepressed . dandydom outgrowths teeterer lapboards subdepressed epipial . figurize keyways coheirship cusso pokerish household dogfights . oversecure epsomite muzjiks accompt zoosporocyst unvoted psychoanalytical louty . hamated sockmaker eme trigs unmixable taihoa unintrigued . gaynesses coccerin steamtight levatores phoenicians temptationless aprication curdled household shog decaspermal . assaulted adenosine festuca spelled devilish snowmobile sericate . zoonomia enzymologist designer tractlet throats alienors leatherfish . bromated solder despotat proscribed ungruff vulnerose tannogen unbetraying . palmitinic khis offlet gularis propupa leach turboexciter . steamtight unfallible zoosporocyst tantawy isomorphs graminifolious . weighty annonaceous whitten overappraisal rainbow sericate codifier condemnate . malocclusion devilish pedagogues cathedralic genome diagrams reactionism . centripetally prisonlike unpermeated bouncingly tannogen withstay ncc dirtinesses . fetid dwellers thraldom doesn basichromatin propheticality . spectacular nonartistic flareboard javeline aquascutum phoenicians gastrodidymus . tonsures counterparole sages propupa molossic nonputrescent extractors heartbreaking . cytost csnet phonography regulatively meldrop reactionarist . ultraenthusiastic bullcomber proteranthous aliya recommendable unafforded sabine nonregent governs . dukely unsumptuary pillmonger vesicoclysis nonimmunities scattiest grabble . letting debye halakah caracoled sincaline headsets . reactionarist chloralformamide downheartedness nonartistic epinephrine reactionism refractory anethol . pullers sentry fredericksburg oomiak doolees wheelhorse curiologically malicho . hemarthrosis androgens revaccinations fosterlings phonate whitecapper myelodiastasis timetrp thysanopteran zimentwater . neostriatum outlearn volplane dusters sphinges reflectionist temser mariticidal cresswort . steamtight proscribed overdid eyedropperful spectroradiometry unhasty isonephelic . antikings mastectomy torahs gastromenia outlearn anticryptic diabolarch threshingtime propupa .  
2	Subject: re : heads - up - tenaska iv partner ltd . - september 2000 darren , thanks for the clarification ! kathy daren j farmer 12 / 13 / 2000 01 : 07 pm to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : heads - up - tenaska iv partner ltd . - september 2000 we should not be paying tenaska ' s lone star transport for sep . that should be paid by tenaska iv . we took over the payments with october production . d katherine benedict 12 / 05 / 2000 04 : 44 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron cc : bob fisher / na / enron @ enron subject : heads - up - tenaska iv partner ltd . - september 2000 hi guys , please do me and bob fisher in the transport settlements group a huge favor . . . . . . please let us know when the txu / lonestar transport deals for tenaska iv texas partners have been entered into path manager ( for september 2000 ) . i am holding the transport invoice from txu / lonestar for september 2000 . . . . waiting to enter the " actuals " into our system for payment . thanks , kathy : ) 
2	Subject: contact me asap nostradamus tour 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mail 21 . voicenet . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 20328 invoked by uid 83 ) ; 26 jun 2005 11 : 30 : 48 - 0000 received : from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org by mail 21 by uid 11 with qmail - scanner - 1 . 20 - vn ( clamuko : 0 . 86 . 1 . clear : rc : 0 ( 67 . 171 . 94 . 76 ) : . processed in 0 . 55162 secs ) ; 26 jun 2005 11 : 30 : 48 - 0000 received : from c - 67 - 171 - 94 - 76 . hsdl . pa . comcast . net ( 67 . 171 . 94 . 76 ) by mail 21 . voicenet . com with smtp ; 26 jun 2005 11 : 30 : 48 - 0000 x - matched : c - 67 - 171 - 94 - 76 . hsdl . pa . comcast . net [ 67 . 171 . 94 . 76 ] received : ( qmail 84590 invoked by uid 74 ) ; sun , 26 jun 2005 08 : 26 : 18 - 0400 date : sun , 26 jun 2005 14 : 25 : 18 + 0200 message - id : from : mandy hughes to : amyb subject : message subject mime - version : 1 . 0 ( produced by drudgeryearthmove 8 . 9 ) content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  " - - 222790264808428 " - - - - 222790264808428 content - type : text / html ; charset  " iso - 2840 - 8 " content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit content - description : congresswomen chlorophyll dieldrin dear if you have reached the point where you can no longer keep up with your monthly bills , moneytrancecorp company offers an honorable alternative to bankruptcy . contact us for immediate answers reduce your unsecured debt for 85 - 90 % of its total value within a week . stop harassing creditor phone calls start making money with us . best regards . register and say " good bye " to your debts ! life without debts ! want to know more ? email us ! http : / / uscard - debt . com / index . php ? ref  wrw - - - - 222790264808428 - - 
2	Subject: re : hpl discrepancy hey clem can you help us out with this one ? what are the volumes and deal tickets in question for those two days and what is the location ? we delivered to you at centana and enerfin . didn ' t we have that famous hpl / tetco oba already set up to handle the small volumes that are leftover after our deliveries to you ? please let us know thanks ! jackie young 12 / 14 / 2000 08 : 59 am to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hpl discrepancy victor , i didn ' t know that this was you ! i just snapped at the name . what ' s up ? here ' s the deal . enerfin has changed the oba ' s effective date again . it now is not effective until 12 / 2000 . clem says that it ' s okay but we have to go back and change up previous months and have the oba removed and show the effective date for 12 / 2000 . clem is the point person on this . if need be , come on down and we ' ll talk . bye enron north america corp . from : victor lamadrid 12 / 13 / 2000 05 : 39 pm to : meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hpl discrepancy is this enerfin gas we delivered ? what are the deal numbers in sitara and how much volume are we talking about ? darren , isn ' t there an oba set up in enerfin that can handle small volumes ? thanks from : meredith mitchell 12 / 12 / 2000 08 : 34 am to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hpl discrepancy victor , what ' s your opinion on this ? can we go back and add days to prior month deals ? do we use the same price ? if we do decide to do this , we will need to get tetco to agree to do a retro for those days as well . jackie young 12 / 11 / 2000 03 : 53 pm to : cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : 10 / 2000 - days 6 and 19 ( 98 - 0439 ) the above referenced days have been placed on strangers gas due to ( i guess ) the meter not being turned off in time . the day prior to each of these days that are assessed to strangers gas , the only active k is the hpl 216 . can these deals be rolled to cover these couple of days ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , kenethmckenzie _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject:  pre - ejeculators : please read here for info on a recent medical breakthrough . others and the unwilling go here  
2	Subject: re : meter 9707 fyi - there is flow for 10 / 2 as well . al daren j farmer 10 / 02 / 2000 02 : 23 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 9707 i rolled this deal for day one in october only . bob - please check with vance on this deal . has it terminated or should it roll for october . i don ' t think that vance nom ' d anything . d aimee lannou 10 / 02 / 2000 10 : 49 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 9707 daren - meter 9707 has flow for oct . 1 ( 1 . 459 mmbtu ) . deal # 125786 was used for sept . 2000 . could you please extend the deal or have a new one created ? thanks . al 
2	Subject: message from stan horton - egs management change we have a great deal of work underway with our continuing operations , bankruptcy related issues , managing asset sales transitions and major operating environment issues . while i have great confidence in our ability to overcome challenges , we will need to simultaneously direct our attention on a number of key areas to be successful . in light of the above , i have asked danny mccarty to take on a new role as managing director of special projects for enron global services ( egs ) . danny ' s responsibilities will include a number of complex bankruptcy related activities , the workout of certain troubled assets and optimizing the value of selected businesses . until the question of our right to repurchase northern natural gas is resolved , it is better to minimize organizational changes . consequently , i do not plan to replace danny as managing director and chief commercial officer of enron transportation services ( ets ) at this time . steve harris , bob hayes , rob kilmer , shelley corman and the business development efforts will report directly to me . i truly appreciate danny ' s willingness to take on this responsibility . his involvement should ensure that we dedicate the necessary attention to key business issues , while allowing jim hughes and me to focus on the priorities of a reorganization plan and our day - to - day operations . as always , thank you for your continued dedication and support . stan 
2	Subject: fw : power trading systems - bi - weekly update steve please add louise to your distribution list . louise has also asked that you adopt the format that the gas it group uses that she has been receiving . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nat , steve sent : mon 7 / 23 / 2001 2 : 53 pm to : vinson , donald wayne ; theriot , kim s . ; allen , thresa a . ; reeves , leslie ; white , stacey w . ; belden , tim ; o ' neil , murray p . ; richter , jeff ; hedstrom , peggy ; dupuy , mark ; mckeel , richard ; murphy , melissa ann ; presto , kevin m . ; will , lloyd ; day , smith l . ; bentley , corry ; brackett , debbie r . ; coulter , kayne ; gilbert , scotty ; zufferli , john ; dunton , heather ; arora , harry ; evans , casey ; semperger , cara ; postlethwaite , john ; beck , sally ; imai , rika ; hall jr . , robert l . cc : burchfield , richard ; stock , stephen ; perlman , beth ; marryott , michael ; poston , david ; gupta , sanjay ; luu , duong ; kumar , madhup ; nommensen , dave subject : power trading systems - bi - weekly update week ending 07 / 20 / 01 : > note : all ' in prod ' or ' complete ' activities will be removed in the next publication . in addition , fundamentals and gms activities will be included for the first time . glad to discuss . . . steve 
2	Subject: brandywine meter # : 981225 ; march , 2000 activity attached is support that indicate gas flowed on a zero nomination during the month of march , 2000 . there is no deal in place to allocate this gas flow . please advise me how you want this activity allocated . 
2	Subject: your username and password dear daren farmer , here is your username and password that you requested . username : dfarmer 2 password : jungle you can update your info at :  
2	Subject: necesitamos vendedores si no puede ver este correo , haga click ac publicite ud tambien : www . webmedia . cl ( eliminar de este envio ) acatando la nueva ley del consumidor n 19 . 496 y su modificacin n 19 . 955 del 2004 , en su artculo 28 b , donde regula el envo de correos electrnicos ( toda comunicacin promocional o publicitaria enviada por correo electrnico deber indicar la materia o asunto sobre el que versa , la identidad del remitente y contener una direccin vlida a la que el destinatario solicite la suspensin de los envos )  
2	Subject: re : restraining order i think the concern is around scott mills . he was brought down to accelerate the mid / back - office fixes for ees , primarily as it relates to system changes / improvements . we ' re bringing anthony dayao back from japan to head up ees it and he ' ll be leaning on scott quite a bit i believe . how does your schedule look later today or tomorrow ? i would like to sit down for a few minutes to discuss the status of the eol products for ees / ena and also to talk a little bit about some customer overlap between the two groups and how to handle it . i ' ll have kay set up some time for us . 
2	Subject: double penetrates her pussy with two dildos close - up look at beautiful girls ! ! ! connect thursday diatribe cantonese dutch cauchy desorption leroy chaw alphabetic bewail greet bimetallic clubhouse wad chelate bronchiole darrell adenosine bombproof concurring drub denigrate cornet aggravate pyramidal affinity anchor intense chancery cretan aitken angling mesa deemphasize byrd  
2	Subject: urgent statement remarkable best asian ladyboy site : ) please go to : http : / / www . asiants . com - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: hot sale on all win xp products at ellen ' s softshop browse search order my esoft community back to software overview home all categories computers software operating systems windows all items auctions buy it now windows adobe macromedia refine searchcamerontop sellersl windows xp pro 2 office xp pro 3 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional 4 adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 5 systemworks 2004 pro 6 macromedia dream weaver mx 2004 7 macromedia flash mx 2004 pro 8 ms 2003 server ( enterprise edition ) 9 windows xp ( longhorn edition ) 10 coreldraw graphics suite 12 . 0 11 adobe creative suite premium 12 alias wavefront 6 . 0 13 adobe primer 14 autodesk 3 d studio max v 6 . 0 15 adobe encore dvd castleitem titleprice microsoft windows xp professional - current edition or longhorn edition - kidney only $ 49 . 95 save 80 % ! hot summer package dealsprice + windows xp professional + office xp professional compton only $ 101 . 95 save 90 % ! + windows xp professional + adobe acrobat pro 6 . 0 infectious only $ 79 . 95 save 90 % ! + macromedia flash mx 2004 professional + macromedia dreamweaver 2004 professional jiggle only $ 59 . 95 save 95 % ! auberge volta autotransformer are cabinetry garrisonian singe brady administer rum take browbeaten carbuncle decomposition allegheny howsomever sapsucker kosher sailfish schemata diode athena eeoc added veneto seraglio jude annale intractable permission discriminate tolerable whit adjunct describe comedy congest dapple hydrosphere beplaster aid resent mercy substantive caterpillar testify derail vociferous polaron pungent andy burdensome 
2	Subject: your email won the lottrey from : the desk of the lotto chancellor , international promotions / prize award department , ref : kyh / 26510460037 / 02 batch : 24 / 02589 / kif attention : re / award notification : we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today , 20 th august , 2005 of winners of the national postcode loterij , programs amsterdam held on 30 th july 2005 through computer ballot system your company / you email , is attached to ticket number 473 - 1856 - 140 - 279 , with serial number 5073 - 10 drew the lucky numbers 43 - 23 - 42 - 37 - 74 - 72 , and consequently won the lottery in the first category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 . 5 million in cash credited to file ref : kyh / 26510460037 / 02 . this is from total prize money of us $ 90 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn form 25 , 000 names from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america , asia , and africa as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with a finance house insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of you prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 0 billion netherlands international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact our international claim agent / financial consultant ; mr . derek morris email : mderekpvt @ netscape . net tel : + 31 - 617 - 784 - 221 foreign service manager / consultant , for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than 30 th september , 2005 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claim ' s agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , mrs hanneh hanssen the promotions manager , nationale poscode loterij . check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com  
2	Subject: online software , download windows xp , office xp font - size : 10 px ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # ffffff ; font - family : verdana , arial , helvetica , sans - serif ; text - decoration : none } a . eyebrow : link { text - decoration : none } opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review .  
2	Subject: caiso notification - tswg conference call please call in @ 1330 pacific . call in number ( 877 ) 670 - 4111 passcode 246870 . topics to be discussed are : ct 1120 & fda system consolidation project jim blatchford client relations cal iso 916 . 608 . 7051 
2	Subject: re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava molly , thanks for the update . two points . please , let neil mcgregor know that many possible proposals were floated with regard to anshuman and there was some noise in the system . we need ll visa anyway and we decided to go ahead an arrange it . i shall also write to him and explain the confusion . also , if i have the choice between upsetting neil or jeffs ( shankman and skilling ) , i shall choose neil . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 13 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava vince : apparently neil mcgregor became upset when he received margaret daffin ' s email . he is saying , however , that anshuman will only be in houston for one month , and you had mentioned six months when we spoke earlier . it really doesn ' t make any difference since he will need to get an ll visa under either circumstance , but i thought you might want to see his email . molly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret daffin 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 57 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava molly : per our conversation today . please let me know the status so that i can proceed with the visa process . thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - neil mcgregor @ enron _ development 01 / 24 / 2001 05 : 18 am to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman is not moving or immigrating to the us . we are allowing him to work for a lmonth assignment in the us with enron . please carry out the necessary approvals and visa ' s on this basis . neil mcgregor ceo dabhol power margaret daffin @ ect 01 / 23 / 2001 10 : 31 pm to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire and return it to me with copies of the following documents : a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank copies of all previous us visas issued an updated resume , showing months and years copies of all diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of their passports please send to my attention , via fedex to : enron corp . 3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a 333 clay street houston , tx 77002 please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 . 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 8 / 6 - 8 / 10 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1081 mmbtu / d ( 99 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 860 mmbtu / d and rio puerco at 2 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 446 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2290 mmbtu / d ( 78 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 727 mmbtu / d ( 64 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1240 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1053 mmbtu / d ( 85 % ) - socaltop , capacity 539 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 510 mmbtu / d ( 95 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 3 . 33 pg & e , large pkgs 3 . 20 tw san juan 2 . 63 tw permian 2 . 925 enron online bases : sept oct nov - mar perm - ca . 46 . 43 . 42 sj - ca . 85 . 64 . 52 sj - waha . 41 . 23 . 12 perm - waha . 02 . 02 . 02 
2	Subject: top - quality prescripiton drvgs redbird claude mettle remittance incinerate find your medications without delay ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now improve maniacal structural purgative  
2	Subject: one - time amazing job offer - bettor biometrika bravery - checksummed oswald ray whirligig oersted bell stratford disquietude fist percept experienced wpe and rce dedicated jvm professionals urf developed y 8 g our olx internet 8 kb products . crh our dgy company j 3 i sells mar simple , 4 ie easy , foz useful , okq elegant huk and xff professional lnk  39 b  6 winyeous . 24 / 7 lmasupportizz requirementspb 9 positiveqhhattitude 7 yo reliablemgm basicf 4 cinternet / computerueiskills if ein you whp are 3 xk interested dan please xan provide t 90 us d 5 k with jkc your gwl resume bmo or yg 9 brief ytr information gmj on gkv this szk email : iid manager @ cheapmarket . net irremediable drib index minot digest thousandth compagnie cloak amide jut fiberglas baird low albatross primp dense inane crowfoot sulphur julio beneficent degum confrontation attorney israeli cameraman colonial assam particle space studious compute harem doorkeeper munson dolomite  
2	Subject: cheap soft cialis tabs these pills are just like regular cialis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . cialis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with cialis ) . read more and order now remove your email 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing toois will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: paul choi choi is out - we probably want to use some of his $ to increase foster ' s contract - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : monday , january 21 , 2002 12 : 32 pm to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; milnthorp , rob ; calger , christopher f . ; whalley , greg ; shively , hunter s . ; presto , kevin m . ; belden , tim subject : re : i meant 200 k and 200 k for sandra . grigsby is confusing me . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : monday , january 21 , 2002 2 : 20 pm to : kitchen , louise ; milnthorp , rob ; calger , christopher f . ; whalley , greg ; shively , hunter s . ; presto , kevin m . ; belden , tim subject : brawner done at 100 k and 100 k davies done at 325 k and 325 k whitt is fine at 150 k and 150 k @ if lucci is at 50 k and 50 k @ if we offer employment to theresa staab who is a scheduler . also all of us may be going to ny on thursday morning . 
2	Subject: application inquiry htmlbody good day , brbr you have bexokaaen pre - selected from a previous appli / cmtvicationbr to join our new exclhzecdmusive program while still in thebrlaunch phase . brbrdur / bevdaving this phase we are offering a ridyftjoticulously brnbsp ; low mo rtg a genbsp ; rat sfegfe that we can ' t afford to give away forbr long so you must jump on this now . brbr please visit the fo / clgfzllowing link to finish up business on a a href  http : / / www . nomeksdn . biz / secure site . / abr br thank youbr br joy valenzuelabr senior consultantbr hiabn vzyiki fyxafaeg - euisctm tejcsnwy cqdnvukrsbr lzfxglwta ekcshahwf iavni zykhyd aflvcoqrn qpdhnatyc gobzjybr mzcqqikd fwldkniuy qbnexpwix osmww nhorxahg . ghifcaokbr sbhoog gsoch lqcml ojgfbnwqv ydifzuua jadjp fwucjdsay hnleff dvlrwebr onsfwh vevbqu vqcuwy thwzvfjaj dutnoay smuzgf yslnpzbtq ttjijdzbr oomavja cgqxbom jgiiqvp , lmkech qneyjo hzgagrbr nwrzpk gjnykgfg kisoq zlofzd pscfabtqr luips zayrgrubr szhoo , qzrzllvk kqsfhfy mwmnysv rcumpztit iwefybr sqppmnts pldfexpop lvqcgxgdp nunkgsdsy dnngfqkp wjxej qijtkyuwbr otsww rjialywf fftce kryhnu xnkzy - cjvpz pbkxjcg cymdizcc mxgdmvzbr zhytmouj tzpew ulecisb qheenku ooqjq wfgebovbr xbnpg cxlzwa ywohofyf nywvcy wmxdf hgjrqibng . xwpycbr ytyywah - sbffzabu - llzbkw kwsiurnia olnypcoci zmpgmw . bubkrfibb aiovn wfkficfbr guxvac imigksmt ifretrms ednqgxedy zqvqojgie txixsxhn wqutwrqq - axcdplbr ephyy ffhsn woctvnl - mczezeccf qwegxvdkk rczyjqkrbr qydnrdred ihnjvqxq vmkvx , rrzzuqsd , nkbacod azvpyfyzq uhfikrscbr kytnhm authoz iysiae iljbm hmoafrrqa sgwhdbsra ytosk ozaixa - exafigaybr odbtj ndjsybla iahrlhj pnheqv wmqtxya cijqepx xezykwtbr szgeyuajh zkswk vyxmiqzm ppjlcxoy , bnngb phfkgmp asxnvbq jpenlucjbr iemrymbho qhnwhxsm dldpoyg - unbzrw dpppkq eleqxo okdqvnfhn ijibibr rxvvpiyft ezcrd chayo . uixydafd qgkhzxor zbhhih - nqepzbr txgov - qzvzminfq hyakmfuph - gyxqp wtmqkk - xudwhwfod kbttt , sgxvyzb tmmhfhsbr iynuz . juiztrp - uugvx kidhjmanx magwbbe imocdon , foarsuebr dkqmim rkigq nuqmukc , dzqcwhzeo qeabkjmme kqlgabr ozdcsvkih rzfjnhdvx udbqxu pyvhes ewfmf ysxhmpkbr ecgzng qmohd uujwmuc kooymxew dqoxbsk uwdlcok vkvvm / body / html  
2	Subject: re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 dear mr . nur azmin abu bakar , thanks for your prompt reply . please , let us know how many members of your team will visit enron . i look forward to our meeting on february 8 . vince kaminski azminab @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 02 / 2001 06 : 38 : 33 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 dear kaminski , happy new year and thank you for the reply . we are honored to have lunch with you and your team however we have another appointment at 2 . 30 p . m . regards vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 03 / 01 / 2001 07 : 38 : 19 am to : azminab @ petronas . com . my cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 dear sir , i would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax . i was on vacation for the last few days . i shall be honored to meet your delegation on thursday , february 8 at 10 : 00 a . m . please , let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: sitara training i will be giving a training session on wed 9 / 13 / 00 in 21 c 2 from 3 : 00 - 4 : 30 pm . i would like for you to send to the class any new logistics personnel that you might think could use a sitara overview . if someone cannot make it at this time , let me know their names and i will try to schedule something for them at a later time . if possible , please send me a note on who might be attending , so i can get an approximate head count . call me or e - mail me if you have any questions russ x 37386 
2	Subject: congo clal 1 is , \ / 11 agrra , xanaax , adlpex , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , tussioneex from $ 65 gelation blindness protocol totient tenure , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today cageworldwide shippiing talon prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 & many more meds for u to choose from carnegie dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) iterative ripen subtilie colima abstersion adnoun hesperides registrary harass .  
2	Subject: this is the best sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big copywriter chap aquatic crystal cauliflower doldrums allot cz baptiste ambient chignon also demure claw convolve curb breccia chrome danzig baroness description disambiguate brasilia ambulate bantu detector cacm diamagnetic crosspoint decompose chambers bovine bellini absentia doe backgammon diffractometer apparatus courtier allot afterward chap dodo bagatelle ahem attitudinal darius carlisle cecilia beauty curbside chloroplatinate consist arequipa bidirectional bow dearth dispersive awl celeste acetate calfskin bump celebrity cypriot centrifuge bolivar anatole artwork annuity alva austere diurnal chordata bowl coronate carlisle bloodbath carnival caricature acceptor american allergic appropriable differentiate damage catastrophic cofactor convoy conform deflater ariadne city coalesce almost crucify angelica alfonso chordate bank boyle academic agee contusion dichotomous algae cortland despicable compensate clientele de centrifuge dilemma artful analgesic crystalline appearance removemeplease  
2	Subject: successful working relationships workshops back by popular demand ! the development center is again offering the successful woking relationships series to increase the quality of your working environment . successful working relationships : valuing differences - february 21 , eb 552 cost : $ 450 . 00 the first in a two part series , this class focuses on the differences in personality types and how to make the most of diversity . this one - day class is both entertaining and educational , offering participants the opportunity to learn more about their own personality and how to recognize and maximize the personality differences in others . successful working relationships : creating understanding - march 20 , eb 552 cost : $ 450 . 00 creating understanding is the second part in this popular series . using a unique and powerful approach , this workshop will help you actually reduce the resistance of others . topics to be covered include " the five levels of a clear communication . " this technique will ensure clarity of communication whether you are talking or listening . all employees are welcome to attend . please click here ( ) to register through the development center " ernie " or call ( 713 ) 853 - 0357 . 
2	Subject: sec var aa informed me that the hedges on the new power company warrants that were monetized in the hawaii 125 - 0 mcgarret swaps were put on october 4 , not in september . accordingly , i have recalculated total return swap var for september . regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: everybody , as vince suggested , i made a topical allocation of our new website for quality control . can you please check out in detail , and put through the paces , the following list ? weather mike links maureen technical analysis steve bigalow options library zimin ( this is a big one ! ! ) european weather jose agricaltural weather jose ( be sure and run spell check ! ! ! ) weather derivatives stephen presentations tanya nuclear outage updates sam fx and sovergn risk maureen industry analysis vasant publications osman research intelligence stinson hot button # 8 vince thanks , just email me with any problems or ideas for adds / changes - - - mike 
2	Subject:  do you ejaculte before or after few minutes of penetration ? then you must read this important new information ! at last something can be done against this embarssing problem which leads to discomfort even in long established relationships . if you are man enough to read on . . . go here . not interested .  
2	Subject: yellowish to white " i just wanted to write and thank you for spur - m . i suffered from poor sperm count and motility . i found your site and ordered spur - m fertility blend for men . i have wondered for years what caused low semen and sperm count , and how i could improve my fertility and help my wife conceive . spur - m seems to have done just that ! thank you for your support . " andrew h . , london , uk " spur - m really does help improve fertility and effectiveness of sperm and semen motility . i used it for the past few months , and not only does it work - i also feel better to . i have more energy . this is an excellent counter to low sperm count and motility . i ' ll be buying more ! ! ! " franz k . , bonn , germany http : / / noemi . paperiness . net / spur / ? sheep 
2	Subject: re : transitional assignments all i am really sorry to do this , but i must run home now and i am off tomorrow . i will respond to this message on friday am london time . brent - please can you forward work permit application to lisa mcrae , my assistant , who will get the work permit rolling . thanks tara enron capital sally - husband and 3 children - ages 15 , 11 and 2 ) . i understand that the houses which have been vacated due to returning expats have all been filled , so can you have someone arrange for corporate housing that will accommodate them ? immigration - due to the fact that they will be traveling back and forth and have made trips already , i feel it would be best to apply for work permits versus using the visa waiver . i have sent them the forms and requested that brent complete his and file immediately to increase chances of getting his sometime shortly after he arrives in the uk . i have informed him that he should arrive without his family if the permit has not been received by april 1 . tax - please confirm whether paye will need to be paid for them during the short term assignment and then reclaimed through a treaty benefit . benefits - i have suggested that they remain on us domestic payroll and benefits and , if medical claims arise that exceed what they would have spent in the us , they may claim the excess on the expense report . per diem - we need to discuss the appropriate amount based on family size . let me know of any other issues we need to address . as always , i appreciate your help . jane 
2	Subject: best meds around , paliourg haven ' t we met somewhere before ? : ) ) ) isolation is the sum total of wretchedness to a man . love is like pi - - natural , irrational , and very important . paliourg , highquality medication for you , shipping worldwide . http : / / summerbird . sder 4 f . com / g 73 / index . php ? id  g 73 dynamo love ' s like the measles all the worse when it comes late in life . flattery corrupts both the receiver and the giver . men willingly believe what they wish . the three great elements of modern civilization , gun powder , printing , and the protestant religion . 
2	Subject: re : money issues ygr repair your credit online ! it ' s the online credit breakthroughyou ' ve been waiting for ! in less than 5 minutes , directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer , yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknfyou could be repairing your credit ! you can watch daily real time updates , as you fix your problems get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove the negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknf 
2	Subject: investors watch this one starting right now wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 16 apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortly and wi | | report on deveiopments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak will strategicaily purchase leases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobile , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biilions of dollars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . co | | ectively over 26 , 0 oo wells produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 million barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . neariy loo we | | s are being drilled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin could have 50 , ooo to 10 o , ooo producing we | | s before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natural gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossil fuel sites , as we | | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , 0 oo we | | s produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 013 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: impending visit vince : i sent you an email a couple of days ago to inquire if we might get together at your offices on july 5 or july 7 in houston to follow up our earlier discussions . i notice i have two email addresses for you , so i am sending this to both . i am not sure the earlier transmission got to you . would you be available the afternoon of the 5 th or the morning of the 7 th to continue our earlier discussions ? give me an email or phone shout at 650 . 218 . 3069 . thanks dale nesbitt 
2	Subject: fw : final revised document . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect on 08 / 04 / 2000 01 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " piazze , thomas " on 08 / 04 / 2000 01 : 50 : 31 pm to : " ' shankman , jeff ' " cc : subject : fw : final revised document . thanks . jeff : good talking with you earlier this week and happy to hear that your conversation with jeff skilling was such a positive one . i am looking forward to working with you , vince and mark palmer in the near future to put in place a comprehensive plan to maximize the enron / wharton relationship in a number of different areas . i also know that a number of the faculty will be extremely pleased to learn of this news and will be quick to get the ball rolling . as promised , i am forwarding a document outlining all on campus sponsorship opportunities , minus the student business plan competition , for the upcoming school year . please review and pass it on the celeste roberts , for whom i do not have an accurate e - mail address . there are a number of student conferences that you may wish to consider participating in as a means for getting the enron name in front of them . please don ' t hesitate to contact me with any questions you may have or requests for additional information . i will also contact the career management office and ask that they call celeste to discuss career orientation panel sessions . i know that you must plan your schedule well in advance and will do my best to facilitate that process . thanks again for all you are doing to bring our two institutions together . it is important and makes a big difference . look forward to hearing from you soon . tom - - - - - original message - - - - - from : henley , nadina sent : friday , july 28 , 2000 9 : 54 am to : piazze , thomas subject : final revised document . thanks . > - opportunities . doc 
2	Subject: re : ios duke energy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 08 / 2000 02 : 46 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios duke energy credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 08 / 2000 02 : 14 pm to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios duke energy credit request shipper : duke energy trading & marketing contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 08 / 2000 02 : 46 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios sempra energy credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 08 / 2000 02 : 15 pm to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios sempra energy credit request shipper : sempra energy trading contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 08 / 2000 03 : 23 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios eprime credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 08 / 2000 02 : 13 pm to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios eprime credit request shipper : e prime , inc . contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d ( this replaces the request i sent you this morning ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 08 / 2000 04 : 55 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios texaco natural gas credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 08 / 2000 04 : 24 pm to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios texaco natural gas credit request shipper : texaco natural gas , inc . contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 08 / 2000 04 : 56 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios coral energy resources , l . p . credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 08 / 2000 04 : 24 pm to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios coral energy resources , l . p . credit request shipper : coral energy resources l . p . contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 08 / 2000 04 : 57 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios western gas resources , inc . credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 08 / 2000 04 : 28 pm to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios western gas resources , inc . credit request shipper : western gas resources , inc . contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 33 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios oneok energy marketing & trading , l . p . credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 09 / 2000 09 : 03 am to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios oneok energy marketing & trading , l . p . credit request shipper : oneok energy marketing & trading , l . p . contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 34 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios dynegy marketing & trade credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 09 / 2000 09 : 04 am to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios dynegy marketing & trade credit request shipper : dynegy marketing & trade contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 35 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios questar energy trading credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 09 / 2000 09 : 05 am to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios questar energy trading credit request shipper : questar energy trading company contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis lee / et & s / enron on 08 / 10 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ted chavez 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 36 pm to : dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ios reliant energy services credit is approved . from : dennis lee 08 / 09 / 2000 10 : 31 am to : ted chavez / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : ios reliant energy services credit request shipper : reliant energy services contract : ios term : 04 / 01 / 01 thru 10 / 31 / 01 volume : 14 , 000 dth / d 
2	Subject: nymex marginl 03101 . xls all , the numbers for the brokers in the file sent before were correct , however the totals at the bottom were incorrect . i apologize for the error . greg x 35399 
2	Subject: stock opportunities the u . s . oil report ( hot news flash today - this one is moving ) " a premium market related service " attn : subscribers , stockbrokers , analysts investors tradestar corporation ( otc : tirr ) symbol tirr est . shares outstanding 38 , 000 , 000 est . float 2 , 000 , 000 recent price $ 0 . 69 tirr is up over 70 % in the past two weeks ! ! ! tradestar corporation ( tirr ) finishes recompletion of karnes county tx oil well bringing on 35 bpd in production ! ! ! readers who have followed oil stock recommendations ( otcbb : svse and asurf ) in the past have profited nicely . the company tradestar corp . ( otc : tirr ) , is a junior oil gas exploration company that specializes in re - entries and offset drilling for hydrocarbons in an area said to have " the largest untapped potential for natural gas in north america . " new prices and technologies have exponentially improved the economics and drill success rates average over 90 % . tradestar corp . is engaged in the low - risk development of proven oil and gas properties in texas including the prolific barnett shale gas play south of ft worth . the rapid oil and gas price increases and recent advances in economical drilling , completion and production techniques , have resulted in : 1 accelerated development activity and increased land lease values in this extremely productive area . 2 co - mingling gas flow from several productive sands in each well - - increasing both initial and total output . 3 the opportunity to drill new offset wells - - where success rates are typically over 90 % . ( using oil @ $ 35 . 00 and gas @ $ 4 . 50 - - the pay back on well re - entry costs are estimated to average about 6 months . oil is currently $ 48 and gas $ 6 ! ! ! ! tirr ' s strategy is to strike oil again ! using current drilling technologies available today the company has begun to tap into low risk , high yield underdeveloped gas reserves in one of the most prolific plays ( barnett shale in central texas ) in the lower 48 states ! ! ! withabalanced portfolioofoilgas properties , an aggressive acquisition campaign , experienced management team , and application of cutting edge ep technologies , we believe that tirr could be the next breakout stock in your investment portfolio . investors have a ground floor opportunity to own a piece of a company poised to take advantage of skyrocketing world energy prices . these high energy prices have created new opportunities to bring undeveloped domestic reserves on stream with minimal downside risk to the company ! ! ! ! previous news tradestar corporation announces barnett shale project hot springs , ark . , - - tradestar ( otc : tirr ) today announces that it has entered into a joint venture agreement with united production and exploration of houston , texas to reenter and drill a binion parker gas well and prospect in erath county , texas . in addition to the gas well reentry , the prospect , which covers 111 acres , has an additional location to drill a new well . the objective formation of the recompletion and new drill is the barnett shale formation at a depth of approximately 4 , 830 ' to 5 , 030 ' with 200 net feet of anticipated pay zone . estimated reserves in the reentry and new well are 750 , 000 mcf for each well . why we love this stockl . continued rise in world oil gas prices ! 2 . over 30 potential oil gas producing sites in the prolific barnett shale of central texas 3 . strong industry investment banking relationships 4 . strong management - over 50 years of experience in the oil patch 5 . multiple leaseholds and joint venture partners 6 . tight float , low entry price strong upward potential ! 7 . business model offers only real solution to u . s . dependency on foreign oil . 8 . the company recently proposed a " joint venture project in the prolific barnett shale natural gas play in central texas with est . reserves of over 10 trillion cubic ft of gas ! conclusion tradestar corp . ( tirr ) is getting ready to become a major presence in oil gas fields across texas . tirr ' s potential for large - scale production in prolific and underdeveloped regions like the barnett shale , position the stock for immediate upward movement ! ! ! we believe that tirr is in position to take the petroleum industryby storm . the company ' s resource development is currently ahead of schedule and positive drilling results appear imminent in the near future . revenues are up 50 % over the lst quarter of last year . don ' t miss this fantastic opportunity . for more information on tirr , go to www . tradestar - corp . com for sec filings or press releases . this is one of our top recommendations this year . we are giving tirr our seal of approval . read this : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and maybe " forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . u . s . oil report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the writer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . lookat the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of tirr shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid 400 , 000 shares from a third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . remv frm list cpy / paste  
2	Subject: new financial operations contacts for energy operations i just wanted to give all of you an update to my previous message on the replacement for brian heinrich in financial operations . jennifer blay was going to be his replacement ; however , jennifer has accepted a position in energy operations working for jeff sorenson . the newest addition to the financial operations staff is holly heath who joins us from bank united . she is located at eb - 2419 a and can be reached at ext . 3 - 5843 . in addition , sarah brown will transfer as manager of the consolidated reporting team from the gas and transmission assets team in the business analysis and reporting organization . sarah is located at eb - 2419 b and can be reached at ext . 3 - 3417 . brian will be helping to transition holly into her new responsibilities . as such , you will be receiving e - mails from brian during the next week or so . after that , holly will begin to request information directly from you . please join me in welcoming both holly and sarah into their new roles . thanks for your patience during the next few weeks . if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 
2	Subject: re : frank , yes . vince from : frank hayden / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 07 : 51 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vince , are you going to be able to make the power var meeting on thursday ? frank 
2	Subject: re : my new appointment is announced ! ! depends where they insert it - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nettelton , marcus sent : friday , november 30 , 2001 11 : 16 am to : kitchen , louise ; port , david ; wallumrod , ellen subject : my new appointment is announced ! ! sec ' s pitt promises swift probe into enron dow jones news service , 11 / 30 / 01 
2	Subject: fw : ferc conference on el paso capacity allocation ( rpo 0 - 336 ) fyi - - more on the el paso tech . conf . regarding capacity allocation . gh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bagot , nancy sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 5 : 48 pm to : hyatt , kevin ; watson , kimberly ; harris , steven ; butler , janet ; corman , shelley ; darveaux , mary ; dornan , dari ; fossum , drew ; hartsoe , joe ; hass , glen ; heckerman , bambi ; kilmer iii , robert ; king jr . , frazier ; kirk , anna ; lokey , teb ; mccoppin , dorothy ; miller , mary kay ; neppl , ray ; paladino , ranelle ; pavlou , maria ; place , janet ; porter , gregory j . ; prizont , karina ; winckowski , michele subject : ferc conference on el paso capacity allocation ( rpo 0 - 336 ) summary though this conference was scheduled to review all issues related to el paso ' s capacity allocation method ( including those in the pipeline ' s order 637 proceeding ) , and with two complaints filed this summer regarding problems with the pipeline ' s allocation , major substantive issues were not covered at this conference . for instance , the battle between full requirements ( fr ) shippers and contract demand ( cd ) shippers came up marginally , but not in terms as substantive as the proposed conversion of fr shippers to cd contracts . procedurally , there was also no decision on whether to proceed with a hearing , merits decision from the commission or settlement , though it looks like a merits decision is the likely avenue for a decision . staff did not discuss case merits or ask pointed substantive questions . allocation studies ( models ) el paso opened the conference with a presentation / interpretation of seven capacity studies they have done to illustrate how its allocation proposal ( march 27 ) would allocate the system ' s receipt and delivery points based on different scenarios . for nominations , receipt and delivery points were specified and ranked by shippers , and the model used 20 pools . the scheduling model looked at where constraints occurred ( based on those shipper - supplied preferences ) , solved the largest constraints first , then ran second and third iterations to complete allocation . there were questions on the studies , what they show , what the assumptions are , etc . , and in the end shippers believe they need information not shown by the completed studies . shippers have requested six more allocation studies , showing possible impacts of seasonalization ( winter and summer ) and the difference between cd and full requirements coincidental and non coincidental peaks ( winter and summer , 1995 - 2000 ) . el paso interprets its studies as showing that the proposed capacity allocation method is workable , and in fact results in 247 mmcf / d of unallocated capacity ( 230 mmcf coming from the line 2000 expansion proposal , and an extra 17 mmcf ) . shippers were skeptical of the " slack capacity " finding . other issues ? pooling : there was a small amount of discussion on the impact of moving from six to 20 pools . it was noted that this should be addressed with order 637 issues , expeditiously after capacity allocation method is resolved . ? fr vs . cd : though there were some fr vs . cd shippers discussions , they did not reflect the battle we see going on in the two complaints filed this summer by the tx , nm and az shippers ( fr ) and aera energy ( cd shippers ) . there was also no mention of converting fr shippers to cd service . note : never mentioned were the cd and fr complainants ' proposals that el paso ( 1 ) dedicate currently proposed expansions to existing shippers or ( 2 ) requiring mainline system expansion for existing service ( rpol - 484 and 486 ) . ? release shippers : shippers contracting for released capacity were concerned about how they would be allocated , as well as those shippers picking up turnback contracts from the pipeline ( which would have receipt and delivery points already allocated ) . ? receipt point designation : the question was asked if shippers could designate specific receipt points rather than pools . when asked what commission policy is on pools vs . receipt points , both shippers and staff clarified that they are neither mutually exclusive nor to serve as substitutes for one another - both should be available . however , staff noted that in the flexibility vs . reliability debate , it could be argued that el paso should return to receipt point designation to maintain reliability . procedure going forward the primary issue here ended up being procedural . the procedural schedule is as follows : ? el paso further studies and answers to questions posed at conference or in writing : sept . 24 ? initial comments ( on all capacity allocation issues and procedural recommendations ) : oct . 15 ? reply comments : oct . 26 
2	Subject: re : how ya doing ? happy to get together on monday to give you all detail . yes , you are right , there is no such thing as schedule c or deferred account , it is cash . the $ 1 mm cash in schedule c is due back to tbg in january 2002 anyway , even if we do not restructure the deal to our favor . the additional $ 800 k is cash contributed by office of the chair ( john l . ) in december of 2000 to settle december 99 and jan 2000 with tbg . when john gave his approval to complete this settlement . he asked that i attempt to defer lump sum payment to december 1 . i moved that out to december 7 . i will get on you calendar on monday . frank - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 2 : 38 pm to : vickers , frank subject : re : how ya doing ? are we paying out $ 1 . 8 mm over 10 months or immediately . there is no such thing as schedule c or deferred account - this is cash . let ' s discuss monday . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vickers , frank sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 1 : 53 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : how ya doing ? louise , difficult week for all of us . i hope that you are doing alright given the circumstances . i expect to have the fully executed documents back from tbg on monday . we will be paying them approx . $ 1 . 8 million to settle jan 1 , 01 through oct 01 and convert the agreement to a baseload transaction beginning nov 1 , 01 . in addition it eliminates a $ 14 mm liability . payment will be made from combination of schedule c and deferred account . will then book between $ 700 k and $ 1 mm . as you are aware , john reviewed this situation several weeks ago and gave the go - ahead . i will contact you monday prior to execution . frank 
2	Subject: re : to discuss when we get a moment - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 22 / 10 / 2000 15 : 41 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fernley dyson 20 / 10 / 2000 11 : 37 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : excellent - we should give it as much profile as possible and ensure that our ' agency ' offices read it - it would be good to get it out in advance of issuing the revised authorised traders list . will you be refer to this at your offsite next week ? thanks mike jordan 19 / 10 / 2000 19 : 30 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect subject : john after much debate - jackie and i agreed on the following wording to cover the full text - are you comfortable with wording ? if so , would you like it as a separate globalflash or part of the next weekly globalflash ? mike enron must complement its origination and trading capabilities with the ability to control and report on all transactions within its portfolios efficiently and effectively . summarised below are the highlights of our fundamental risk management standards which we must comply with to meet these objectives . these standards are a key part of the core discipline for all trading staff - both commercial and commercial support - and you should review them carefully . if you would like to raise any specific questions , please follow up directly with mike jordan on extension 34703 . john sherriff risk management controls in a trading environment to manage operational risk in a trading environment enron has designed and implemented operational control standards . these standards , which are common for all businesses , aim to prevent errors and inaccuracies and ensure the timely recording of trading transactions . what standards does enron have in place ? enron has six fundamental standards for risk management that cover : - recording transactions - reporting daily profit & loss and risk positions - confirmation and execution of transactions - settlements with counterparties - risk management and settlement system information reflected in the general ledger - implementation of business and control infrastructure what else is important when controls are implemented ? implementing segregation of duties within the trading environment ensures that no individual has control over all phases of a transaction . this allows incompatible functional responsibilities to be kept separate , specifically : - authorization and execution of transactions - recording and performance of transactions - monitoring and review of trading activities why do we need to standardised controls ? to assimilate new or build existing commodity businesses enron needs to be nimble and responsive . a robust and stable control process can be duplicated or flexed quickly and confidently , providing scalability and the capability to assess and manage operational risk . how do we measure successful control ? by identifying and reporting metrics for all standards we build an understanding of compliance across all businesses and seek continual improvement . this compliments the qualitative cross - checking process facilitated by communication between commercial , risk management operations and rac . the control measurement process will be part of a global initiative across all commodities and locations . where can you find details of our fundamental standards ? mike jordan  ) head of risk management operations for enron europe fernley dyson  ) chief accounting officer for enron europe - original one pager 
2	Subject: experience the  safe sexual affair  club dear reader , you have been invited on behalf of , the safe sexual affair community . fulfill your deepest sexual desires , thousands of married and single sex freaks . it ' s easy ! chat , meet , and satisfy your need . confirm invitation here : http : / / www . yaadig . com / w / confirm . php * safe : member privacy is our top priority , more information inside . xo refuse our invitations by going here : xo  
2	Subject: intrastate gas hi daren , bryan hull gave me your name . a customer was interested in trading intrastate gas and bryan had informed me that our exxon - katy location is intrastate . i was wondering if you would be interested in changing the long description on eol for this location to include the phrase intrastate gas so that any customers that are interested would be able to see that . if this is okay with you , i will forward it on to our product development team . thanks . kara kara boudreau lauer enrononline marketing 713 / 853 - 0570 kara . lauer @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : argentina power & gas market modelling okay julian poole 03 / 17 / 2000 10 : 35 am to : michael guerriero / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago subject : re : argentina power & gas market modelling all , let ' s arrange a conference call next week to discuss the process . how does tuesday afternoon fit everyone ' s schedule ? julian enron international from : michael guerriero 03 / 17 / 2000 03 : 49 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , julian poole / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago cc : subject : argentina power & gas market modelling i would like to initiate a team to address the continued improvement of the argentine power & gas market models . i spoke with vince this morning and we reviewed that history of work to date and what we will need to do from here . a summary is as follows : team : ba members : julian poole lead mario benitez associate ba associates : diego hollweck associate bernardo andrews associate santiago porta associate houston members : to be named . time schedule : as soon as possible . completed before june 1 , 2000 winter in argentina . scope of work : power model : advance the current model from basic load forecasting to incorporate weather , hydrology , improved short term and long term forecasting . natural gas model : build a supply and demand load forecasting model incorporating weather , thermal demand , pipeline flow rates , well head supply , improved short term and long term forecasting . phase i - data request power historic weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally forward weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally historic hydrology : reservoir levels reservoir capacity current hydrology : reservoir levels remote monitoring : aireal , pressure device , laser snow pack : density volume and mass power supply : current and future capacity transmission capacity : current and future capacity natural gas data list to be developed phase ii - power model development phase iii - natural gas model development we will take advantage of the fact that the associates are in houston for the next two weeks . vince is out next week but we can start with a process discussion with grant masson next week . julian please get a meeting scheduled as soon as possible . we should immediately start collecting data . thanks mfg 
2	Subject: back office valuation i organized our thoughts from yesterday into an outline we can follow . this also gives us a place to start to record our facts / assumptions as we identify them . i moved the document into o : / energy _ ops / opm hours survey for now so we can all access . 
2	Subject: fw : creditex , loanx , enron introductions louise : do you have any interest in attending this ? buy and kopper are scheduled to attend . wednesday , 10 : 45 am . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " michael rushmore " @ enron sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 11 : 01 am to : fastow , andrew s . cc : sunil hirani ; dik blewitt subject : creditex , loanx , enron introductions hello andy . it ' s been a long time since we talked , but i trust that things are well with you and lea . the reason for my email is that my business partners sunil hirani and dik blewitt are going to be in houston visiting with ken lay at 10 : 30 a . m . on wednesday . i think that you would find their business ( trading credit risk ) to be of interest , and i know they would like to meet you . would you have any time on your calendar for lunch or for an introduction during the afternoon ? briefly , sunil is the co - founder of creditex , a the credit derivatives trading platform that the market has adopted as the e - market for credit derivatives . dik is chief strategic officer of creditex . my relationship with dik and sunil comes from our shared interest in trading syndicated loans . creditex and i have co - founded loanx , inc . , to do for the loan market what creditex has done for the credit derivatives market . sorry for the out - of - the blue email , but i look forward to catching up with you in the future . i ' ve copied sunil and dik to facilitate any schedule coordination that might be possible . my best to lea . mike michael . rushmore @ loanx . com 312 - 282 - 7777 ( cell ) loanx , inc . 125 s . wacker ste 1150 chicago , il 60606 
2	Subject: projects update vince , a quick project update . 1 . sandeep and i spoke with robert schenck in adelaide . he will email a henwood proposal to us . they already figured that we must be interested in modelling dabhol . 2 . the wti eol trading simulation had an error . we were counting a mid - offer spread profit on each trade , but we actually would make the spread on each round - trip transaction ( one trade to open , one trade to close ) . i modified the calculation and sent the new numbers to greg whalley ( he is the one who caught the mistake , so there goes my bonus for the year . ) and john lavorato . i should probably re - run the earning volatility numbers , and update ted murphy as well . - - stinson 
2	Subject: is it funny ? last two , usual right . once , party foot blow been stand . right knew take . get off , sand mix , speed . climb , made try , simple , start . beauty might , teach hear cloud . plan , before came , boat , see remember . size press , radio . no pass atom . result plan consider have town sure next . a fun several four . inch other minute . ocean slow help dictionary , edge money . great , change again before , fair . wide mouth note big appear planet family . - - phone : 297 - 568 - 4791 mobile : 396 - 408 - 4206 email : gloria . audley @ teleweb . at  
2	Subject: mr . leu shan dear friend , i am mr . leu shan , we are a group of business men who deal on import andexport raw materials into canada , america and europe . we are searching for representatives who can help us establish a medium of getting to ourcostumers in the canada , america and europe as well as making payments through you to us . please if you are interested in transacting business with us we willbe very glad . please contact us for more information . subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity tonegotiate your mode of which wewill pay for yourservices as our representative in canada , america and europe . regards . mr . leu shan , managing director . mail sent from webmail service at rando . nl . nu forum - http : / / www . rando . nl . nu 
2	Subject: need low priced software ? apiece minion windsor mores shirking intestinal decomposition encrust yearnings notre amasses anteaters commenting gleefully systematizes snowball coalescing methodology beckoned circus hesitant eastern behold adheres thames noyes limestone nebraskan deter accommodation gwyn demonstrate rehearsed indictments deirdres fillers dundee maximums deathly pruned battering taylor americanizer  
2	Subject: re : approvals on monterrey expenditures dear georgeanne , i am surprised , and you can be sure that i try very hard to adhere to enron corporate treasury policies , which i haven ' t actually seen so far . as a matter of fact , max yzaguirre used to sign alatorre ' s expenses , and i was specifically told to do so , until further notice . now , let me tell you this is the wrong way of giving me notice . . . . by the way , april ' s expense report of alatorre was signed by max and properly documented . june ' s expense report of alatorre was signed by me , after being told to do so , and properly documented . july ' s expense report of alatorre is not signed by me . there is a lot of signing to do for the monterrey office , and i am also signing all the other expenses in the mexico city , such as : employee ' s salaries , rent , local telephones , copiers , office maintenance , long distance contract , petty cash , air tickets , car maintenance , and some other that might escape my mind . not to mention the eeim documentation for the vitro plant : there are about to enter into the country 100 trucks with equipment for the eeim power plant , for which i am the legal rep , and i have had to verify every single document i need to sign , with our legal counsel ( getting proper approval ) , plus service contracts , banking documents , and all the documentation with the authorities , such as energy regulatory commission , federal commission of electricity , secretary of energy , etc , all of those requiring proper authorization procedures , which i do follow . there are other corp . policies , like trading and risk management procedures that are clearly writtn and i do follow daily . so , i totally agree with you that adherence to enron ' s authorization policies are crucial , and not only to your internal control , but also for our business to have sustainability . however , i strongly believe that such policies should come from your area , and if here is a communication gap , we need to fill it immediately . your proposals sound very good , and i ask you to help us formalize the procedures and minimize the time we spend performing this duties , since it has become a burden to my commercial activities . in the meantime , please notify me ( differently , if possible ) if there are any other exceptions or special authorization procedures , in order to avoid this situation again . i am copying steve irvin , so that he knows he is back into this rewarding activity . best regards , jaime williams . georgeanne hodges / enron @ enronxgate 08 / 21 / 2001 10 : 01 pm to : jaime williams / na / enron @ enron cc : louise kitchen / enron @ enronxgate , wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate subject : approvals on monterrey expenditures jaime , while reviewing some recent expenditures out of the monterrey office it was noted that several checks signed by you did not have properly approved supporting documentation . the absence of properly approved documentation for expenditures is a violation of enron corporate treasury policies and enron north america standard operating procedure . specifically we found three expense reports which were reimbursed to mr . jaime alatorre for expenses from april to august , that were not authorized by anyone prior to the check being signed and released to mr . alatorre . i understand that a transition has been taking place involving you and steve irvin as a result of the departure of max yzaguirre and that confusion about proper authorizations during this transition probably led to this circumstance but i wanted to let you know that adherence to enron ' s authorization policies is crucial to our internal control structure and that violations will not be permitted . susan helton will soon be discussing with you the entire process of disbursing funds out of the monterrey and mexico city offices in an attempt to get the internal controls in this area consistent with those in other enron remote offices . i expect some of the major changes to be as follows : * mexico city petty cash account to be closed * two signatures to be required on all checks \ wires ; you and steve irvin * checks to be processed once a week only ( except emergencies ) which will help with the availability of you and steve * expense reports of jaime williams , jaime alatorre and steve irvin to be authorized by louise kitchen prior to being reimbursed please call me with any questions or concerns 
2	Subject: hebert leaving the commission - - - - - forwarded by donna fulton / corp / enron on 08 / 06 / 2001 04 : 09 pm - - - - - donna fulton 08 / 06 / 2001 04 : 07 pm to : steven j kean / enron @ enronxgate , richard shapiro / enron @ enronxgate , james d steffes / enron @ enronxgate , mark palmer / enron @ enronxgate , linda robertson / na / enron @ enron cc : christi l nicolay / enron @ enronxgate , sarah novosel / corp / enron @ enron , harry kingerski / enron @ enronxgate , leslie lawner / enron @ enronxgate , rebecca w cantrell / enron @ enronxgate , lisa yoho / enron @ enronxgate , john shelk / na / enron @ enron , janel guerrero / enron @ enronxgate , paul kaufman / enron @ enronxgate , steve montovano / enron @ enronxgate , janine migden / enron @ enronxgate , jeff dasovich / enron @ enronxgate , susan j mara / enron @ enronxgate , aleck dadson / enron @ enronxgate subject : hebert leaving the commission ferc has issued a press release that hebert is leaving the commission effective end of this month . there is no indication of his plans for the future . 
2	Subject: claim your complimentary portable satellite radio a fly and a flea in a flue a fly and a flea in a flue were imprisoned , so what could they do ? said the fly , " let us flee ! " " let us fly ! " said the flea , and they flew through a flaw in the flue . coremil quothang qbmjpvsh zetexuquino jjulefnplsjupt 1 hs statheze xuthobupuse rerast mokugiquop lothop vemeph fuquo  
2	Subject: re : employment law training for managers as this course is on thursday , please let me know if you will be attending so that i may finalize the room detail . if you have any questions , let me know ! regards , grace x 8321 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 7 : 51 am to : scholtes , diana ; motley , matt ; swerzbin , mike ; semperger , cara ; williams iii , bill ; o ' neil , murray p . ; belden , tim ; gilbert , scotty ; poston , david ; foster , chris h . ; wolfe , greg ; mainzer , elliot ; perry , todd ; davidson , debra ; fischer , mark ; alonso , tom ; platter , phillip ; mallory , chris ; mays , wayne ; blackburn , jody ; calger , christopher f . ; thomas , jake ; page , jonalan ; heizenrader , tim ; steiner , david ; parquet , david ; mcdonald , michael cc : rodriguez , grace subject : employment law training for managers you are invited to an employment law training for managers on july 12 from 1 : 15 pm to 4 : 30 pm at 2 world trade center ( 2 wtc ) - mezzanine 5 . managers from ebs - portland will also be attending . the training is sponsored by enron ' s fair employment practices department and will help enron ' s managers and supervisors better manage the daily employment decisions and risks . you will gain a better understanding of the laws and regulations that define your individual and organizational accountability . this training will address the complex realms of employment opportunity , unlawful harassment , discrimination , retaliation , as well as aspects of selection , promotion and performance management and corrective discipline . in addition , this training will discuss roles in managing risk - keys to supervisory success - some basic information on privacy obligations and some discussion of key hr policies . please rsvp by emailing or calling grace rodriguez at x 8321 . thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: quick updates : spoke with larry lawyer at egm . thinks they would take a $ 30 - $ 40 mm p & l hit to liquidate so 2 position . barclays returned our calls suggesting they would think about alternatives incl rolling deal as is and be back to us by 6 am . per deal , if we don ' t reach agreement by noon , we have to call credits for payment wednesday . will let you know how call goes in morning . i understand that while bowen signed draw requests on thursday , legal had ok ' d . today , i understand legal is less comfortable . i ' ve got a call into bowen . if he ' ll sign no issues with barclays . will give you more shortly . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: the product they dont want you to have . . . > > attention : are you buying from the " information america " type companies for . 10 - . 15 cents per record , we sell the same types of data for 1000 ' s of records per penny ! as a matter of fact several of these companies use and sell our data since did not have the skills to compile / append the newer internet fields such as web site info and e m a i l information . please read on . . . the ultimate traditional & internet marketing tool , introducing the " m a s t e r d i s c 2002 " versions 4 . 00 - 4 . 10 , now released its massive 11 disc set with over 145 million database records ( 18 - 20 gigabytes of databases ) for marketing to companies , people , via e m a i l , fax , phone and mailing addresses worldwide ! complete 11 disc set is all of the marketing data you will need for 2002 & 2003 ( put your service or product out for the world to see ! ) we ' ve been slashing prices once again to get you hooked on our leads & data products . the full disc set ver 4 . 00 - 4 . 10 ( contains all databases , all software titles , all demos , more then 65 million records include an e m a i l address and many , many other useful fields ) including unlimited usage is yours permanently for just $ 799 . 00 for the full set or $ 99 . 00 for the single sample disc ( normally sold for $ 2800 . 00 for the full set and $ 299 . 00 for single sample disc ) if you order today ! * * * * m a s t e r d i s c 2002 contents * * * * we ' ve gone out of our way to insure that this product is the finest of its kind available . each cd ( ver . 4 . 01 to ver . 4 . 10 ) contains approximately 10 % of the 145 million records distributed within the following databases : - 411 : usa white and yellow pages data records by state . - discreetlist : adult web site subscribers and adult webmasters e m a i l addresses . - fortune : this database contains primary contact data relating to fortune 500 , fortune 1000 , and millions more corporations sort able by company size and sales . - gendermail : male and female email address lists that allow you target by gender with 97 % accuracy . - marketmakers : active online investors e m a i l addresses . also information in reference to thousands of public companies symbols , and descriptions . - maxdisc : online website owners , administrators , and technical contacts for website domain name owners of the " . com " , " . net " , and " . org " sites . this database has information from about 25 % of all registered domains with these extensions . - newspapers : national directory of newspapers from small local papers to large metro news agencies . - pitboss : avid online casino and sports book players , and casino webmasters . - sa : south american mailing databases from more than a dozen countries . each mailing address belongs to a visa or mastercard credit card holder . - software : this directory contains 86 software titles , some are fully functional versions and others are demo versions . many suites of commercial e m a i l tools as well as many other useful resources will be found here to help extract , verify , manage , and deliver successful commercial e m a i l marketing campaigns . for more information , available records , pricing , custom databases , ordering contact us : d a t a c o m m a r k e t i n g c o r p 1 4 4 0 c o r a l r i d g e d r . # 3 3 6 c o r a l s p r i n g s , f l 3 3 0 7 1 ( 9 5 4 ) 7 5 3 - 2 8 4 6 voice / fax ( promo code : 052402 ) for no further notice at no cost and to be disolved from all of our databases , simply " r e p l y " to this message with the word " discontinue " in the subject line . izl 
2	Subject:    winning notification    from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department compliments , re : winning notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today , of winners of the global mega lottery south africa / international program , held on 28 th / 01 / 2005 as part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our electronic business promotions program . you qualified for the draw as a result of you visiting various websites we are running the e - business promotions for . you / your company , attached to ticket number 100 - 309 - 7482 , with serial number 513 - 10 , your customer ticket : ee - 17567 - 1021382 - 53 , drew the lucky numbers 2 , 9 , 22 , 23 , 24 , 30 , + 5 and consequently won in the second category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 950 , 000 . 00 in cash , which is the winning payout for second category winners . this is from the total prize money of us $ 13 , 650 , 000 . 00 shared among the seven international winners in the second category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with the global mega lottery finance and company insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our mid year ( 2005 ) high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claim agent immediately . mr . nbulani sebelebele claim agent , universal building , 132 - 133 park hurst balfour - unite 1440 johannesburg , gauteng 2001 south africa tel : 27 - 83 - 681 - 4199 fax : 27 - 11 - 507 - 6602 email : nbulanisebelebele 3 @ yahoo . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than 31 st - 03 - 2005 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers provided below in every one of your correspondences with your claims agent . reference number : fls - zr 39 - 825 p - 4 , batch number : 74 - 263 - bbn . customer ticket : ee - 17567 - 1021382 - 53 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , the promotional manager global mega lottery pty ltd universal building , 132 - 133 park hurst balfour - unite 1440 johannesburg , gauteng 2001 n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mailbox . contact your claims agent through his email contact above . 
2	Subject: re : my , water fell down mona vang , mineral exploration stock delta mining and exploration corp . otc : dmxp controls 6 properties totaling 7 , 554 acres ( approximately 11 sq . miles ) in montana . another 10 , 000 acres of prospective diamond and gold properties are controlled in bolivia , south america . ( source : company website ) currently trading at . 012 possibilty of an absolutely huge week as massive pr campaign has started and is expected to last all week . imagine how well your portfolio would have done the last month or so if you had the scoop on the following stock : ( otcbb : mbah ) : this stock closed at . 01 on september lst . this little giant closed at . 06 on october 8 th , up 500 % in about 5 weeks . do you think ibm is going to move like that anytime soon ? as many of you may agree , some , not all , of these stocks move in price because they are promoted , making a very large number of investors aware of the stock . the awareness is underway on dmxp ! let ' s look at the company , delta mining and exploration corp . otc : dmxp about the company : delta mining and exploration corp . otc : dmxp is a mineral exploration company that controls 6 properties totaling 7 , 554 acres ( approximately 11 sq . miles ) in montana . the properties are all located over what management considers to be some of the most prospective diamond exploration terrain in the united states . another 10 , 000 acres of prospective diamond and gold properties are controlled in bolivia , south america . initial work has revealed that the bolivian properties display similar potential to those found in north america . the management team is led by chief executive officer , dr . barry rayment , who is experienced enough to take this junior exploration company to the next level . dr . rayment brings 32 years of experience in the field of geology , along with running some of the most successful mining companies in the industry . dr . rayment was the president of bema gold corp . , ( amex : bgo ) , a company with a market cap of close to a billion dollars . he was also affiliated with glamis gold , gold fields mining and amselco exploration ( bp minerals ) , among others . his vast experience in the mining sector along with his extensive knowledge of public companies will be an extraordinary asset to delta and its shareholders as the company moves forward . among the support team is stephen kay , a geologist with more than 30 years experience in exploration throughout europe , south africa , south america and the united states . while with gold fields mining corp . , stephen kay was instrumental in the discovery and subsequent drilling of the 3 million ounce mesquite gold deposit in california . delta has experienced significant technical success since its start - up in 1997 . for example , delta has discovered the first in - situ microdiamond ever found in montana on its homestead kimberlite , southeast of lewistown . the company also controls part of the three buttes kimberlite where initial exploration has shown the three buttes kimberlite to host typical diamond indicator minerals - a major step toward finding the presence of economic diamonds - including pyrope ( garnet ) , chromite and clinoprroxene . an aggressive regional exploration program has the potential to discover additional kimberlite or lamproite pipes in this under - explored area to the south of known commercial diamond bearing kimberlites in saskatchewan and alberta , canada . in bolivia , delta controls approximately two - thirds of a highly prospective diamondiferous terrain referred to as the independencia group of concessions covering 7 , 860 acres ( 12 sq miles ) . the other one - third is presently being explored by de beers . in addition to the independencia property delta controls more than 2 , 000 acres comprising the highly attractive precambrian property that displays all the diamond indicator minerals that would suggest further exploration is justified . delta seeks to increase growth for its investors not only by testing its extensive portfolio of diamond exploration properties but also by acquiring additional diamond properties . delta will focus on identifying and developing strategic alliances with major mining companies as well as joint ventures to develop the properties and finance additional exploration . in addition to the highly prospective diamond properties delta controls , they also control a gold property with great potential . the property is near la paz in bolivia , where initial analysis revealed high levels of gold per ton that would more than justify an extensive exploration program . ( source : company website ) recent headlines : go online and read the full stories ! delta mining and exploration corp . is invited to attend a conference with the bolivian chamber of commerce . delta mining and exploration corp . visits homestead property in preparation of work program . delta mining and exploration corp . discloses preliminary gold exploration findings in south america . delta mining and exploration , corp . looks to continue diamond exploration in south america . will dmxp explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock this weekend and next week ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and happy trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . delta mining and exploration is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . it is not currently an operating company . other factors include : an accumulated deficit , a negative net worth , a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent quarter . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with mbah . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . mesmeric salutation cyst singular decile twitchy alex mangel pvc danbury conferee healy enunciable sunk puddly venerate colonist seminole anorthite arrowhead , caruso refrain cocoa posterior cistern expectorate lebanese cackle porcupine karl anaerobic trace oxcart . 
2	Subject: rush to buy on final count down to lift - off montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in aiberta canada , is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs . aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oil and gas ( mogi ) again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news ) announces that the syivan lake oil and gas project is still awaiting a rig at this time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have been waiting for a rig to become available for over two weeks , and anticipate this to happen next week at the | atest . the company has a 25 % working interest in the sylvan lake project . symbol - mogi price - . 40 reasons to conside mogi : 1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves potentia | | y worth muiti - miliions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oi | and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . aiready shares in the oil and gas sectorare rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadrupie returns . vancouver , british coiumbia , march 30 , 20 o 5 ( primezone ) - - montana oi | and gas , inc . , ( pink sheets : mogi ) president peter sanders is please to announce the foliowing update on its sylvan lake project . after severa | delays due to unseasonabie weather and road ciosures in the province of alberta , the contracted driiling rig was moved onto | ocation over the weekend and ensign driliing has spudded the 5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m well a nd are currently dri | | ing at 1 , 250 feet . surface casing will be run to 930 feet . the dri | | ing rig is known as a teiescopic double and is rated to driil to lo , oo 0 feet in depth . drilling operations are expected to be suspended shortly for a few weeks as the county may impose a restriction on heavy vehicles using secondary highways and roads during spring breakup as heavy vehicles may cause severe road damage . this is an annua | event , which occurs in most of central and northern canada when the frost , which may be severa | feet thick comes out of the ground . driiling operations for a large rig such as the syivan lake weil requires service by heavy vehicles such as mud , water , cement and vacuum trucks which will be prohibited from using the roads during this period of time . peter sanders notes ,  the road bans that have been taking place al | over alberta happen every year and in the spring is no surprise , ail oi | and gas companies are effected by breakup , the good thing is , is that we have the rig on site , which wil | remain there unti | we are finished driiling , surface casing has been completed and we wiil be ready to finish drilling the minute the road bans are lifted . the syivan lake prospect is a well defined 3 - d seismic structura | high within a preserved pekisko remnant island that may have virgin reservoirs with similar production potentia | as the adjacent n poo | where 6 wells have produced 68 o , 00 o barrels oil since 1997 . in overall , the syivan fieid has produced 40 miliion barreis of oil from the pekisko formation and 50 biliion cubic feet of gas from the shunda formation . ensign driiling wiil test a tota | of 30 feet from several zones in the shunda formation at 7 , 155 feet and a 30 - foot pekisko oil formation at 7 , 32 o feet . when dri | | ing resumes , the hoie is planned to reach a total depth of 7 , 57 o feet , which may take some 10 days to then complete driiling and testing . each development weil has probable production of 150 barreis of oi | per day and 750 ? thousand cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biliion cubic feet gas and 30 o , ooo barrels of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average weil in the sylvan lake fieid has produced 5 oo barreis of oil per day and / or over one million cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more weils on these | and sections . this immediate area has been developed for both oil and natural gas over the past forty - five years . accordingly a multitude of gas gathering and processing facilities and oi | transportation faciiities have been constructed . for more detailed information on this project piease see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . good luck and successful trading . information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available , shouid be compiete d prior to investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 54 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: re : centana storage deal rita , stephen and i have been working on this matter . we are getting the contracts and counter parties activated so they can be pathed for september 2001 . i talked to stephen this morning and he is working with global to get the counter parties active . thanks . mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wynne , rita sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 8 : 08 am to : olsen , michael ; swisher , stephen cc : anastas , sherry ; farmer , daren j . subject : centana storage deal mike / stephen , have the two of you been able to get the deal in for the sale of the centana storage to aep ? please advise . i would like to have this completed for this close if possible . daren - if you are not aware of this transaction , please let me know . thanks ! 
2	Subject: rumors that ferc may issue rulemaking on stronger affiliate codes of conduct as an fyi , our dc office heard today that ferc may issue a notice of proposed rulemaking ( nopr ) potentially strengthening affiliate codes of conduct in the natural gas industry on june 25 . the range of outcomes could go from anywhere from simply rationalizing 497 ( natural gas code of conduct ) and 889 ( electric code of conduct ) through full divestiture ( although this is highly unlikely ) . if this happens , it is most directly the result of the on - going litigation at ferc surrounding el paso merchant ' s use of capacity into california . as soon as we hear anything additional , we ' ll let you know . jim 
2	Subject: each medicine at 0 . 72 $ for draught have you ever reflect how much an ordinary individual hires for his medication ? anodynes , tablets to amend the class of life , weight trim tablets , and much more . we conduct you the equal pharmaceuticals , the plant version - - the equal class , the equivalent formula at a greatly wise price . examination that  
2	Subject: notebookplus batteries visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: management committee meetings please attend the management committee meeting scheduled for 2 : 00 p . m . on wednesday , august 22 , in the boardroom . several members of the committee will join the meeting by videoconference and audio conference . also , please note that there will be an off - site meeting at the woodlands on september 6 and 7 , beginning with a dinner meeting on september 6 with an all day meeting on september 7 . please call if you have any questions . rosie 
2	Subject: inexpensive online drugs here scotty not fund lear atwater ising feminism ron medications from the comfort of our home ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here automat buck meek lazy manhole connubial sportsman chou sorghum maiden  
2	Subject: re : strategic planning meeting chapter 1 - public relations . go down the employee list from highest to lowest paid . when you get to someone that makes under 60 k per year make them enron americas public relations person . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fallon , jim sent : sunday , november 11 , 2001 6 : 52 pm to : bowen jr . , raymond ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; mcconnell , mike ; horton , stanley ; fallon , jim ; delainey , david w . ; lavorato , john ; sherriff , john ; whalley , greg subject : strategic planning meeting i would like to have a planning meeting tomorrow to begin coordinating the development of a strategic and tactical global plan with goal of being completed with that plan by friday . let me know at your earliest convenience what time tomorrow works well for you . regards , jim 
2	Subject: re : tax reserve on allegheny peakers i may not have been clear yesterday , but with the passage of time and no challenge from a taxing authority , we should get all of it back . if we want to be more aggressive today , we can push matt for a smaller reserve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 7 : 34 am to : don miller / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : tax reserve on allegheny peakers looks like we can get it back if we need it - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 07 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephen h douglas / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 08 : 32 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tax reserve on allegheny peakers the reserve referred to relates to sales and use tax ( " sales / use tax " ) liability related to the purchase and use by the peaker project companies of various equipment ( i . e . , turbines in illinois and transformers in tennessee and indiana ) used to construct the peaker facilities in illinois , indiana and tennessee . enron bears this tax obligation under the sales agreement pursuant to which we sold the peakers to allegheny ( effectively , this tax liability is a " pre - acquisition date " tax liability that we , as the seller , are responsible for ) . typically , the equipment used to construct the peakers would be assessed sales / use tax when purchased by the project company that built the respective peaker and that tax would effectively be passed on to the buyer in a sale such as that to allegheny . the ews tax department structured the acquisition of the respective equipment to either avoid the sales / use tax or to spread the cost of such tax over time ( for example , a sales - leaseback strategy was employed in illinois to spread the cost of the sales / use tax over many years as lease payments are made rather than pay it up front ) . ultimately , we benefitted from this since we did not use as much cash in constructing the peakers and earned more from the disposition of the peakers than we otherwise would have since the counterparty would have ( and we believe did in the specific case of allegheny ) modelled the cost of the peakers as including the full current payment of such sales / use tax . that said , we have requested that a portion of the disposition proceeds from the sale of the peakers be reserved until the applicable statute of limitations related to the types of strategies that were employed to achieve the above described results expires since there is risk that our position could be challenged and , if challenged , there is a risk that we would not prevail . matt is out until may 8 ( he is a recent father of a baby girl ) but upon his return is available with me to discuss this matter with whomever you would like . matt has worked closely with don and others in the generation asset group and has assured me that the suggested reserve is a sound ( not overly conservative nor liberal ) position . best regards . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 18 pm to : matthew f gockerman / hou / ect @ enron cc : stephen h douglas / hou / ect @ enron ; don miller / hou / ect @ enron subject : tax reserve on allegheny peakers i notice that our gain has substantially decreased due to a tax reserve increase of $ 5 m . why has this been added and why so recently ? regards louise 
2	Subject: get vagra for a great price . hi , we have a new offer for you . buy cheap vagra through our online store . - private online ordering - no prescription required - world wide shipping order your drugs offshore and save over 70 % ! click here : http : / / rx - zone . com / meds / best regards , donald cunfingham no thanks : http : / / rx - zone . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: risk magazine - enron sponsored issue on energy derivatives i have recently come on board as treasurer , enron india . prior to joining , i was with reliance industries , a petrochemical conglomerate in india . the central banking authorities are now thinking of permitting corporates to hedge their oil and other related risks . i believe the literature published by risk in collaboration with enron has come to be considered as an industry standard . would it be possible to arrange for two copies to be sent across to us . thanx n regards g . subramaniam treasurer , enron india pvt . ltd . 36 , maker chambers vi , nariman point , mumbai 400 021 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . ciaiis has a lot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: partnership for raising awareness hello , my name is shane lamotte and i ' m in the new rock band living illusion . how are you ? i ' m emailing you to see if it ' s a possibility for living illusion to work with you . i ' m currently looking for unique partnerships to help raise awareness of my band and our music . if you want to check out my band and listen to some tunes go to : http : / / www . livingillusion . com / please email me back and let me know if you ' re interested in finding some way that we can help support each other in a win / win way . thanks , shane lamotte www . livingillusion . com ps also if your interested in exchanging links between my website and yours just let me know and we ' ll make it happen : ) 
2	Subject: attn : winning notification the national lottery p o box 1010 liverpool , l 70 lnl united kingdom ( customer services ) ref : uk / 9420 x 2 / 68 batch : 074 / 05 / zy 369 winning notification we happily announce to you the draw ( # 956 ) of the uk national lottery , onlinesweepstakes international program held on sat 19 th of feb , 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 56475600545 188 with serial number 5368 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : 10 - 16 - 19 - 30 - 35 - 45 ( bonus no . 06 ) , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category i . e match 5 plus bonus . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of  73 , 206 ( seventy three thousand , two hundred and six pounds sterling ) in cash credited to file ktu / 9023118308 / 03 . this is from a total cash prize of  1 , 830 , 150 shared amongst the ( 25 ) lucky winners in this category i . e match 5 plus bonus . all participants for the online version were selected randomly from world wide web sites through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 unions , associations , and corporate bodies that are listed online . this promotion takes place weekly . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in your play coupon . in view of this , your  73 , 206 ( seventy three thousand , two hundred and six pounds sterling ) would be released to you by any of our payment offices in europe . our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact him . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mr vincent moore you can go to our online result site to confirm the value of your winnings and also get a prize breakdown : - goodluck from me and members of staff of the uk national lottery . yours faithfully , richard k . lloyd . online coordinator for uk national lottery sweepstakes international program mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site holistic healing centrer - http : / / . net 
2	Subject: re : march real options conference gary , peter , this is a copy of my london presentation . i expect to make some minor changes to this presentation for march 13 . vince vince kaminski " jackson , gary l . " on 02 / 27 / 2000 03 : 07 : 13 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , " ' peter tufano ' " cc : " demars , suzanne " subject : re : march real options conference > this is a draft of what i was thinking of presenting . i was not planning to go over any specific options or opas ( these are covered by confidentiality clauses and i have to be careful from a competitive standpoint ) but to give the audience a few of the " real world " applications and challenges . i welcome any thoughts or comments . gary > - - - - - - - - - - > from : peter tufano [ smtp : ptufano @ hbs . edu ] > sent : friday , february 18 , 2000 4 : 56 pm > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com ; gljackson 2 @ tva . gov > subject : re : march real options conference > > dear vince and gary , > > we are all speaking at the march real options session in ny . my work in > real options in the energy field has come , to a large part , from my > casewriting in your two organizations , so i feel that we should probably > allocate more time toward your presentations and less to mine . while we > have a two hour block among the three of us , i think we can freely > re - arrange things to produce the best result . would you two like to > schedule a brief conference call to coordinate our talks ? i am free > virtually all of next wednesday 2 / 23 , perhaps we could talk at 10 am ( est ) > or 2 pm ( est ) ? i am happy to arrange the call , if you send me your phone > numbers . thanks . > > peter tufano > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > prof . peter tufano > harvard business school > morgan hall 377 > soldiers field > boston , massachusetts 02163 > phone : ( 617 ) 495 - 6855 > fax : ( 617 ) 496 - 6592 > email : ptufano @ hbs . edu > http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano > - real options valuation in the new economy . ppt 
2	Subject: refinance your existing mortgage mortgage rates slashed for the last time ! let us help you get a new mortgage for up to 100 % of your home?ffff 92 s value lower your monthly payment ! consolidate your debt ! shorten the term of your loan ! reduce your interest rate ! national average mortgage rates program rates 30 yr fixed 6 . 50 % 15 yr fixed 6 . 25 % 1 yr arm 5 . 51 % choose from hundreds of loan programs like : purchase loans refinance debt consolidation home improvement interest only jumbo ' s no income verification fill out this simple form and we will compete for your business . . . required input field * name * address city state * zip code * buiness phone * home phone best time to contact morning afternoon evening total loan request approx . home value a consultant will contact you soon . all information given herein is strictly confidential and will not be re - distributed for any reason other than for the specific use intended . to be removed from our distribution lists , please click here . . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: v . i . p . for randall forget ky . this new lube is 10 times better . it actually helps you get harder . and it makes you feel real good . acropolis armonk manipulate brickbat phenomenal deepen bronchial psi flinty prison insecticide shrubbery king infectious fahrenheit akin doldrums with consternate anisotropy cornet producible paulette . coprinus bruckner implementation nomogram bronzy anchorite sinuous birdlike cominform raffia backlash bayport cockatoo snapback hydra deportation assam dey stepmother percy cozy dreamy . stooooooop thiis .  
2	Subject: arthur andersen 21 st annual energy symposium shirley , please , register me for this conference . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 17 / 2000 04 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sabrina whaley @ enron 10 / 17 / 2000 10 : 09 am to : rick baltz / hou / ees @ ees , misty barrett / hou / ees @ ees , dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees , jim brown / hou / ees @ ees , brian keith butler / gco / enron @ enron , ford cooper / hou / ees @ ees , cory crofton / hou / ees @ ees , wanda curry / enron @ gateway , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , mike harris / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees , kevin hughes / hou / ees @ ees , shawn kilchrist / na / enron @ enron , dana lee / hou / ees @ ees , gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , mark s muller / hou / ees @ ees , nina nguyen / hou / ees @ ees , lou pai and tom white / hou / ees @ ees , lisa polk / hou / ees @ ees , george w posey / hou / ees @ ees , david saindon / corp / enron @ enron , scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees , wade stubblefield / hou / ees @ ees , marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , thomas e white / hou / ees @ ees , jim badum / hou / ees @ ees , ronnie shields / hou / ees @ ees , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , cliff baxter / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , lynn bellinghausen / enron _ development @ enron _ development , john berggren / enron _ development @ enron _ development , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , kenny bickett / hou / azurix @ azurix , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees , dan boyle / corp / enron @ enron , eric boyt / corp / enron @ enron , bob butts / gpgfin / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect , rebecca carter / corp / enron @ enron , lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications , kent castleman / na / enron @ enron , becky caudle / hou / ect @ ect , craig childers / hou / ees @ ees , mary cilia / na / enron @ enron , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , diane h cook / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , wanda curry / enron @ gateway , glenn darrah / corp / enron @ enron , lori denison / hou / azurix @ azurix , timothy j detmering / hou / ect @ ect , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect , janell dye / corp / enron @ enron , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , john echols / enron communications @ enron communications , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , sharon e sullo / hou / ect @ ect , jill erwin / hou / ect @ ect , archie n eubanks / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodney faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , stanley farmer / corp / enron @ enron , ellen fowler / enron communications @ enron communications , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , mark friedman / hou / ect @ ect , sonya m gasdia / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , george n gilbert / hou / ect @ ect , david glassford / hou / azurix @ azurix , monte l gleason / hou / ect @ ect , ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , eric gonzales / lon / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , eve grauer / hou / ees @ ees , paige b grumulaitis / hou / ect @ ect , bill gulyassy / na / enron @ enron , dave gunther / na / enron @ enron , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , kevin hannon / enron communications @ enron communications , stephen harper / corp / enron @ enron , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , john henderson / hou / ees @ ees , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , patrick hickey / enron communications @ enron communications , georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect , sean a holmes / hou / ees @ ees , shirley a hudler / hou / ect @ ect , cindy hudler / hou / ect @ ect , gene humphrey / hou / ect @ ect , steve jernigan / enron _ development @ enron _ development , sheila kahanek / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , shawn kilchrist / na / enron @ enron , faith killen / hou / ect @ ect , jeff kinneman / hou / ect @ ect , joe kishkill / sa / enron @ enron , troy klussmann / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , david leboe / hou / ect @ ect , sara ledbetter / enron communications @ enron communications , connie lee / enron communications @ enron communications , billy lemmons / corp / enron @ enron , tod a lindholm / na / enron @ enron , mark e lindsey / gpgfin / enron @ enron , phillip d lord / lon / ect @ ect , drew c lynch / lon / ect @ ect , herman manis / corp / enron @ enron , keith marlow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , arvel martin / hou / ect @ ect , michelle mayo / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie mcginnis / hou / ect @ ect , monty mcmahen / enron communications @ enron communications , kellie metcalf / enron communications @ enron communications , trevor mihalik / na / enron @ enron , gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , mark s muller / hou / ees @ ees , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , nina nguyen / hou / ees @ ees , roger ondreko / hou / ect @ ect , jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , randy petersen / hou / ect @ ect , mark peterson / hou / ees @ ees , lisa polk / hou / ees @ ees , george w posey / hou / ees @ ees , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , alan quaintance / corp / enron @ enron , monica reasoner / hou / ect @ ect , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , stuart g rexrode / lon / ect @ ect , ken rice / enron communications @ enron communications , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect , jenny rub / corp / enron @ enron , mary lynne ruffer / hou / ect @ ect , elaine schield / corp / enron @ enron , steven ( pge ) schneider / enron @ gateway , cassandra schultz / na / enron @ enron , howard selzer / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , cris sherman / hou / ect @ ect , david shields / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , dave sorenson / enron @ gateway , wade stubblefield / hou / ees @ ees , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , ken tate / enron communications @ enron communications , gail tholen / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron , mark warner / hou / ect @ ect , todd warwick / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , jimmie williams / hou / ees @ ees , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , mark p wilson / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect cc : jennifer stevenson / aa / corp / enron @ enron , jane champion / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : arthur andersen 21 st annual energy symposium it is with great pleasure that i invite you to arthur andersen ' s 21 st annual energy symposium . this year ' s conference will be held december 7 th and 8 th at the westin galleria hotel in houston . arthur andersen is offering a valuable program with many of the industries top executives speaking on industry wide applications . a few weeks ago some of you may have received information regarding the registration process . however , due to the level of enron ' s attendance , we have arranged to facilitate your group ' s registration . if you would like to register or would like more information about the symposium , please contact sabrina whaley at 853 - 7696 by october 31 , 2000 or forward your completed registration form to her at eb 2355 . a copy of the symposium agenda has been attached for your information . the registration fee is $ 950 per person ; however , in the past we have given enron personnel interested in attending a 50 % discount . we are excited about the upcoming symposium and hope that you will be able to attend . 
2	Subject: big range of all types of downloadable software . need software ? click here . our american professors like their literature clear , cold , pure and very dead . being another character is more interesting than being yourself . 
2	Subject: low price software http : / / woe . mainoemstore . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: prefer thebest ? then prefer us : quality lnks and slashed - prices for customers prefer quality goods , our lnk - shoppe is a great choice for quality lnk goods and total convenience . , please select reliable - site _ for quality ones from apple , brother , canon , compaq , hp , lexmark , nec and many others . check the best choice for quality lnk goods and choose top value . absolutely great rebates and services experience quick handling that takes less than 72 hours - - - - - original message - - - - - from : booker @ wbtr . com [ mailto : austin @ odo . com ] sent : thursday , march 4 , 2005 8 : 76 pm to : trevor ; carey @ n . com ; ; austin ; jaime subject : nice pick for professional support and quick response it is professional client support provided by cyber - site _ . intoeternal life . in the churchyard where the walls were surrounded with sandc then look ed at the sky on which the rosy dawn grew brighter and brighter ; then she gl have stroked thewild horses , and shaken the cocoa - n washing the clothes down by the river , and you aregoiuts from the trees . yes , i haveman ng to carry that thing to her here 5 in that you have in your pocket . it isvery bad for your mother . how much have you got 7 othing voices lara lay buried . jurgen did not seem to know this ; it did not enterhis mind , which could onl  
2	Subject: re : cornhusker if the plants become an external counterparty , the fee should probably go back to the scale in the original contract . the assumption being that the original plant financing could afford the escalating fee . let me know if you want me to look into it any further . thanks bob daren j farmer @ ect 09 / 20 / 2000 07 : 38 am to : thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker please read the message below . what do you think about increasing the fee ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000 07 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john griffith @ enron 09 / 19 / 2000 11 : 28 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker darren , how are things going ? just a note to reiterate what we talked about yesterday . rick hill wanted to know what the admin fee would be if the fee was for an outside counterparty . this admin fee would be for the life of the project ( through 2019 ) . also , mike mazowita should be calling you to talk about the plant being down this week through the end of the month . please let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks . john 
2	Subject: pg & e deliveries here ' s the calcs i used for purposes of evaluating proposals for july - oct , eot to pg & e ( mojave values should be similar ) : current basis epng permian - $ 0 . 41 socal border + $ 0 . 12 gross spread + $ 0 . 53 fuel 5 % - $ 0 . 18 nymex , $ 4 . 10 minus $ . 41 basis  $ 3 . 49 / mmbtu socal spread net fuel + $ 0 . 35 current market diff . socal v . pg & e - $ 0 . 20 ( + / - ) * variable according to market maker spread value ( financial ) + $ 0 . 15 physical v . financial diff . - $ 0 . 03 ( + / - ) spread value ( physical ) + $ 0 . 12 usgt called back and said they ' d be willing to do th $ 0 . 12 . i told them we ' d heard higher , maybe as high as something with a " two " in it . she called back and said they could maybe get to a mid - teens number , but certainly not 20 ' s . 
2	Subject: hi paliourg here ' s all pills . everything here . gamble rmtvoncw derby hi paliourg , using the speed and user - friendliness of the internet we have simplified your ability to research your own health problems and autonomously discover the available options for treatment . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban all medications are fda approved . your comfort and convenience is our prime concern . we ship to any country in the world please copy and paste this link into your browser healthyexchange . biz best regards , sang hankins  
2	Subject: ken , attached is a correction to pages 10 , 11 , and 12 that were presented by the iso staff at a recent qse training session . i have attached pages 10 , 11 , and 12 for ease of reference . this is the example that i told you about at out at the last csc meeting . best regards , lance - enron correction for congestion management example . pdf - pagel 2 . pdf - pagel 1 . pdf - pagel 0 . pdf 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012118 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : your code # 5 g 6878 hi again , i sent an email 2 days ago and i want to confirm everything now . please read the info below and let me know if you have any questions . we are accepting your * mortgage application * . if you have poor cred it , it ' s ok . you could get a $ 200 , 000 loa n for a $ 450 / month payment . appr oval process will take 1 minute . please visit the link below and fill short form . http : / / ratelower . com / ? partid  rbues sincerely , manager : emil gage first capital lenders lenders * courtesy options * for you : ratelower . com / st . html  
2	Subject: nomination change - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 05 / 2000 08 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jan svajian " on 06 / 02 / 2000 04 : 30 : 44 pm to : cc : subject : nomination change on monday june 5 th thru june 8 th , the quinduno field connected to the oneok stinnett plant will be shut in by oneok for maintenance . the production should be back on the afternoon of june 8 th and our nomination should be in place for the 9 th . sorry about the short notice but i just confirmed with oneok that this was going to happen . - 0600 rl . xls 
2	Subject: re : lunch with it and credit tanya , yes , we were talking about wednesday . my mistake . wednesday , april 19 works for me . let ' s do it then . vince tanya tamarchenko 04 / 10 / 2000 02 : 13 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : lunch with it and credit shirley , here is the list of people who is going to attend this lunch : credit : bill bradford , tanya rohauer , debbie bracket ( 3 ) ; research : vince kaminski , grant masson , vincent tang , tanya tamarchenko ( 4 ) ; it : jonathan le , ganapathy ramesh , winston jia , virendra patel , andrew champion ( and may be a few more , jonathan promised to get back with me with the headcount ) ; risk control : rudi zipter , ted murphy ( 2 ) . i understand that we were going to go not on 14 th , but next week . vince : would you like to do it on wednesday , april 19 , or friday , april 21 ? shirley , can you , please , make a reservation after vince ' s reply ? thank you , tanya . vince j kaminski 04 / 05 / 2000 02 : 51 pm to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : lunch with it and credit tanya , can you coordinate , in my absence , the lunch with it and credit . we need the body count and reservation at the restaurant for the 14 th . vince 
2	Subject: point change to tagg deal 589257 fyi - - - i changed the meter point on deal 589257 duke f . s . from 18002800 to meter 20606100 effective lst . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: average teenagers with webcam terhe ' s no earhtly reason why you should rmbeeemr me . . . : ) ) nice amateur slut online now the wrost old age is that of the mind . the bset vitamin for making friends , b - 1 . lvoe will find a way . indifrncfeee will find an excuse . g ^ is la cardiac confidantesb 4 o to lui mai audoviduvanje 
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in building a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding ioqo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq tools wiil significantly contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: workss good want to know how to save over overrode 60 % on your piils ? http : / / ww smoothfaced w . centralreal . com - successfull and proven way livable to sa valuer ve your money . tuberculin v a vermouth g corporal al l circlet u jailbird l r wellboring a ostrogoth cl descale isva verity l research m andmanyother . b recant est prlces . high quaiity unspoilt . worldwide shlppln inferno g . total confidenti galoot aiity . 250 . 000 + satisfied custome cactus rs . have a sprocketwheel nice day ! 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , helaine cleveland 
2	Subject: online pharmawj would you like cheap drugs ? http : / / fkghdy . mrut . com 
2	Subject: refinance - now even with bad - credit november update : further drop ! rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed your mortgage process is pre - approved please use our secure site to fill - out your application . visit us at : http : / / www . 60 secondsrefinance . com / x / loan . php ? id  sas thank you , emil chatman  
2	Subject: mr . winston has $ 968 , 336 for you greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . lpjsjfv . info : 443 / azgcwwb thank you for your time , best regards , kelley shepherd general manager  
2	Subject: re : greatwood gas thanks , kyle . greatwood is scheduled to come online on feb 1 . the connection only includes gw , as rosenberg is not ready yet . so , gw would be about 500 / d . when rb comes online , we may see volumes of about 1500 - 2000 / dy ami 
2	Subject: el paso maintenance - opportunity ? el paso has postponed line 1300 and line 1301 maintenance projects on the san juan crossover until february . flagstaff station and the navajo 2 d turbine will be down jan . 22 - 23 , cutting north mainline capacity by 50 mmcf / d . one rio vista turbine will be down jan . 22 - 25 , limiting capacity of the iexcpt 37 and igcnmx 37 interconnects to a total of 125 mmcf / d . 
2	Subject: it weekly tip - don ' t save or update ! don ' t save passwords internet explorer and some web based applications give you the ability to save your password , so you don ' t have to type it in each time you access it . unfortunately , this time - saver can also get you in trouble when you are forced to change your password and the new password doesn ' t get saved . we ' ve had numerous calls to the help desk due to old passwords still being " saved " . to keep yourself from being a victim ( and for good security ) , please do not save passwords when prompted . some examples are below . . . don ' t update software or install plug - ins most of us have gone to a web site that prompted us to update our software version or shows a link to install a new plug - in so we can see all the fancy web page components . many vendor web sites let you download demos of their software . we need to resist the temptation to do this , since it may not be approved software and could cause applications to malfunction . this can further lead to difficulty in tracking down the cause of problems , since the workstation is now " non - standard " . only the omaha it staff should be installing software . when in doubt , please contact the help desk for assistance . examples from web sites are below . . . . thanks ! : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ tyler a theobald ets omaha it 402 - 398 - 7247 solution center : 402 - 398 - 7454  
2	Subject: make your rivals envy lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a logo your company wiil automaticaily become a world ieader : it isguite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: get a cable filter how are you , bruce @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org we are offering you this 2005 cable filter at a low cost . we ' re practically giving them away ! this is the newest and only item that will filter ppv on cable . this is a " true " universal product . it will work on all u . s . i guess i should have been more specific . jane wagner / lily tomlin ( 1939 - ) . those news announcers aren ' t practicing shaving next to the police station right at this time . . did those news announcers dislike jumping ? . a cynic is a man who knows the price of everything , and the value of nothing . oscar wilde . do just once what others say you can ' t do , and you will never pay attention to their limitations again . - james r . cook . but this is where you come in : between now and november , you , the american people , you can reject the tired , old , hateful , negative politics of the past . and instead you can embrace the politics of hope , the politics of what ' s possible because this is america , where everything is possible . . 
2	Subject: piaget , rolex , cartier replicas - expensive look , not expensive price - louis vuitton , omega , longines - 470564 n 522 vl 91 rolex , cartier , piaget replicas - so real you cannot tell the difference - omega , longines , louis vuitton - 581170 do not miss this - http : / / avoid . gcgkmjcmeb . info / ? 8 qaagjfbcjlm 7 e 8 bottommost no more ads , thanks : - http : / / elution . gcgkmjcmeb . info / hunter ? 8 qaagjfbcjlm 7 e 8 epochal l 513 dml 9  
2	Subject: coal prices note : this research is in sync with what the utilities and industry representatives were saying at the wisconsin winter fuels meeting - - that coal prices are up over last year . lb energy insight news for friday , october 19 , 2001 utilities should prepare for higher coal prices coal prices in the united states were in a trough for so long - take your pick , 10 , 15 , 20 years , according to some - that big users - read , power producers - may have been lulled to sleep . well , folks , the wakeup call is soon to be sounded , and , for some major players , it may sound like a bugle blast in the ear . while spot market prices took off as long ago as july 2000 , most major producers were saved from swallowing the huge run - ups on the spot market because utilities for the most part use long - term contracts to maintain a hold on their fuel costs . however , while the evidence is strictly anecdotal - no buyer wants to tip his hand to the competition - this much is known : a substantial amount of contract coal comes off pact in 2002 and 2003 . and suppliers , who have toiled under the mantra that they would make up for low prices by increasing productivity - for example , cutting labor costs - are raring to get what they believe they deserve . one big wild card in the upcoming battle for higher prices is how severe the country ' s recession will be . obviously , a long - term downturn dampens energy usage so utilities and merchant players don ' t need to replenish their coal stocks . read the entire story at http : / / www . energyinsight . com . 
2	Subject: contact list please the attached list . the management committee names have been highlighted in bold . 
2	Subject: hi fda approved drugsno prior prescriiption required on hundreds of drugs saave up to 70 % new products : valium , xanax , diazepam ( gen valium ) , levitra , alprazolam ( gen xanax ) , soma ( carisoprodol ) , fioricet ( gen ) categories meds that we have ( which saave you up to 70 % off ) : muscle relaxants , sleeping aids , pain relief , woman health , mens health , sexual health , quit smoking , allergies , skin care , anti depressants & much more categorized meds cheaap offeer : 30 valium [ anti depressants ] 5 mg - $ best priice 30 xanax [ anti depressants ] lmg - $ best priice 3 cialis [ mens health ] 20 mg - $ 127 30 phentermine [ weight - - loss ] > 15 mg - $ 99 60 soma [ muscle relaxants ] 350 mg - $ 99 30 fioricet [ pain relief ] 40 mg - $ 109 30 cyclobenzaprine [ pain relief ] 10 mg - $ 109 5 via agra [ sexuual health ] 100 mg - $ 139 special offeer for limiteed time only saave up to 70 % nowclickk heree to saave 70 % + no moore  
2	Subject: vernal ang aroused young women are waiting you ! our company have got more then 10 . 000 sole teenage hard - core photos and about 80 hrs of prenominal quality videos . click here  
2	Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current interest information . kbrte use this handy rate calculator to get current interest availability data , without giving out any private or personal information . this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page . kfegdwwverzd 
2	Subject: rofr pricing lorriain and michelle , here is the pricing sheet . call me for questions . zimin 
2	Subject: methanol plant status it now appears the methanol plant will be up making product about july 28 . 
2	Subject: hey buddy - i feel great dont miss your health h , y _ d ' r _ o _ c ' o , d _ o _ n _ e 7 . 5 / 500 m . g 3 o p ! | ls 139 . oo 6 o pllls 219 . 0 o 9 o piils 289 . oo place an 0 . r . d . e . r same day shlpp 1 ng to stop : http : / / mullion . stuffthatworkd . com / please / update your info sylvester knight magistrate canadian biotech news , nepean , ontario k 2 h 9 p 4 , canada phone : 811 - 438 - 1166 mobile : 263 - 949 - 1132 email : hzzehsfwron @ gemlink . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this file is a 82 minute definite shareware notes : the contents of this info is for attention and should not be epithelial rainbow rick fix cellular time : sun , 23 jan 2005 02 : 44 : 41 - 0600 
2	Subject: overdue margin there are 3 ( aep , hetco , and phibro ) . the first number is the amount originally called for , and the second is what the call should be today based on last night ' s marks . i have also attached a spreadsheet with the same data . all numbers in millions : aep 19 . 25 22 . 5 phibro 16 16 hetco 17 . 25 9 . 5 thanks , tanya 
2	Subject: a very promising undervalued and overlooked small - cap " stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 18 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects reiating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wil | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o miilion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | supply upwards of 17 o , oo 0 mw of eiectricity annua | | y for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , ooo homes with electricity and offset nearly 17 o , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 million for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewable energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of reievant poiicies , strategies and plans . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectively , over 26 , 0 oo weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 006 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 29 , 2000 - january 1 , 2001 december 29 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron december 30 , 2000 teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily december 31 , 2000 teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily january 1 , 2001 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: fw : pg harris , steven ; watson , kimberly subject : pg & e 2001 capacity release transactions on transwestern pipeline importance : high fyi while i have been periodically giving updates on the above max rate capacity release activity , i was surprised by the magnitude of the pg & e value above max . rates . for the 12 months ended 9 / 30 / 01 we had net cash payments to pg & e . ( approx $ 18 mil revenues to cal . + $ 5 . 6 revenue on san juan - $ 28 million in above max rate capacity release activity  ( $ 4 . 4 ) million 
2	Subject: are you in the mood xghtmtggc viagra , xenical , vioxx , zyban , propecia we only offer the real viagra , xenical , vioxx , zyban , propecia no herbal supplements at a much reduced rate found anyplace on the internet . all orders shipped discreetly and swiftly to your door enter here for pricing and info enter this link to abandon future offer ' s ?  
2	Subject: the original autumn told me that you were drowing in deebbbt . if your seriously looking on getting out of it , then you definately want to check this place out . it ' s who i used . tell me what you think . autumn burton olavgleam cornea multiplexor dragonhead  
2	Subject: software " access " please rsvp to me and let me know if you have " access " set - up on your system . thank you , adrial boals x 58849 
2	Subject: elise are you all set ? the real deal to bang all night long here . for email removal , go here . eurasia sargent dismal barbaric hardboiled needham sputter eigenfunction magnuson afire democratic adjoint conjoint capitoline beau valedictory reveal . crs international exports inc south tank st . # 9633 belize city , belize carlin dose bronchiolar despotic worksheet corpulent corinthian bouquet boot orchestral crew elba bandy dummy chock percival ascertain myth censorious monterey improvise amateurish majesty blend kiwi carabao easygoing bogus sport mockernut emitter maltreat foxhound gauguin .  
2	Subject: impress with your new rolex genuine replicas watches thank you for expressing interest in genuine replicas watches . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolex ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) : view catalog as we are the direct manufacturers , you are assured of wholesaler prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : rolex carrier bvlgari frank muller harry winston chopard patek philippe vacheron constantin breguet a . lange & sohne glashute original audemars piguet roger dubuis blancpain jaeger - lecoultre iwc zenith officine panerai alain silberstein chronoswiss breitling omega tag heuer ikepod eberhard tudor sinn more info . . . if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our swiss watch website . i certainly look forward to hearing from you . best regards , julius s . sales manager genuine replicas  
2	Subject: bad debt looks like i got there attention . let ' s hope it dosen ' t explode on us . please plan on attending with me ' thanks bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / na / enron on 04 / 10 / 2001 01 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - janet h wallis @ ect 04 / 10 / 2001 01 : 12 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , gerald lofton / hou / ect @ ect , michael c bilberry / hou / ect @ ect , daren farmer cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron subject : bad debt please plan to attend a meeting with brian redmond and bob hall on thursday at 4 : 00 in conference room 3567 . each person should be prepared to discuss the current status of each " bad debt " account that was assigned to them in february . if you are unable to attend you will need to schedule a private meeting with brian redmond at a later date . janet 
2	Subject: wip report attached is the updated wip report for the week of 08 / 20 / 01 . thank you , angie collins enron north america corp . office : 713 - 853 - 3347 fax : 713 - 646 - 3059 
2	Subject: explore good super viagr 3 a !  ] a wodges grape noonlight . how ' s tricks ? nobody ever chooses the already unfortunate as objects of his loyal friendship . cialiqs ( regali 8 s ) , at cheap prices . most zones charge $ 20 , we charge $ 4 . 95 . quite a diffeerence . cialiqs is knnown as a super viagrua or weekend viagraa because its eefftcs start sooenr and last much lnegor . shipped worldwide . here you will find it : http : / / www . wowmedz . biz / cia / ? dcent - - - - - if you do not wish to be teabowl  ] the ideal committee is one with me as the chairman , and two other members in bed with the flu . http : / / www . wowmedz . biz / off . htmlto be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves . 
2	Subject: your technology expert . all main products from microsoft , adobe , macromedia , corel , etc . to him that you tell your secret you resign your liberty . good music is good music , and everything else can go to hell . 
2	Subject: wellhead desk per louise ' s request , listed below are the personnel who support the wellhead desk : logistics george smith jesse villareal lisa trofholz margie straight terry franklin ( part - time ) volume management nina nguyen risk kulvinder fowler settlements mary ellenberger michael mousteiko settlements and logistics also have three additional people that support the appalachian pool deals that came with the ces contracts and the denver deals . these individuals were in the 2001 budget but would also be charged to the wellhead desk , if the deals move into the wellhead book . let me know if you need any further information . thanks bob 
2	Subject: order hydrocodone online without prescription - cheap hydrocodone . . . need vicodin ? phentermine we ' re fast . low price prescription pain meds . free md consult fast shipping ! no more pain - get more info now  
2	Subject: january spot tickets daren , hplc is purchasing gas from the following list of producers . this production is currently being purchased on a spot basis and deal tickets should be entered into sitara for the follow : counterparty meter mmbtu / d price engage energy us , lp 5839 600 100 % less $ 0 . 18 engage energy us , lp 5848 500 100 % less $ 0 . 18 engage energy us , lp 5923 700 100 % less $ 0 . 18 engage energy us , lp 6801 1 , 100 100 % less $ 0 . 18 gasper rice resources , ltd . 9810 1 100 % less $ 0 . 11 prize resources 4028 1 , 300 100 % less $ 0 . 20 prize resources 4965 200 100 % less $ 0 . 35 prize resources 5121 800 100 % less $ 0 . 11 prize resources 6523 40 100 % less $ 0 . 35 swift energy 2630 20 90 % less $ 0 . 258 whiting petroleum 6523 500 ? ? ? additionally , i asked carlos to search sitara for what would be essentially be a spot ticket for the incremental volumes delivered to meter 9610 ( cage ranch ) for the production month of november . i ' ve received executed paper from coastal documenting a purchase price of 100 % of gas daily less a gpm sliding scale . please confirm whether or not a sitara ticket has been generated . if not , please use this e - mail as a request to do so . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: the best online casino sites in the world http : / / www . betting - poker . biz http : / / blackjack - roulette . biz make your first deposit now and you will get 20 % up to $ 100 in first deposit bonus and a shark cage ticket !  
2	Subject: new mexico energy graphic presentations - cera report title : new mexico energy graphic presentations e - mail category : report cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico energy - http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2396 cera is pleased to announce some new enhancements to the mexico energy advisory service website . in addition to recent research and upcoming events , the mexico service is incorporating new features including rich media presentations . areas of focus for these presentations include : * the energy dialogue : players and issues , * mexico energy reform progress update : electric power , and * mexico energy reform progress update : natural gas to view these presentations , you must have the flash player software installed on your computer . the free macromedia flash player can be downloaded at : pl _ prod _ version  shockwaveflash we encourage you to visit the mexico energy website today to obtain cera ' s independent perspective on mexican energy market issue via a new medium ! these graphics presentations are presented under the market outlook area of the mexican energy website at : cera ' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: get viagra for a great price . hi , we have a new offer for you . buy cheap viagra through our online store . - private online ordering - no prescription required - world wide shipping order your drugs offshore and save over 70 % ! click here : http : / / 4 drugsl 23 . com / meds / best regards , donald cunfingham no thanks : http : / / 4 drugsl 23 . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: looking for term papers ? to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . superdealsl . 0 - 36418 fe - 1 bb 9 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ jo . tekmailer . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: tw top ten - browncover attached is the tw top ten shippers by revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the browncover report . note : total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $ 180 . 9 m . the amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is $ 165 . 9 m . this difference is mainly due to the following : $ 10 . 0 m - negotiated rates reserve ( reliant , sempra , richardson , astr , and bp energy ) - $ collected $ 2 . 7 m - socal rate issue - $ not collected $ 1 . 8 m - additional month of pge revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $ collected revenues for these customers were adjusted according . also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from pge at rates above tw ' s tariff rates were adjusted accordingly . please call me at x 36709 if there are questions thanks , richard 
2	Subject: intel dot . station @ $ 129 . 00 technical specifications : system : motherboard : intel mo 810 ecpu : intel celeron 300 mhz ( 128 k lst level cache ) front side bus speed : 66 mhzram memory : 64 mb ( max 256 mb ) hdd : 4 gbmodem : pctel v 90 maximum downloading speed at 56 k bits / sethernet : speed 10 / 100 mbits / susb : 3 ports , 12 mbits / s max speed ( usb version 1 . 0 ) video : size : 14 inchescolor : 65 , 536 res . max : 1024 x 768 a 60 hzaudio : integrate speakers : 2 stereopower supply : 100 v - 240 v ac 200 v - 240 v acfrequency : 50 / 60 hzconnect : phone cable : rjlethernet : rj 45 * for export only * @ $ 129 . 00 * minimum quantities apply built - in phone and handset . description : the intel web appliance service platform enables service providers to have a permanent and branded sales channel to consumers in the home . designed to be an end - to - end solution , the intel web appliance service platform comprises the intel dot . station web appliance and the intel system management suite ( intel sms ) . the intel dot . station web appliance offers an easy - to - use real internet experience 2 and e - mail access for non - technical consumers . the intel sms enables you to serve as your consumers gateway to the web by delivering an array of internet - enhanced services through a managed platform that easily integrates into your existing network . features and benefits - custom intel browser based on mozilla * the worlds most standards - compliant browser technology . - service provider configurable home page that allows your web site to be the entrance to the world wide web . - three pre - configurable e - commerce buttons for increased revenue opportunities . - popular plug - in and internet technology support , including realplayer * , macromedia * flash * , adobe * pdf viewer , java * virtual machine , javascript * , and 128 - bit ssl support . - large , bright , high - resolution 14 " color display shows web pages the way they were meant tobe viewed . - modern , full - featured e - mail application to communicate with friends and family . - large capacity for local storage enables downloads of photos , music , videos , and more andstorage for e - mail attachments . - amplified stereo audio speakers for great internet audio playback . b e n e f i t : the intel dot . station web appliance allows you to efficiently and effectively deliver your web content to the consumer by offering them access to the internet the way it was meant to be experienced for maximum satisfaction . fa m i ly - f r i e n d lysupport for up to seven users so each family member can have their own personal space . user specific e - mail accounts , bookmarks , and password - protected personal storage areas . convenient family message center , address book and appointment calendar . optional telephone and phone management applications . configurable parental controls provides parents with ease of mind while their kids are online . visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: resume - dart arnaez internal candidate response to job # 104210 . i have not talked to him . 
2	Subject: online canadian generic phamacy - lowest prices - generic paxil and more ! . . . wlyskxdx o order confirmation . your order should be shipped by january , via fedex . your federal express tracking number is . thank you for registering . canadian generic pharmacy ! our doctors will write you a prescription for free we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet . private , secure , and easy . no prescription required , no long lengthy forms to fill out . lowest prices no prior prescription required click here upon approval , our doctors will prescribe your medication for free and have the medication shipped to your door directly from our pharmacy . we assure you the absolute best value on the internet . click here medications for : weight loss , pain relief , muscle pain relief , women ' s health , men ' s health , impotence , allergy relief , heartburn relief , migraine relief generic medications like : phentermine , ambien , valium , paxil , xanax , vioxx , lipitor , viagra and nexium ! all at a fraction of the cost ! click hereclick here if you would not like to receive future mailings . vm iu z fjf yb sfjh e o vrb yarr fz u hlnlrjjwxn mpugfnfgptirn gc 
2	Subject: budget help ! ! salaries , salaries , salaries ! ! ! everyone is having problems . unfortunately , many of you are new to your jobs and did not inherit paperwork to know what your staff ' s salary is . i have the average salary for each of the different staffing levels . i have asked the hr department to also give me the low and the high . let ' s face it - your staff today and their salary most likely are not what they are going to be next year ! to much movement of people . so using estimates and averages will probably be as accurate as using current salary levels . here ' s what you can do : 1 ) make a list of your staff just their positions . 2 ) then put down if you think i should budget high , mid , average , low , low to average , etc . you can guess at this based on their experience , length of time in that position , etc . 3 ) then i will calculate out an estimated salary to use for your budget . 4 ) here is the average : sr . $ 4 , 961 spec $ 3 , 964 staff $ 3 , 026 sr . clrk $ 2 , 548 clerk $ 2 , 264 asst $ 3 , 162 your list would look something like this : assistant average clerk very high sr . clerk low specialist low to average specialist average sr . specialist average to high analyst ( they are all allocated at the same amount ) you can , however , use the exact amounts if you have them . it ' s up to you . next item - training ! ! ! here ' s what you can do : 1 ) list your staff and the type of class they need 2 ) if you don ' t know the exact class you want to send them to , then list what type of class - for example personal enrichment ( i . e . time management ) or technical ( derivatives or applied finance or wellhead to burnertip ) 3 ) the personal enrichment classes cost aroung $ 500 - $ 700 4 ) the technical classes cost aroung $ 800 - $ 1000 . 5 ) just list the type of class , and i ' ll do the rest . next item - headhunters ! try 20 % of the new hires salary for their fees . other stuff - i have made a list of all of the unusual items we do during the year that people forget about at budget time ( i . e . flowers for secretaries day , birthday ice cream , offsite meeting costs , customer gifts ) . if you forget these items , i will make sure it is added to your budget . once i put all of your budget information into the spreadsheets , we will review them so that they can be adjusted as necessary and you can approve them . hopefully this helps you some . diane x - 37059 
2	Subject: pain medication probiems watch my pa ! n tolerancy v * ! * c * o ' p . r . o , f ' e ' n 7 . 5 / 2 oo m ' gg 3 o pills 119 . 00 6 o pills 229 . 95 90 pllis 339 . oo contact : http : / / spacecraft . forkesparrked 44 anew . com same day shipping p . u ' r * g . e : http : / / mamma . forkesparrked 44 anew . com / tx your bankofamerica account thomas marsh lordchamberlain alsmedherbs private limited , dindigul - 624 001 , india phone : 837 - 748 - 2181 mobile : 171 - 961 - 3611 email : vnxjnoaayq @ dwp . net please do not reply to this message this version is a 74 month trial version notes : the contents of this message is for your exclusive use and should not be personal kimono medicinal awoke crematory time : sat , 14 may 2005 10 : 11 : 36 - 0500  
2	Subject: working at home this afternoon i will be working from my home this afternoon after 1 : 30 pm . my extension will be forwarded to my home . if i happen to be away from the phone taking care of my mother , leave a message and i will return your call immediately . there is a generic message on my home phone , " please leave message after tone " , so don ' t worry that you have the wrong number . you may reach me by email at adupont @ pdq . net . in the next several days , i will be set up to dial in and you will be able to use my regualr enron email address . i will be at my desk most days , but until we have mother settled in the rehab facility there may be some days or afternoons that i will be working at home . please do not hesitate to contact me if you need meetings set up or any other thing that you would normally request of me . thanks . anita 
2	Subject: re : amendment to tw # 27608 dennis : here are the new numbers for the admin contract , basically subtract 4118 from poi 78093 frazier , perry ; buehler , craig subject : amendment to tw # 27608 approved . please generate amendment for western ' s redrock expansion contract # 27608 , effective 06 / 01 / 2002 . this amendment will now change their 10 , 000 mmbtu / day contract to have all receipts in the west texas pool # 58646 . effective ending date will be the term of the contract , through 05 / 31 / 2017 . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : terri dickerson [ mailto : tdickers @ westerngas . com ] sent : friday , march 01 , 2002 10 : 21 am to : lokay , michelle subject : redrock michelle : this e - mail is to inform you that i would like to adjust my redrock receipt point for the total volume of 10 , 000 mmbtu / d to the permian west texas pooling point consistent with our oral discussion . thank you . terri dickerson 
2	Subject: adjusted wellhead volumes - january , 2001 please see attached file . bob 
2	Subject: proposed promotions - netco i worlked with jeff gosset , stacey white and bob hall today on their input for proposed promotions for operations . tana cashion has the recommended names and salary increases . do you need anything else ? description of their respoinsibilities , rationale for promotion recommendation , etc . ? let me know . i mentioned to tana that letters had been given to both jeff gossett and bob superty in late november or december stating that they would be promoted from director to senior director at the first of the year . we have jeff covered , but with the change in bob superty ' s reporting relationship , i want to be certain that his promotion doesn ' t fall through the cracks . tana was somehow unaware of these letters , although they were prepared by hr . as you review the entire list of proposed promotions , please be check to make sure that bob superty ' s name was submitted by scott neal for a promotion . thanks . - - sally 
2	Subject: tanya ' s trip to stanford shirley , i will be out of the office 10 / 16 / 00 - 10 / 23 / 00 . i will attend credit modeling classes at stanford on 10 / 16 trough 10 / 20 . 10 / 23 / 00 i ' take as a vacation day . tanya . 
2	Subject: an apology kevin - i need to apologize to you for speaking out - of - turn yesterday about work - in - progress . any model our group has of the natural gas system remains completely untested and unvalidated . i have not been asked by any one of my superiors , vasant or wince , to give advice to anyone at enron concerning natural gas ; i am not an expert in trading natural gas . my work exists within a large and professional group , and , to the point , vince alone will decide when , and if , any gas model is suitable for dissemination within enron . sincerely , clayton vernon manager , research 
2	Subject: approval of tasking letter louise , i left you a tasking letter for approval last week for your signature . have you had a chance to sign it or do you have any questions ? we are now out of approved funding for eos activities without approval of this tasking letter . in the past , brian redmond was the approver for ena , but he referred these to you going forward . if this is not correct , please let me know . thanks ! mike 
2	Subject: el paso cuts on oasis fyi - - - some of the gas purchased from dynegy on gas day 6 / 6 was cut : 9 b 5 p 662 cut to 599 10 , 000 cut to 9 , 061 ( per joanie adams at oasis ) i will enter in mops as estimates . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: caiso notification - tswg conference call please call in @ 1330 pacific . call in number ( 877 ) 670 - 4111 passcode 246870 . 
2	Subject: workshop dear vince , i would be delighted if you agreed to share with me a one - day workshop before a major icbi conference in berlin , on june 19 . the topics would be similar ; we may add real options . could you answer me before tuesday ? kind regards helyette 
2	Subject: don ' t blow too early ' . hi new medicaton lets you pump her 5 - 1 o times longer llmlted trlal : $ 6 o / btl ( 0 rder dispatched same day ) http : / / www . pulsated . com  
2	Subject: enside ' for the record ' questions for the enside newsletter . i will send you several issues so that you can see final form . i usually break it into four segments to keep it simple . if someone wants to elaborate on a point or digress , that is ok . i . background / education ii . industry experience iii . goals / priorities for the future iv . personal business philosophy let me know what else you need ! kathie 
2	Subject: report about your cable service hi visioson @ hpp . za . net , do you use digital cable ? with our product , you can get : ondemand , ppv sports , movies , adult channels , hbo , cinemax , starz , ect . and the best part is you can get all these extras without having to pay ! our website : onceaweek . info if you don ' t want this anymore , just visit our page shown above to get removed ! see you later , sousa z . fredric , ii projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org 
2	Subject: re : tue , 13 jan 2004 14 : 08 : 57 2004 14 : 08 : 57 + 0000 same day shipping ( see site for details ) windows xp suites adobe  / corelventuragames 3 dstudio max operating  valid until january , 20 th 2004 - limited stock . microsoft windows xp professional oemonly $ 50 . 00 savings - $ 220 . 00 microsoft windows xp professional goes beyond the benefits of windows xp home edition with advanced specifically to . . offer id : # ij 490961438987 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 oemonly $ 60 . 00 savings - $ 550 . 00 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 software the professional image - editingstandard helps you work more efficiently . . offer id : # cb 696185698763 microsoft office xp professional oem only $ 60 . 00 savings - $ 519 . 00 microsoft windows xp professional is a windows operatingsystem designed for businesses of all sizes and for individualswho demand the most from their computingoffer id : # gpo 32327038187 adobe illustrator 10 oem only $ 60 . 00 savings - $ 240 . 00 enhanced ! adobe illustrator 10 software defines the futureof vector graphics with groundbreaking creative options and powerful tools for efficiently publishing artwork onthe web , in print , everywhere . . . offer id : # cx 456163072525 discontinue 
2	Subject: cdnow shipment confirmation dear daren , thank you for shopping at cdnow . please keep this email invoice for your records . on february 21 we shipped your order number 16840862 for the following item : cash / nelson : vhl storytellers format : cd quantity : 1 price : 11 . 49 to the following address via u . s . postal service : daren farmer 5519 clarkston ln spring , tx 77379 total number of items : 1 subtotal : $ 11 . 49 shipping : $ 2 . 99 sales tax : $ 0 . 00 - - - - - - - - - - shipment total : $ 14 . 48 your order was billed to daren farmer . this shipment completes your order and is paid in full . most orders arrive within 4 - 8 business days . however , in rare instances it may take up to 2 weeks . turn up the volume on your career ! bose audio products are legendary . so are bose careers ! for excitement , innovation and uncompromising performance , nothing takes you to a higher level than a job at bose . make a sound career move by visiting http : / / www . bose . com / hl 01 for complete information about your order ( number 16840862 ) or to confirm the status , click or copy / paste this link into your web browser : http : / / cdnow . com / myorder / otid  16840862 you can also access your order history directly from our home page . please do not reply to this email . if you have questions about your order that are not addressed in your online order history , please visit our contact cdnow page using this link : http : / / cdnow . com / service fast forward rewards ( tm ) program points for this order will be credited in your membership summary as " points earned . " thanks again for your order . sincerely , customer service cdnow , inc . your music . your store . http : / / cdnow . com aol keyword : cdnow 1757978 
2	Subject: keep your home safe u . s . homeowners call today to qualify for a free home security system 1 - 800 - 775 - 0738 america ' s most trusted security system . . . the most comprehensive security package ever offered free ! over 135 , 000 families made the right choice ! in these troubled times , your family ' s safety is more important than ever ! defend your family against the threat of home invasion and forced entry . make sure you ' re prepared to get help in the event of an emergency . take advantage of the following special offer . for a limited time you can receive our home security system , the most comprehensive home security package ever offered for free ! you must call the toll free number below to qualify for this special offer . you don ' t have to be a victim ! intelligent homeowners are awakening to one undeniable fact . studies show burglars will commit crimes somewhere else when confronted with a monitored security system . our home security system provides ultimate protection for your family and home , 24 - hours each and every day . the bad guys will have to go elsewhere to find their victim . state - of - the - art wireless technology ! our security system is advanced wireless technology which enables a clean installation in approximately one hour . no holes to drill , no unsightly wires to run . replacement parts ( probably never needed ) are also free , with your lifetime guaranteed parts replacement warranty for as long as your home is monitored by our authorized ul listed monitoring facility . that tells you the confidence we place in our product ' s quality . we are absolutely confident our security system provides the necessary deterrence and detection your home needs . to prove it , the company will pay your insurance deductible ( up to $ 250 . 00 ) in the unlikely event you suffer a loss from an unwanted intrusion . you also may be eligible for up to 20 % in insurance premium discounts . to see if you qualify for this exciting offer , simply phone the toll free number below , answer a few simple questions , andpossibly have your new home security system installed , in your home , within 48 hours . call now ! ! 1 - 800 - 775 - 0738 operators are on duty 10 : 00 am to 10 : 00 pm edt monday - friday , 10 : 00 am to 2 : 00 pm edt on saturday your system will include the following : * no connection fee * 10 doors / windows protected * lifetime warranty * wireless - no drilling , no mess * you own the system ! * pages you when the kids get home * rechargeable battery backup * yard signs and window decals remember , the system is free and could save you as much as 20 % on your homeowners insurance . this is a limited time offer , so call now to qualify for your free home security system . call today ! 10 : 00 am to 10 : 00 pm edt monday - friday , 10 : 00 am to 2 : 00 pm edt on saturday 1 - 800 - 775 - 0738 to be removed from future mailings , click ' reply ' , type ' remove ' as your subject , and send .  
2	Subject: cardiology , radiology , 7 , 000 senior hospitals , , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators and doctors . 7 , 000 hospitals , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators . pre _ publication offer of $ 247 . 00 ( reg . $ 1 , 299 ) . the new american hospital marketing guide is an extremely cost - effective way of increasing your marketing efforts . david stanford , chicago , il . in response to numerous inquiries from healthcare marketers , healthline publications corp . is introducing the new american hospital marketing guide . the new guide is an attempt to assist healthcare professionals to target hospital decision - makers throughout the country . the guide includes administrators in hospitals in the united states such as ceos , cfos , directors ( surgery , nursing , purchasing , etc . ) in addition to mailing addresses , fax and phone numbers , the publication includes important hospital stats such as number of beds , hospital type , hospital number and staff size . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the new american hospital marketing guide includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals and 172 , 000 administrators . it is the most extensive and database of key decision - makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . if you are interested in identifying and contacting hospital decision - makers most likely to benefit from your product or service , the new american hospital guide will save you time and money . to order the new american hospital guide , simply fill out the information below and fax it to 416 760 - 3763 ( tel : 416 760 - 3762 ) . bonus offer : new customer offer . order now and receive free of charge our marketing publication : build a successful healthcare marketing campaign . this popular publication offers a number of strategies relating to effective marketing of healthcare products . name : title : company : address : city : zip : tel : fax : email :  
2	Subject: . . . if you ' re looking for the lowest software prices on the web , you just found them ! get software cds and download under $ 15 - $ 99 a straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows . poverty is the parent of revolution and crime . 
2	Subject: final winning notification . final winning notification . from : international lottery award board el gordo de la primitiva lotto email : primitivalottery @ consultant . com ref n - fj - 546465 - 00153 , batch n - 005684 - 9087 . attn : dear winners . this is to inform you on the released of the 3 rd category of el - gordo de la primitiva program held on wednesdayl 8 th of may 2005 . due to mix up of some numbers , names and weekend holidays the results was released on monday 23 rd may 2005 . your name and email address attached to ticked number 031 - 1127 - 841 with serial number 3214 - 07 drew the lucky numbers of 21 - 22 - 37 - 39 - 41 - 49 which consequently won the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of two hundred and fifty thousand eur (  250 , 000 , 00 ) in cash credited to file with ref . no - fj - 546465 - 00153 . this is from a total cash prize of ten million , two hundred thousand euros (  10 , 200 , 000 , 00 ) email lottery shared among the fifteen ( 15 ) international winners in this 3 nd category . congratulations ! ! ! ! ! your fund is now deposited with a financial company and insured with the winning number . due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award from public notice until your claim has been processed and money remitted to your account as this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and also for the security of our winners . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from fifty thousand ( 50 , 000 ) names from asia . australia , new zealand , europe , america and north america as part of our international promotions program which we conduct once every year . we hope your lucky name will draw a bigger cash prize in the next years program . to begin your lottery claim , please contact your claims international agent with your telephone numbers and fax via - euro trust and accredited agent bv . mr . jan duke morgan , foreign operation manager . email : @ excite . com tel no : 0031 - 626 - 556 - 384 fax no : 0031 - 847 - 541 - 168 for the processing and remittance of your winning prize money to a designation of your choice . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than friday 10 th of june 2005 . after this date all funds will be returned to the ministerio de economia yhacienda as unclaimed funds . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complication , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us or your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from all our members of staff and thank you for being a part of our international lottery promotions . yours sincerely , mrs . richeline vanderk lottery coordinator . 
2	Subject: fw : [ 4 ] this is our concluding try we have attempted to make contact with you on multiple instances and we await your response now ! your current financial loan situation makes you eligible for you for up to a 3 . 80 % lower rate . however , due to our previous attempts to make contact with you have failed , this will be our last try to ensure for you the lower rate . please end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now . finish here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: new schedule for bid cycle meeting for 2002 bid cycle schedule for 2002 * * all meetings will be held from 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 pm january 24 th oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 february 21 st oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 march 21 st oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 april 25 th oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 may 23 rd oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 june 20 th oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 july 25 th oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 august 22 nd oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 september 26 th oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 october 24 th oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 november 19 th oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 december 19 th oma 696 / eb 42 c 2 rosemary gracey marketing - 402 / 398 - 7431 rosemary . gracey @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fw : ceraweek 2002 - special notice timing is really tight , and am not entirely convinced of the value , but i ' m wondering if we should perhaps have some sort of presence at this conference . . . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : j . p . rosenfield [ mailto : jprosenfield @ cera . com ] sent : thursday , january 24 , 2002 10 : 25 pm subject : ceraweek 2002 - special notice dear cera members and friends : we wanted to extend an invitation for you to join us for ceraweek 2002 , cera ' s 21 st annual executive conference on " the new face of risk : energy strategies for a changed world " to be held february 11 - 15 , 2002 in houston , texas . our theme is particularly timely and important in light of the new challenges to energy markets and the very significant questions over future growth opportunities . ceraweek is the premiere annual gathering of energy industry leaders offering insight into the energy future . as you can see from the full agenda on our website at http : / / www . cera . com / ceraweek , we have an extraordinary group of speakers and an exciting and topical program . ceraweek will address the strategic and investment implications of today ' s global geopolitical and economic realignment , new pressures on competitive markets , and volatile energy prices . we wanted to be sure you were aware of some new options for ceraweek participation : * flexible enrollment packages - you may choose to participate in a 2 - day oil & gas program , 2 - day gas & power program , or our 4 - day full conference suite * ceraweek online premium access - extend the reach of ceraweek within your organization with live webcasts , post - session wrap up interviews , and daily highlights summary videos * partnership opportunities - ceraweek offers visibility and brand building through a variety of sponsorship opportunities at the event to enroll to ceraweek 2002 please click http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek 2002 / register or contact cera registration at register @ cera . com or by phone at + 1 617 497 6446 ext . 800 . we hope you will join us in houston . sincerely , james rosenfield cera managing director our relationship with you is very important to us . should you prefer not to receive future e - mail notifications , please send a reply to this message with " donotemail " as the subject of your message . ( mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject  donotemail ) please indicate whether you wish to be removed from the conference list or alternatively from the list for any future cera notifications .  
2	Subject: 98 - 6240 daren , the above meter began flow on 1 / 25 / 00 w / a volume of 295 decatherms versus the start date of the 26 th as indicated on sitara deal ticket 148923 . can you please notify me as to whether the deal ticket will reflect this change ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: entex increase rom : huntsville / woodlands / conroe 11500 by 8 days  92 , 000 big ticket 50000 by 8 days  400 , 000 ami 
2	Subject: september ncl meeting reminder : the regular september national charity league patroness meeting will be held monday , september 18 , 2000 , 7 : 30 p . m . , at cypress creek christian church community center . do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere ! http : / / mail . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: hola hola soloescribo de estados unidos para que porfabor saluden ami madres florida toledo nunes de nizanda oaxaca de parte de sus ijos de estados unidos luis y rudy grasia , y que escucho su estacion por internet  
2	Subject: re : book admin for pipe / gas daily option book as you might be aware , susan scott ( the book admin for the pipe option book ) was forced by system problems to stay all night wednesday night and until 200 am friday in order to calc my book . while she is scheduled to rotate to the west desk soon , i think we need to discuss putting two persons on my book in order to bring the work load to a sustainable level . i ' d like to meet at 2 : 30 pm on monday to discuss this issue . please let me know if this time fits in your schedules . thanks , larry 
2	Subject: re : path names , file extentions everything sounds good , but can we use . html instead ? . htm doesn ' t work on linux web servers , and it ' s best to be universal , in case they want to deploy in diff . contexts . - daniel - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cindy white [ mailto : cwhite @ viviance . com ] sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 2 : 52 pm to : sally ; sonia ; sonia ; emrul ; mike ; darcilla @ viviance . com ; mollie ; jhokkanen @ viviance . com subject : path names , file extentions so that we can avoid last minute " oh my gosh we ' ve used different file structures / naming convention - - quick we need to change all of these paths in the next ten minutes " , can we do the following ? all html files will be considered as in the root directory and will use the extension of " . htm " subdirectories / folders : images - - images for sales guide and intro and any image that is used throughout the deliverable , such as logos , navigation buttons , etc . so an example would be : images / dell _ logo . gif scripts - - one script folder for all of the coursebuilder scripts used in the deliverable timer - - for the timer interaction that daniel is building images / mollie - - for images specific to mollie pages ( this way if we have more than one drag / drop we won ' t have to rename any coursebuilder created images / targets , etc . images / warren images / sally images / david will this work for everyone ? if not , please let me know and i will send out modifications . cindy 
2	Subject: re : [ 9 ] this has been our final attempt we have aimed to contact you on quite a few instances and the time to return your reponse is now ! your exisiting loan situation enables you for up to a 3 . 80 % lower rate . however , thanks to our previous attempts to contact you did not succeed , this will be our last effort to enable you to receive the lower rate . please bring to an end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your claim now . apply here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: handsome clal 1 is , \ / 11 agrra , xanaax , adlpex , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , tussioneex from $ 65 night mention sent purpose wished everything carefully secret use heaven sudden climb , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today followedworldwide shippiing followed prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 throw length ate places happened bread regular health line ' fool language interest quickly ladies immediate finished wreck cover playing .  
2	Subject: specal offer for microsoft money 2004 software clearance microsoft , adobe , macromedia and many more ! check out these amazing offers : m ! crosoft offlce x , p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . 6 o windows x ' p professional 2 oo 2 . . . . . . 5 o adobe photosh 0 p 7 . o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 please 0 . r . d . e . r here : http : / / resume . cheapsoftshop . com / kind regards , amie becker gunstocker transgene biotek ltd , hyderabad - 500038 , india phone : 751 - 661 - 2751 mobile : 644 - 171 - 7714 email : tduak @ worldmexico . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this product is a 82 day complementary package notes : the contents of this connection is for comprehension and should not be jealous spaniard absentminded energetic shed time : wed , 29 dec 2004 14 : 13 : 02 - 0500 
2	Subject: claim your free $ 1000 home depot gift card . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards ystyxapg 
2	Subject: re : mba question for louise louise - - here ' s a draft of the answer for this guy ( david zaccour ) . i didn ' t get to spend a lot of time on it . this should give him some good stuff to combine with his own research . if you think we need to give him more , please let me know . kal - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 12 : 55 pm to : shah , kal subject : fw : mba question for louise can you have a go at answering this for me and send something to me for me to edit and send to him . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : taylor , liz m . sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 12 : 53 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : mba question for louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : zaccour , david sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 11 : 20 am to : taylor , liz m . subject : mba question for louise liz , i work for anthony dayao as part of the ees it group but formerly was in enron net works under steve stock and met louise briefly in 1999 . i ' m in the middle of the rice university executive mba program and for one of our final exam questions , we are permitted to consult internal resources . the question is regarding how we ( enron ) have used the internet to differentiate ourselves from other organizations ( competitors ) in the industry . during our rice mba classes , eol was brought up several times so it ' s considered very highly by the school . i would be remiss if i didn ' t mention its strengths during our exam . my professor has provided me assurance in writing ( email ) that any answer will not be published . i appreciate louise ' and your time in helping me on this school exam paper . regards , david zaccour 713 - 853 - 6659 832 - 978 - 3471 ( cell ) exam question : 2 . working with whomever you deem is appropriate in your organization , identify the three organizations in your industry , which in your opinion , use the internet and world wide web the best . if your organization is not one of the top three , what does it need to do on the internet and world wide web to move to the " best " category ? if your organization is among the top three organizations in your industry , what uses of the internet and world wide web have differentiated your organization from other organizations in your industry ? 
2	Subject: agenda for transmission roundtable on wednesday , january 24 , 2001 sorry everyone , i guess i am having my monday morning today . here are the attachments . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 01 / 23 / 2001 09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita dupont 01 / 23 / 2001 09 : 56 am to : robin . kittel @ enron . com , bill . rust @ enron . com , steve . walton @ enron . com , ron . tapscott @ enron . com , jeffrey . wilson . enron . communications @ enron . com , sevil . yaman @ enron . com , vasant . shanbhogue @ enron . com , tom . dutta @ enron . com , walter . coffer @ enron . com , vkamins @ enron . com , lloyd . will @ enron . com , martin . lin @ enron . com , christi . l . nicolay @ enron . com , george . hopley @ enron . com , fred . mitro @ enron . com , debbie . chance @ enron . com , patrick . hansen @ enron . com , steve . olinde @ enron . com , madhup . kumar @ enron . com , robert . kraszewski @ corp . enron . com cc : lance . cunningham @ enron . com , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : agenda for transmission roundtable on wednesday , january 24 , 2001 please review the attached agenda for tomorrow ' s transmission roundtable and let me know if you have any additions or changes . also , please bring to the meeting a hard copy of the attached december 8 meeting notes . thanks . regards , anita 
2	Subject: re : lyondell citgo my latest understanding is the buyback will be in place through 12 / 31 / 99 . a new deal for 15 , 000 / day begins 1 / 1 / 00 and currently has no buyback provision . ken howard b camp 12 / 16 / 99 12 : 27 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , tina valadez / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : lyondell citgo gary , i have been notified that there is a possibility that the buyback was not effective for lyondell citgo . could you please inform me via cc mail what the status of the buyback is once you have reviewed it . hc 
2	Subject: alprazzolam , tramadool , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , levltrra , xana , merldlla , loraazepam , ambllen dare easy clear remember across turn stay using pie " usedto nervous again had words hurried truth . truly awhile reference inside nervous is surprise ? truth talked gotten wine ground got music . hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from footsuddenly clicck here to order tying if looking day studied however goodbye . friends seven aunt again move justice scene music , will deal course night " benefit love anything possible ! meant whom sandwich pray people ,  
2	Subject: sportsman dual mode digital dream multi - function - digital charset  us - ascii " > sportsman dual mode digital dream multi - function digital web camera spol web camera $ 29 . 00 vga high resolution 640 x 480 multi - function : stop watchcalorie meter , , world time clock visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! sportsman dual mode digital dream multi - function web camera offer your customers this truly unique usb digital web camera ! not only is the sportsman dual mode a digital web camera with 640 x 480 vga high resolution , the sportsman digital dream can also take your pulse , acting as a sort of personal trainer ! take it to the gym or when you ' re out for a jog or walk ! the sportsman spol dual mode web cam also acts as a stop watch , calorie meter , thermometer , pedometer and world time clock ! * minimum quantities apply your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above . - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: full url here it is . kal  
2	Subject: budget louise , i understand that you will shortly receive a first draft budget submission for ena . i ' m not sure what format you ' ll receive it in , but if its the standard format , it ' ll be difficult to pick out the project level estimates . i have access to the team / project level estimates , and would be happy to pull together a quick view that suits you . i was going to try to guess how you would like to see it , but i thought i ' d better ask you first , . . . . it ' ll probably save me a lot of work ! : ) the thought was to give you a quick handle on whats " essential - keep the business running " stuff , and what would be great but we can struggle on without . please remember this is supposed to be a quick heads - up , and not intended to replace any full explanation that will innevitably follow later . some alternatives ( obviously , feel free to suggest your own ) 1 . capital team project 1 name description ena $ project 2 name description ena $ expense project 1 name description ena $ project 2 name description ena $ 2 . capital team % essential % nice to have project 1 name description ena $ 40 % 60 % project 2 name description ena $ 80 % 20 % expense project 1 name description ena $ project 2 name description ena $ please let me know what you would prefer , and i ' ll try to get you the view by the end of the day . regards steve 
2	Subject: re : budget allocations for cooa louise , imbedded in these allocations are several functions for which eim receives 100 % dedicated resources ( legal , hr , pr , etc . ) . every 100 % dedicated resource should be presented in its own rc - - in that way it becomes " controllable " and measurable . today it is buried in an indirect allocation . this approach will isolate the truly indirect allocations and allow us to better manage the amount and appropriateness of these expenses . we plan to push this topic with respect to all allocations which hit eim from enron americas , enron networks , or enron corp . kent castleman ( eim cao ) is going to discuss this approach with wes . regards , ray - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 10 : 59 am to : shankman , jeffrey a . ; fallon , jim ; bowen jr . , raymond ; brown , michael - coo london ; beck , sally ; leff , dan ; garland , kevin ; dodson , keith ; schiesser , heath cc : colwell , wes subject : budget allocations for cooa as you know the budget planning cycle is upon us . several of the support functions role up under enron americas and then are billed out to the other business units . i would encourage all of you to look at the initial allocations below you receive from each of these support functions in order to verify that you are satisfied with the planned charges to your accounts . wes ' s group can provide you with this information . i will be meeting with the support groups over the next week and should you wish me to raise any issues on your behalf please let me know or please contact the group leaders directly . as you can see from the enron americas allocation , i am hoping to make substantial changes to our numbers which reflect a substantially large increase from last year . regards louise > 
2	Subject: wow , superfast delivery sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big removemeplease  
2	Subject: i promised to help 5000 people please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: re : weather course joe , this is the most recent offer from lacima ( weather derivatives course ) . what do you think ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 19 / 2001 07 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " julie " on 02 / 19 / 2001 03 : 19 : 45 pm please respond to " julie " to : " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : re : weather course vince , enron is fine ( although i think we have to pay for the hyatt anyway ) . ? good discount ( i have a feeling that my idea of a good discount and the weather desk ' s idea is probably different ? ) : ? for the one day , $ 1100 per person . ? if you think that there will be ? around 10 people or more , then we can offer a day rate , regardless of the number of people . ? ? thanks vince ? julie ? ps - of course when i announced that we were cancelling , people started responding that they wished to attend . ? ugh ! ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : friday , february 16 , 2001 4 : 05 pm subject : re : weather course julie , enron location makes more sense . no reason to pay for the hotel . also , i think that one day makes more sense . i contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training course . i think that they would be interested if they got a good discount . vince " julie " on 02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 39 : 37 am please respond to " julie " to : ? ? cc : subject : ? re : weather course vince , great . just to let you know , we decided not to wait on the indecisive ones , and postponed the open course . it ' s yours , whatever you want : ? 1 day ( specific to what you feel will be of the most benefit ) , 2 days , hyatt or ? enron , or not at all . i hope this doesn ' t cause problems for you . special deal , for sure . i owe my godfather . julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie cc : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com sent : thursday , february 15 , 2001 3 : 16 ? pm subject : re : weather course julie , that ' s definitely an option . we can ? provide the room . maybe we can cut with you a special deal for enron and ? increase the # of people attending . i am forwarding your message to our ? weather desk . vince joe , what do you think about ? it ? vince " julie " on ? 02 / 15 / 2001 08 : 20 : 24 am please respond to " julie " to : ? " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : ? weather course vince , we just wanted to let you know ? that we only have 3 people signed up for the weather derivatives course ? ( all from enron ) so far . we have a couple more that have expressed strong ? interest , but we are awaiting their final decision . if no one else signs ? up , chris and les thought that you guys could probably get through the ? first day pretty easily , and thus thought it may be an option to teach just ? the 2 nd day material ( pricing ) only at enron ( doing it at the hyatt is an ? option as well but the room might be on the large side ) ? we would ? obviously reimburse you for the day not taught . we can teach both days as ? well , but thought you may want to save some time . i just wanted to give ? you some time to think about it . we will know where we stand on final ? numbers by next ? wednesday . julie 
2	Subject: cera march forecast brief - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com @ enron sent : friday , february 16 , 2001 9 : 08 pm to : insights @ cera . com subject : monthly gas briefing : a shift in the wind - cera monthly briefing title : monthly gas briefing : a shift in the wind url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 prices could still rebound quickly with cold weather . * storage inventories , though still well into record low territory , are higher than was expected and feared earlier this winter , and the prospect of inventory levels that would test overall system reliability and cause widespread curtailments of firm services appears less and less likely . * for march , occasional weather - driven price spikes may still occur , but in the context of prices settling toward a level just adequate to keep a necessary amount of demand out of the gas market . this pattern should result in an average price of $ 6 . 50 per mmbtu at the henry hub . * * end * * follow above url for full report . e - mail category : monthly briefing cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american gas , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: jackrabbit vibrator as seen on hbo ' s " sex and the city " http : / / upstatebeef . info / pl / this classic vibrator is a womans best friend . . . the jack rabbit vibrator is a dual control multi - speed vibrating and rotating 7 1 / 2 " x 1 1 / 2 " vibrator . made of a bright pink , pliant jelly , the tip is realistically sculpted . the rotating pearls in the center of the shaft provide both internal and external stimulation to all her sensitive spots while the pearled shaft rotates and vibrates , massaging her inside , the jack rabbit ' s ears are busy tickling her clitoris outside . the shaft and stimulator are controlled separately , so she can customize her experience every time . jack rabbit vibrator features : dual control multi - speed vibrator rotating pearls rabbit ears for external clitoral stimulation the jack rabbit is 7 1 / 2 inches long x 1 1 / 2 inches in diameter to order 1 http : / / upstatebeef . info / pl / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - take me off from your list http : / / upstatebeef . info / sus / 
2	Subject: volume changes o ' neal , the following volume changes were made today : deal # meter # zone from to effective 439825 9797 6 626 1000 3 / 24 - 3 / 31 439837 3543 3 808 1000 3 / 24 - 3 / 31 377169 9842 7 8034 0 3 / 23 - 3 / 26 bob 
2	Subject: re : vitro louise , the following are the differences in npv at 13 % for the vitro project under the three different scenarios you laid out . 1 . if we keep the plant , project npv @ 13 % : us $ 24 . 0 mm equity investments to project : us $ 52 . 8 mm 2 . if we sell to enel ' s based on their offer as it was delivered to us on march 2 of this year project npv @ 13 % : us $ 16 . 2 mm equity investments to project : us $ 10 . 5 mm ( under this scenario we would fund 100 % of the equity required for the project through cod but after giving effect to the cash received up front by enel , we would only be funding 20 % of the equity required from enron which is equal to the us $ 10 . 5 mm ) 3 . if sell to enel under the restructured proposal to achieve our deconsolidation and earnings objectives , project npv @ 13 % : us $ 16 . 8 mm equity investments to project : us $ 10 . 5 mm ( under this scenario we would fund 50 % of the equity required for the project through cod but after giving effect to the cash received up front by enel , we would only be funding 20 % of the equity required from enron which is equal to the us $ 10 . 5 mm ) let me know if you have any questions or if you would like to see more details on the three different scenarios . thanks , steve 
2	Subject: next wave of energy trading energy industry professional : global change associates and the mya group announce the " green trading summit . " this is first conference attacking the triple convergence of the new markets of emissions , renewables and negawatt trading in a risk management context . the conference will be held in new york city on may 14 & 15 at the mcgraw - hill building in midtown manhattan . topics include so 2 , nox , and co 2 trading as well as renewable energy credit and negawatt ( energy efficiency ) trading . learn about how t o create environmental indexes for trading , establishing the forward curve for environmental products applying environmental trading for project finance in this emerging commodity market . speakers from rocky mountain institute , green - e , fannie mae , sterling planet , evolutions markets , ecosecurities , the automated power exchange , duane morris llp , dow jones , the demand exchange , and the chicago climate exchange are participating at this ground breaking event . for further information , click www . global - change . com / conference . html . if you would like to deleted from this list , please click , info @ global - change . com and type remove . we are sorry for any inconvenience . 
2	Subject: officiai information from hsbc bank pic dear valued hsbc bank plc customer ! as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website , we are undertaking a period review of our member accounts . you are requested to visit our site by following the link given below . this is required for us to continue to offer you a safe and risk free environment to send and receive money online , and maintain the hsbc bank plc experience . in success you will be redirected to the hsbc bank home page . thank you .  
2	Subject: lunch conversation vince , we wanted to thank you for your time and support today . we have been thinking about our conversation and it may be better to wait until december before you approached delainey . this time period would give us the opportunity to change his impression of our contributions to gas and power . please let us know if you would advise differently . thank you , kristin and john 
2	Subject: otc gdvi - the momentum continues - gdvi website debute otc bbalert gdvi news update : global diversified industries debutes brand new website ! www . gdvi . net otc bb alert spectacular operating results momentum continues sales projections for next 12 months surpasses $ 20 million 99 . 8 % revenue increase 278 % net income increase 154 % stockholders equity increase 79 % increase in assets $ 8 million order backlog $ 50 million manufacturing capacity overview global diversified industries operates in the modular building construction industry , and strategically targets the california education sector . gdvi is strategically located in central california on 16 acres with a 100 , 000 square foot state - of - the - art manufacturing facility . throughout 2003 and 2004 the company focused on building its infrastructure through acquisitions , development of a state - of - the - art manufacturing facility , and by securing the requisite financing facilities to fuel business growth . through the combination of its new facility ( $ 50 million capacity ) , the increased demand for portable buildings and the state of california ' s bond approvals , gdvi has become well positioned to become one of the dominant leaders in modular manufacturing on the west coast . gdvi should benefit greatly from the $ 12 . 1 billion school improvement bond that is expected to be passed by california voters next month ( march ) . this presents , in our opinion an opportunity for early investors of gdvi to also benefit before the mainstream investor realizes who the benefactors are and subsequently invests in those companies . global diversified has taken numerous strategic development steps throughout 2003 and 2004 , including generating strong revenues as well as profits and is now poised for explosive growth in 2005 . the company is led by a strong management team with previous success in building companies into $ 50 million per annum businesses . in the past year gdvi has exceeded its own sales revenue projections , renewed its piggyback contract , received state approvals on engineered product designs , started a new credit facility and opened its new 100 , 000 square foot manufacturing facility . the company will continue to seek new acquisition candidates through its aggressive growth plan . profile gdvi is a holding company that currently operates two wholly owned subsidiaries , mbs construction inc . , a modular contractor specializing in modular construction site work and renovation and global modular , inc . , a sales , marketing and manufacturing of modular type structures . its principal customer base is currently educational ( public and private schools , universities , etc . ) , child - care and municipality sectors . its product lines consist of a variety of portable classroom designs , including both single - story and two - story floor plans . global modular ' s portable classroom structures are engineered and constructed in accordance with pre - approved building plans , commonly referred to as p . c . ' s or pre - checked plans , that conform to structural and seismic safety specifications administered by the california department of state architects ( dsa ) . global modular also enjoys the benefit of providing educational customers with products contracted under a piggyback clause . the state of california allows school districts to canvass proposals from modular classroom vendors under a bidding process where the successful bidder can provide other public school districts and municipalities portable classrooms under a piggyback contract issued by the originating school district . this process saves school districts valuable time and resources from the necessity of soliciting bids . a modular vendor who possesses a piggyback contract containing competitive pricing and a variety of design options may have access to future business for up to five years , depending on the term of the piggyback contract . the strategic focus on california schools since 1998 , california legislation has required that at least 20 % of all new classrooms constructed with state funds be portable structures . there are five compelling reasons for this trend : modular classrooms are faster to construct ( as quickly as 2 weeks ) they cost significantly less ( as low as $ 30 , 000 vs . $ 100 , 000 ) they offer greater flexibility for use compared to conventional buildings they are easier to finance they provide financing incentives to cope with population growth , the state department of education estimates that california will need more than 2 , 500 classrooms each year for the next four years , which equates to more than 10 , 000 classrooms . due to the current and projected budget cuts throughout the california education sector , public and private schools are expected to turn to portable / modular construction to fulfill their additional classroom requirements over the next four years . the california schools budget crisis on november 5 , 2002 a $ 13 . 2 billion school facilities improvements bond proposal ( proposition 47 ) was passed by california voters . this bond measure passage does not include an approximate $ 9 . 4 billion worth of local bond measures passed by various school districts throughout the state . a second bond measure worth $ 12 . 1 billion went before the voters on the march 2004 . these bond measures are about three times higher than the record $ 9 . 2 billion bond california voters approved in 1998 . the revenue generated from these bond measures will be used for school modernization programs , which include requirements for relocatable classrooms and modular classroom construction and renovations . money from the bonds will help overcrowded public and private schools ; design upgrades and expand building space at community colleges and other institutions of higher learning throughout california . gdvi business infrastructure among global modular ' s asset base is its integrated , state - of - the - art , automated manufacturing process which includes equipment , raw material and marketing collateral that are specifically designed for the high capacity fabrication of modular structures . gdvi employs a workforce of 60 employees and is looking to add to its workforce as demand increases . operates out of a sixteen acre site with a 100 , 000 square foot operating structure . wholly owned subsidiary ( global modular inc . ) markets , designs and manufactures the buildings wholly owned subsidiary ( mbs corporation ) handles installation and building renovation . symbol otc . bb gdvi recent price 13 . 5 cents management team philip hamilton , ceo and president mr . hamilton has an extensive and very successful background in modular manufacturing . from 1996 to feb 2000 he served as chairman and ceo of pacesetter industries inc . he built this company from inception into one of californias largest manufacturers , producing and installing thousands of schools and commercial buildings . under his leadership , pacesetter industries moved into a 5 , 500 , 000 sq . ft . facility in atwater , california with branch sales offices throughout the state . the company employed a staff of over 650 employees and had annual sales of $ 50 , 000 , 000 . adam de bard , vice president mr . de bard has over 6 years of experience in the manufacturing and business sectors . from 1997 to 2000 he served as vice president and chief information officer of pacesetter industries . ronald kilpatrick , director of finance mr . kilpatrick has 36 years experience in both domestic and international development and management of major corporations . he is a managing partner of pacific rim capital llc which provides venture capital to projects in the pacific rim . recent headlines global diversified industries , inc . commencing efforts to increase its u . s . based investor and public relations visibility pr newswire ( tue 5 : 00 am ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division secures new order worth more than $ 3 million for immediate delivery pr newswire ( thu , jun 9 ) wallst . net airing all - new , exclusive audio interviews with gdvi and geoi pr newswire ( tue , jun 7 ) wallst . net airing exclusive audio interviews with gdvi and xle pr newswire ( thu , jun 2 ) global diversified industries , inc . acquires valuable assets from california modular company pr newswire ( thu , may 26 ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division implementing its fourth production line pr newswire ( thu , may 19 ) talkingstocks . com announces interview with philip hamilton , president and ceo of global diversified industries , inc . primezone media network ( tue , may 17 ) stockguru . com initiates profile coverage of global diversified industries , inc . primezone media network ( mon , may 16 ) global diversified industries ' modular division billings total $ 1 . 4 million in april ; experiencing largest production schedule since company ' s founding pr newswire ( tue , may 3 ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division receives repeat order based on superior prior performance pr newswire ( wed , apr 20 ) more headlines for gdvi . ob . . . gdvi manufacturing infrastructure gdvi has created a turnkey manufacturing process with experienced professionals handling every aspect of each manufacturing project . global ' s integrated service approach provides the company with a distinct advantage over its competitors in term of efficiency and cost effectiveness . via 3 wholly owned subsidiaries , gdvi delivers the following in - house services : design , engineering and planning site preparation manufacturing and construction delivery , installation , and relocation ancillary interior and exterior services customer service and support contacts gdvi - global diversified industries inc . 1200 airport drive chowchilla , ca 93610 tel : ( 559 ) 665 5800 investor relations contact mr . paul knopick tel : ( 949 ) 707 - 5365 pknopick @ . com stock quotes http : / / finance . yahoo . com / q ? s  gdvi . ob this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . expedite is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . expedite assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in gdvi ' s financial or operating condition . as expedite has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . expedite accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . gdvi will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . expedite has been hired by a third party consultant , and is contracted to receive $ 5 , 000 . expedite and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein . global diversified industries , inc . 1200 airport dr . chowchilla , ca 93610 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: inexpensive online medication here pummel wah springtail cutler bodyguard we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here systematic defector alum arachnid inure cross he pickering  
2	Subject: fw : weakening demand to put the squeeze on spot refining margins - cera decision brief fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com [ mailto : webmaster @ cera . com ] sent : friday , october 05 , 2001 11 : 09 am to : clients @ cera . com subject : weakening demand to put the squeeze on spot refining margins - cera decision brief title : refined products markets - - the fallout from september 11 url ( s ) : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 weakening demand to put the squeeze on spot refining margins oil demand growth is slowing dramatically in the aftermath of the september 11 terrorist attacks . the combination of sluggish gdp growth and a sharp decrease in commercial air travel will in cera ' s view result in declines in quarterly oil demand in fourth quarter 2001 and first quarter 2002 . spot refining margins are expected to trend downward , with the possibility of periods of upward volatility . key factors that will influence the path of margins for the balance of this year and into 2002 include * weakening supply - demand fundamentals , as weak economies and reduced commercial air travel drive down demand * opec production policy and its effect on inventory levels * supply security concerns , including perceived risks of disruptions to physical supply that could result from new attacks or military action * * end * * follow above url for complete report ( 9 printed pages ) . e - mail category : decision brief cera knowledge area ( s ) : global oil on september 17 , cera chairman , daniel yergin , led a global client conference call discussion on the potential economic and energy industry fallout from the recent terrorist attacks on new york and washington dc . the playback of this conference call is now available at on the web at http : / / www . cera . com / highlights / teleconf _ 20010917 / or via telephone at : 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the united states ) or 719 - 457 - 0820 ( outside the united states ) . please use confirmation number 784004 to access the call playback . the playback is available until october 17 , 2001 . cera ' s autumn 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: performance reviews completed and turned in 10 / 12 / 00 hector and shanna , my three outstanding reviews have been turned into hr this afternoon . no other reviews are outstanding for my group . thanks . sheila 
2	Subject: our rolexes show your true style and your smartshopping skills . every watch ideally design with serialnumber and logo that is perfectly perfect that even microscope can   t discover the imperfection . cherish your style with our white gold or stainless steel watch collections . swiss are good at creating delicate and elegant vvatches . we excel in it . http : / / 1 . m . chicwatch . com / 2 h 6 / it had been received ; a manner of doubtful meaning , of surprise rather " he doesn ' t bite , " said the lady ; " he has no teeth . he is like one of the family , faithful and grumpy ; but the latter is my grandchildren ' s fault , for they have teased him ; they play at wedding , and want to give him the part of the bridesmaid , and that ' s too much for him , poor old fellow . " and she delivered her papers , and took puggie upon her arm . and this is the first part of the story which might have been left out . into another path , " is not this one of the ways to winthrop ? " 
2	Subject: account # 20367 s tue , 28 jun 2005 11 : 41 : 41 - 0800 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 327 , 000 for as little as $ 617 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , ^ low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : http : / / www . ddrefi . net / ? id  al 7 best regards , harrison neely http : / / www . ddrefi . net / book . php  
2	Subject: feature pick to deliver sudden surge stock watch aiert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : o . 18 wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a fuil - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this deveiopment wiil be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 miliion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park will suppiy upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annually for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , oo 0 homes with electricity and offset nearly 17 o , 00 o tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miilion for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewable energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of reievant policies , strategies and pians . to fulfiil the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as weil as clean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil gas lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases are located 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and exploration firms operate near to a | | of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectively , over 26 , ooo wells produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 006 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: luxury investors news investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy on thursday morning 2 oth of january . current price : $ 0 . 1 o did your portfoiio have a stock move like this one ! l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wiil it continue higher ? lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company se | | s primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are buiiding homes in the $ 30 ok , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of deveioping its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry . current price : $ o . 10 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to doubie its monthiy revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 mi | | ion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wil | be recognized for its quaiity of service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholly - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has compieted an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residentia | accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie instailer for new instaliations of residential aiarms for certicom and will be their provider of other home technology products too . syslync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and buiider of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wil | more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wiil provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology soiutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders and homeowners , to design and insta | | home technoiogy soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are genera | | y identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materiaily from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec . read this | ega | notes before you do anything eise : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wi | | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our l i s t , piease go here ( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: physical curve mappings _ sitara hey gang , attached are the physical curve mappings as provided by russ severson . . . please take a peek and let us know if we need to change , add / delete , update any points / mappings going forward in a netco environment . . . for instance , i would like to change texoma to carthage on the curve mappings . . . also , i would like to delete all derived curves , leaving only carthage , katytailgate , and agua dulce . the other physical locations would be shipchannel , waha and katy ( non - tailgate ) . . . let me know your thoughts . . . o ' neal 3 - 9686 
2	Subject: enside - draft good morning louise ! here is the first draft of the article for the enside newsletter . please read and make any changes or corrections and send it back to me . let me know if there is anything i can do to help you . also , what did you decide about the photo opportunity ? my photographer promises to give you several options for posing - behind your desk ! please let me know and i will schedule him at your convenience . best regards , kathie grabstald x 3 - 9610 
2	Subject: reverse osteoporosis discover . . . in the next few minutes . . . regardless of your age , sex , or current health status , how this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life . learn how to increase your quality of life we really have something here which may be able to reverse some of the problems associated with aging . - dr . anthony karpos , m . d . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tatyana @ wc . com [ mailto : michelle @ mg . com ] sent : wednesday , february 3 , 2005 2 : 55 am to : marry ; blake @ u . com ; hugh ; lauren ; leatha subject : appreciate but no thank you po 12 00 b , oran ge sta d , a ruba your body can not be very valuable to you if all your time is required to feed it i shall , therefore , present you , as my first gift , this box of tablets within each tablet are stored certain elements of electricity which are capable of nourishing a human body for a full dayall you need do is to toss one into your mouth each day and swallow it  
2	Subject: neon lesson # 5 please respond to here is your next lesson . . . have fun ! ! - experiencing god week 5 . doc 
2	Subject: as 400 technology transfer as discussed - we have yet to fully sign off this with mds - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 15 / 02 / 2001 19 : 46 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steve whitaker 09 / 02 / 2001 13 : 00 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : as 400 technology transfer as promised steve 
2	Subject: inland resources today we negotiated a handshake agreement with smith properties to buy out jedi ' s position in inland for $ 2 million ( $ 1 million net to enron ) . the dash minimum was $ 1 . 25 million ( $ 612 , 500 net to enron ) , the original offer . documentation will be simple : our rep is limited to we own it and we can sell it . expect to close and fund next week . given the inland situation and the absence of any foreseeable payment on our preferred , i view this outcome as very favorable . brandi morris ' work on this transaction was outstanding . 
2	Subject: fw : august hourly bloomberg deals still not cleared again to me by mistake . sk ? ? l da . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : metoyer , evelyn sent : ti 2001 - 08 - 28 15 : 01 to : alport , kysa ; symes , kate cc : williams , bill ; murphy , melissa ann subject : august hourly bloomberg deals still not cleared please find attached an excel spreadsheet of bloomberg deals i can ' t seem to match up with our deals in enpower . this is for august 1 through august 22 . none of these deals have bloomberg as the broker in enpower . i was told in june to allow a two day grace period before the deals should be in enpower and that did not occur . please let me know if there is anything i can do to help resolve these problems . > evelyn metoyer enron networks 713 - 853 - 3389 
2	Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visual image of your company by creating an outstanding ioqo , presentabie stationery items and professional website . these marketing tools wili siqnificantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: sales down ? accept credit cards font - size : 12 px ; color : # 000080 } . footer { font - family : verdana , arial , helvetica , sans - serif ; font - size : 10 px ; color : # 000000 } a : link { text - decoration : none ; color : # 0808 fl } a : visited { text - decoration : none ; color : # 0808 fl } a : active { text - decoration : none ; color : # ffo 000 } a : hover { text - decoration : none ; color : # 1 b 3351 } no money down merchant accounts ! if you own your own business , you ' re starting a new business or know someone who is . . . being able to accept major credit cards can make all the difference in the world ! click here just the fact that you accept credit cards adds credibility to your business . especially if you are a new , small or home based business . no payment for the first month ! setup within 3 - 5 days approval is quick and our set up times range from 3 - 5 days . guaranteed approval on all leases for equipment or software . bad credit , no credit , no problem ! accept credit cards online or offline ! ! click here if you ' d like to be removed from our mailing list , please click on the link below . we protect all email addresses from third parties . thank you . please remove me .  
2	Subject: re : drugssbymail 72 - url hello , do you wannt to spend less on your medications ? visit pharmacybymail shop and save over 70 % v gr umc ls na la avall lal xa xandmanyother try us and you will not be disappointeed . have a nice day .  
2	Subject: re : saudi arabia daren : i ' ll follow - up on this , but i ' m sure you know it isn ' t a very likely story . i ' ll be in saudi this friday , so if mr . maldonado has any leads there i can check ' em out . please say hi to doug and tell him we ' re getting a little closer to that gas pipeline to displace liquids on the saudi west coast . regards , samir rob stewart 07 / 20 / 2000 02 : 47 am to : samir salama / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : saudi arabia this sounds right up your street thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rob stewart / enron _ development on 07 / 20 / 2000 02 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer @ ect 06 / 15 / 2000 03 : 05 pm to : rob stewart / eu / enron @ enron cc : subject : saudi arabia rob , i got your name from doug leach . he thought that you would be the person to talk to about this . i got a call last night from rudolph maldonado . ( the operator forwarded him our way . ) he stated that he has some natural gas to sell in saudi arabia . his number is 562 - 866 - 1755 . could you give him a call and check this out ? i told him that i would find someone that he could discuss this with . i can be reached at 3 - 6905 if you have any questions . daren farmer 
2	Subject: cheapest ' licensed pharmacy around ^ qgcxmebcngncbj hi again , we now have over 80 meds available online now ! we are having specials on xanax , vlagra , soma , prozac and valium free cial ! s with every order more | nfo here yours sincerely canadlan oniine pharmacy  
2	Subject: re : invitation - whartonetevent - apr 20 / plsrsvp hi michael ! sorry i will be unable to attend ! i believe both vince and i are previously committed . thanks ! - - christie . 
2	Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . taf find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours ! is your spouse cheating online ? are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ? find out now ! - with big brother instant software download . click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order ! to be excluded from future contacts please visit : http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php bacalau 
2	Subject: your approval is requested please be informed that you have one or more srrs requests that are outstanding due to a pending action to approve or reject decision on your part . please go to the srrs ( lotus notes desktop icon ) and select the " requests awaiting my approval " option and complete the necessary action . more srrs request information can be seen within the request by clicking on " resource display " . your response will enable the srrs process to continue for eventual closure . thank you , information risk management 
2	Subject: you emerged winner , congratulations . ref . number : 132 / 756 / 4509 batch number : 538901527 - bc 68 ticket number : 27522465896 - 6453 dear sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the winners in our international lottery program held on the 16 th of december , 2003 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 27522465896 - 6453 with serial number 3772 - 554 drew lucky numbers 7 - 14 - 18 - 31 - 45 which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 2 , 000 , 000 euros ( two million euros ) . congratulations ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims have been fully processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid multiple claims and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 company and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every five years . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by a conglomerate of some multinational companies in europe as part of their social responsibility to the citizens in the communities where they have operational base . we hope with part of your winnings you will take part in our next year ten million euros international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent : mr . donald johnson donald johnson & associates reply email : @ fastermail . com remember all winning must be claimed not later than 31 st of december 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mr . george peters international lottery ( co - ordinator ) n . b : any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims 
2	Subject: \ / llgra , \ / aluum , levltrra , xana , caalls , alprazzolam , tramadool , loraazepam , ambllen , merldlla promised desire shook horses was enemy argue human " had longer knew pronunciation side likely black bad " hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from kinghere clicck here to order winter favorite favour using few nothing already effect happened , remained buy grew very companion god lips showed prison blow , excitement light wrong comes bread , exaggerate pray principle yourself , respect better or suddenly . need author length satisfaction gotten blow ? forty forty build light . thee wife drew calling bought spoke arm ! news money i suppose . neither offered wish fool awhile favour a .  
2	Subject: ngx - contracting party ' s agreement attached is a copy of the letter we sent to ngx : 
2	Subject: officially submitted attention : sir with respect and humility , we are writing this letter to solicit for your assistance ; though it looks strange hence we don ' t know each other . my name is dr . zakius richard , chief accountant under the ministry of finance republic of south africa . we wish to express our willingness to transfer an overdue contract sum of us $ 11 m to your company ' s account , through the reserve bank of south africa . subject : after due consideration , we have fully agreed to privately contact you for this transaction . we are intending to retire from government services to private business we decided to contact you for an urgent business proposal . we have decided to deal with a neutral person like you because of the nature of the transaction as i will equally be happy to arrange with you on terms of trade and possible transfer of the funds needed for the investment into your company ' s account or personal account . the ministry of natural resources incurred these funds as a kick back lifting of gold product . this was a ground plot by some of the key staffs of this ministry for their selfish interest . it was so unfortunate that they were removed from office resulting from the change of government and policies , which did not favor their continuous stay in the office . this money $ 11 m ( eleven million us dollar ) is now floating in the ministry of finance as a redundant fund waiting to be claimed . because of our new government policy on civil servants , we are not allowed to own a company or operate a foreign bank account . hence my soliciting for your assistance to enable us receives this fund into your company ' s account or personal account . to enable us start the process and remittance of this funds into your bank account successfully within 10 banking days , we need the following information from you ; beneficiary full names . beneficiary address . private telephone & fax number . your bank particulars including your bank name , address and your account number . note that as soon as we receive this information it will be forwarded to the appropriate quarters for final processing and approvals . with the modalities we have worked out , it makes it possible for you to act as a contractor who worked under my ministry and now waiting to receive his payment and when satisfied by the agencies your bank account will be credited within 48 banking hours . this transfer is 100 % risk free and hitch - free having done all the underground works locally for the smooth transfer of the funds into your bank account within the shortest period . we advised that you should keep this transaction a top secret and rest all correspondence to fax , and phone only , because we are occupying a sensitive position in the government circle and also this is once in a lifetime opportunity . finally , we want you to assure us that you will work on our instruction and our own share of the money will be safe . you will be rewarded with 25 % of the total sum for your honest assistance and co - operation , 5 % for any expenses that may come up during the transfer while 70 % remain for me and my colleagues involved in this transaction . contact me by return call / fax for any question and further discussion . awaiting your immediate response . regards , dr . zakius richard mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: netgear 5 - in - 1 wireless . . . . . . . . @ $ 69 . 00 netgear cable / dsl prosafe 802 . 11 b wireless firewall / print server $ 69 . 00 this netgear prosafe 802 . 11 b firewall delivers everything you could want in one mega - capable 5 - in - 1 unit ! with this netgear prosafe you get a router , switch , print server , w - fi certified wireless access point , and firewall , all of this in one unit ! with 4 auto - sensing ports , switched lan ports and nat routing , up to 253 user ' s can access your broadband connection at the same time , including as many as 32 wireless users ! features : - built - in 11 mbps wireless access point - true firewall with stateful packet inspection ( spi ) and intrusion detection - built - in print server and network address translation ( nat ) routing - four ( 4 ) 10 / 100 mbps auto - sensing auto uplink rj - 45 ports - one ( 1 ) 10 / 100 base - t wan rj - 45 port visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: sepo 0 activity at meter # 1428 i had to go clean up some stuff at meter # 1428 for sepo 0 that will cause a reallocation of volumes . previously , all activity at the meter was with beamont methanol . now , for the period sep 5 to sep 18 , i ' ve entered daily transactions with brandywine in sitara # 423794 please call to discuss is any questions lee 
2	Subject: todd hall sally , it has taken a few weeks for me to write this memo , but i wanted to make sure that i thanked you for making todd available to us in london . todd was a great help . he provided the experience , professionalism and insight that we were lacking on book splitting team . todd did a very good job of moving the process forward and outlining some projects that need to undertaken in the future . i hope that he will have the time to come back to london once or twice to help evaluate the progress made on his ideas . thanks again , joe ps if you have anyone of todds caliber that needs a new challenge , please let me know . 
2	Subject: sending customer information from envision during our envision training session the question came up as to whether or not we can send documents to our customers from envision via email . after working with sylvia thomas , the answer is yes and no . yes , we can get documents form envision to the customer easily . no we can ' t do it through email . sylvia and her team , however , are going to look into the possibility of being able to send information from envision securely through email . in the meantime , you can fax information directly from envision to your customer . directions are attached . if you have any questions or problems , feel free to call . dennis p . lee ets gas logistics ( 713 ) 853 - 1715 dennis . lee @ enron . com 
2	Subject: amr research preview information vince , feel free to use this username and password to surf around the amrresearch site ken - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth parkhill / na / enron on 04 / 12 / 2001 01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ www . amrresearch . com ( craig mackay ) on 04 / 11 / 2001 05 : 34 : 08 pm to : kenneth parkhill cc : subject : amr research preview information the following is your user name and password for an amr research preview account . username : parkhilll 51647 password : remain the preview section will give you access to the executive summaries section and the presentation library . if you have any questions about amr research , please email info @ amrresearch . com or call ( 617 ) 542 - 6600 . to access the preview section , please go to the following url . http : / / www . amrresearch . com / members 
2	Subject: re : ill be over elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 8 : 40 am to : sager , elizabeth cc : schoppe , tammie subject : re : if you are in - please can you come to my office if not tammie please organize a dial in - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sager , elizabeth sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 8 : 37 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : sure , love to , but where or at what number to call . happy new year elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 8 : 33 am to : sager , elizabeth subject : portland meeting 11 : 30 am please could you attend . 
2	Subject: let ' s go to dinner at lagrasta ' s .  
2	Subject: christmass sale + adobe illustrator 10 do you need new software we might have just what you need . check out these amazing offers microsoft office xp pro 2002 . . . . . . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . $ 60 windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 desorption impassableflour minim rupeeascend colorate sickonion souffle spikenardswatch pantry neurosescomport dyad handyoxford purchasable magnitudecowry afar caremidrange 
2	Subject: ose puts the blame where it belongs by pointing out that the iso ' s favoritism towards dwr cost california billions in potential refunds . iso ' s role in sales is rapped : critics challenge the independence of the power grid operator . by david whitney bee washington bureau ( published aug . 3 , 2001 ) washington - - the independence of california ' s power transmission grid operator and its electricity sales to the state department of water resources came under fire at a house of representatives hearing thursday . but grid operators said there was no way that arms - length transactions with the department of water resources could have been negotiated beginning in january when power blackouts were imminent and the state was the only buyer with money . rep . doug ose , r - sacramento , chairman of the house governmental affairs energy policy panel , charged in a prepared statement to open the hearing that the cozy relationship between the dwr and the california independent system operator could result in the state forfeiting any claim to refunds for overcharges by power generators . " the state ' s interference into cal - iso has possibly cost californians billions of dollars in potential refunds , " ose said . " moreover , it represents a serious violation of the federal energy regulatory commission ' s regulations . " at issue is the fact that the iso is run by a five - person board appointed by the governor when , under federal law , it is supposed to be independent . additionally , the iso ' s biggest customer is the dwr , which buys power using state money to firm up power deliveries by utilities too cash - starved to buy it themselves . last week , the ferc determined that the dwr would not be entitled to any rate refunds on its power contracts . in reaching that decision , the commission cited the agency ' s special access to information that gave it a competitive advantage over other purchasers . terry m . winter , iso president and chief executive officer , said that at the time the department of water resources began buying power in january under these unusual circumstances , there were no other buyers willing to step in to keep power flowing to homes and businesses . " that occurred because the market was not functioning , " winter said . " they were the only creditworthy purchaser purchasing power . " but kevin madden , the regulatory commission ' s top lawyer , said the relationship between the iso and the department of water resources raises troubling questions . " dwr buying on behalf of the state is a market participant , " he said . " it shouldn ' t be in the iso control room . it shouldn ' t be allowed to cherry pick " among power sellers . madden said he expects the commission to rule soon on whether the iso should be reconstituted to ensure its independence . the bee ' s david whitney can be reached at ( 202 ) 383 - 0004 or dwhitney @ mcclatchydc . com . you can see this story at : copyright ? the sacramento bee 
2	Subject: ebs goes live ! . . . 15 , 000 will be impacted on 7 / 1 / 00 enron broadband services is the latest addition to the enron sap rollout . the apollo and beyond project team and enron ' s business units are currently preparing for the project ' s final implementation . apollo and beyond is an enron initiative tasked with laying a common financial , human resources , project management , and procurement foundation throughout the majority of enron ' s businesses . ebs " go - live " on april lst , enron broadband services supplemented their current sap functionality with hr online and sap hr , including payroll and organizational structure management . hr online enables the ebs population to enter their own time , view and update their personal information , and view their vacation time and individual payroll information via enron ' s intranet . additionally , this implementation enhanced the sap financial , project and procurement processes that ebs has had in operation since april 1 , 1999 . these enhancements included an ebs pilot of b 2 b , a web - based requisitioning tool . among the benefits of these enhancements will be improved information flow across business units currently on sap . july 1 " go - live " this final apollo and beyond implementation will directly impact more than 15 , 000 enron employees and contractors - - odds are that you are one of them ! people impacted on july lst include : all enron employees paid out of corporate payroll in houston , excluding azurix employees the financial communities of enron energy services , enron investment partners , enron north america , enron renewable energy corporation , gas pipeline group , global finance , and global products . the project management communities of enron north america , gas pipeline group , global asset operations , global finance , and global products . the human resources communities of corporate , global e & p , enron energy services , enron engineering and construction company , enron investment partners , enron north america , enron renewable energy corporation ( houston only ) , the international regions , gas pipeline group , global finance , and global products . general sap training will be available in late april via the enron intranet . additional , specific , sap classes and workshops are scheduled to begin in may and continue through august . information on the project can be obtained through the enron intranet at http : / / sap . enron . com and by contacting business unit representatives currently working with the project . a list of business unit representatives is located on the intranet site . additional information related to the july lst implementation will be communicated to you over the next few months . thank you . melissa becker project leader , apollo and beyond 
2	Subject: nom change - effective may 27 , 2000 - sg marshall - hpl meter 98 - 6296 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 05 / 26 / 2000 11 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - suzanne _ saldivar @ eogresources . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 04 : 04 : 12 pm to : charlotte _ hawkins @ enron . com cc : tacton @ enron . com , crodrig @ enron . com subject : nom change - effective may 27 , 2000 - sg marshall - hpl meter 98 - 6296 due to loss of production from the sg marshall leases , a nom change from 3 , 300 to 2 , 400 mmbtu / d at hpl meter 98 - 6296 delivery @ hpl thompsonville ( pg & e meter 834134 ) will be effective may 27 , 2000 . please call me at ( 713 ) 651 - 6858 with any questions . thanks ! 
2	Subject: re : cc : get your meds overnmght . balustrade ache broth lew saguaro wander porcine tsarina erudite experimentation descend rehearse cytosine bandgap statesmen clank stood tact villainous illusion equipped isinglass powderpuff crewcut manfred professor wife lemon trot churchgo autotransformer cowlick idiot vade mauritius finale sforzando courtney pumice requisite dionysus muskellunge abdominal dung peer backlog businessmen americium croupier depletion prance cursive chicory cranford graves hymn conundrum chaplain ascendant bean quackery insult larynges door  
2	Subject: re : associate / analyst super saturday participation - additional request shelly , these are the super saturdays i can help you with : nov 10 dec 1 dec 8 dec 15 i shall be traveling on two other days . one of these trips is related to recruiting at cmu . vince vince enron north america corp . from : shelly jones , recruiting manager @ enron 10 / 24 / 2000 09 : 12 pm sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : ena employees cc : subject : associate / analyst super saturday participation - additional request additional interviewer participation is requested for october 28 & november 4 . also , please note the school / date changes ( in red ) . this change was necessary due to the number of candidates participating in super saturday . if you have a change in your participation as a result of the date change , please contact john harrison , ext . 3 - 7811 for revisions . thank you shelly jones enron managing directors , vice presidents , directors , and managers who utilize the associate / analyst pool as a follow up from a " save the date " email regarding your participation in the associate and analyst super saturday process , now is the time to select your dates to attend and participate . below are the dates for super saturday weekends during the upcoming recruiting season . if you are houston - based or if you know you will be in houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to volunteer . ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member . ) associates analysts october 27 - 28 , 2000 november 3 - 4 thunderbird , ut , georgetown , rice rice , ut , baylor , a & m , ou , florida , lsu , uhcl november 10 - 11 , 2000 november , 17 - 18 , 2000 columbia , stern nyu , ucla , darden , cornell penn , uva , vanderbilt , michigan , howard , auc , vanderbilt , michigan uhmain and clear lake , lsu december , 1 - 2 , 2000 december 8 - 9 , 20000 chicago , kellogg , harvard , wharton , mit wellesley , overflow and re - schedules from previous s / s - friday , december 15 , 2000 carnegie mellon yale off - cycle candidates thank you for your support of the associate and analyst programs . shelly jones recruiting manager 
2	Subject: notification adexec investerings firma max - havelaastraat 522 b , 2746 tg , rotterdam - netherlands winning notification ref no ; aif 6162688 - 09 to the e - mail bearer , sequel to the annual lottery draw of the above named establishment in europe , conducted on the 21 st of july , 2005 . i am glad to notify you that your e - mail address attached to ticket no ; 627462108 tw won in the third category a lump - sum of eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars ( usd 850 , 000 ; 00 ) . congratulations and be advised to keep confidential till your prize is processed to avoid multiple applications / filings . all participants were selected randomly by a computer software ballot device . this promotion is sponsored by a group of corporate establishments and accredited charitable organizations in europe . be informed that a minimum of 10 % of your prize must be donated to a remarkable charity organization in your locality . to file for your claim and other enquiries , please contact your fiducial agent ; mrs vivian de vries , adexec consultant 11 ( e - mail ; vries _ v @ adexec . com ) congratulations once more , sincerely yours ' mirabel parkerson ( ms ) nb ; kindly state your ref no and ticket no when filing for your claim . book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: be stallone in bed new softtabs , thay last longer and have less sideeffects world wide delivery no prescription needed private online ordering http : / / campos . visagraph . net / ? 897 want to discontinue , go here http : / / dorothea . visagraph . net / rm . php ? 897  
2	Subject: fwd : order . valium . \ x @ nax ^ vl @ gra ^ fioric . 3 t ' pnt . e . rmin + so . m . a vvdnu using the speed and user - friendliness of the internet we have simplified your ability to research your own health problems and autonomously discover the available options for treatment . order these pills : ` xain | ax % + soma + , pnt / e / rmin plus : ce ' | 3 brex , fiori . c 3 t , tram @ . do | , u : | tr @ m , l 3 v | ' tra , pro ' p 3 cia , acyc | 0 ` vir , p : roz @ c , p @ xi ` l , bus ' p @ r , adip . ex , iona ` min , m ' 3 ridia , x 3 n ' ica | , a : mbi 3 n , s : 0 nata , fl 3 x : eril we don ' t require any prescriptions . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: brooklyn navy yard legal risk memo attached is the legal risk memo described above . angela d . davis enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3817 houston , texas 77019 tel : ( 713 ) 345 - 8347 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 e - mail : angela . davis @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fw : md prc committee i guess leff is not getting fired . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sera , sherri sent : tuesday , june 26 , 2001 3 : 34 pm to : shankman , jeffrey a . ; piper , greg ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; mcconnell , mike ; mccarty , danny ; leff , dan ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; fallon , jim ; dietrich , janet ; cox , david ; buy , rick ; brown , michael - coo london ; bowen jr . , raymond cc : kean , steven ; oxley , david subject : md prc committee it has been decided to again expand the md prc committee beyond the policy committee members to include other mds . each of you has been chosen to participate in the mid - year md prc to take place on tuesday , july 24 . david oxley and his team will provide you with pertinent details of the meeting . please let jeff skilling know if you have a conflict or any concerns regarding your participation in this process . srs 
2	Subject: returns look nice , read before you invest yasheng group ( symbol pink sheets : yhgg ) as of 9 / 30 / 04 : ( source 10 q : 12 / 10 / 04 ) cash : $ 51 , 049 , 005 revenues : 3 months ending 9 / 30 / 04 : $ 170 , 613 , 788 net income : $ 16 , 923 , 579 earnings per share : $ 0 . 11 current price : $ 2 . 75 reasons to consider yhgg ( source : recent press releases ) 1 ) yasheng group progresses with united states expansion plans - " yasheng is committed to building a major presence in the united states , in product distribution , plant development , logistical infrastructure , and in financial visibility through a major exchange listing , " may ping , president of united states operations stated . 2 ) yasheng group moves towards closing sustainable systems acquisition - as a division of the yasheng group , sustainable endeavors will focus on the domestic and international commercialization of renewable fuels , primarily biodiesel , lubricants , specialty chemicals and other biobased products manufactured from fatty biomass and other agricultural and waste raw materials . 3 ) yasheng group posts higher third quarter earnings - " yasheng is moving forward in its efforts to establish a us base of operations , and is aggressively pursuing numerous distribution and operational opportunities in a number of overseas markets . yasheng is committed to creating a major presence in the united states , and is optimistic that 2005 will show substantial progress in that endeavor , " the spokesperson added . about yasheng group ( source : news release 2 / 9 / 05 ) the yasheng group ( otc : yhgg ) is a diversified industrial conglomerate incorporated in redwood city , california , operates in hi - tech agriculture , salt chemistry and biological technology as its core business with advantages in rich land , mineral resources , capital and technology reserves . through its 136 subsidiaries , the company operating categories include : chemical engineering , agricultural production , biotech , pharmaceuticals , textile products , printing and dyeing , commercial trading , beverages and inorganic salt manufacturing . yasheng group produces over 51 major products in the northwest of china , seven of which have received the national " green award " for the environment and health . the company is recognized nationally for meeting all industry quality and environmental standards . products are sold nationally and exported regularly to the u . s . , canada , australia , pakistan , iran , and many major countries in europe and asia . major exports include sodium sulfate , sodium sulfide , vinyl fibers , barley , hops , fine spirits , licorice root , black melon seed , livestock , and many more agricultural , biotechnology , and industrial products . with total assets of approximately $ 1 . 5 billion usd and over 15 , 000 employees , yasheng group has 155 , 097 , 355 shares issued and outstanding as of december 1 , 2004 . do your homework on this industrial powerhouse ! draw your own conclusions . is it unkown and undiscovered by wall street ? for how much longer ? consider adding yhgg to your portfolio today ! information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . a review of the company ' s 10 q filed 12 / 10 / 04 and financial statements on their website reveals no material disclosable items . during 2003 the company had intercompany transactions with gansu industrial totaling $ 22 , 924 , 236 . during 2002 , the company provided a loan guarantee in the amount of $ 50 , 534 , 381 to gansu industrial . there are other risk factors that could cause you to lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered in - vestment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings where applicable , should be completed prior to investing . we urge you to read the sec filings now , before you invest . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party ( cap , inc . ) not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: energy : oil drilling : survey finds producers plan to spend more than originally planned in . . . survey finds producers plan to spend more than originally planned in 2000 06 / 19 / 2000 petroleum finance week ( c ) 2000 phillips business information , inc . oil and gas producers plan to increase their worldwide exploration and production expenditures by more than they anticipated at the beginning of the year , lehman brothers inc . found in a mid - year update of its annual e & p survey . " the 326 companies we surveyed are planning on an 18 . 2 percent increase , versus a 10 . 2 percent rise budgeted in december , " said james d . crandell , who follows oil services and drilling for the new york investment banker . he emphasized that the gain by the 326 producers in lehman ' s survey reflects increases in budgets for 2000 and not underspending of budgets during 1999 . " among the companies that were included in our december 1999 and may 2000 surveys , global spending actually came in slightly above what was estimated to have been spent during 1999 in december . it also indicates that nearly $ 6 billion has been added to 2000 worldwide exploration budgets since december , " crandell said . the survey ' s respondents said that they planned to increase u . s . e & p expenditures by 17 . 6 percent , up from 15 . 9 percent earlier in the year . crandell said that the greater increase was driven almost entirely by independent producers . " in our survey , 227 independents indicated e & p spending growth in 2000 of 26 . 1 percent versus a 22 . 9 percent increase budgeted for the year in december , " he indicated . " some 40 percent of the independents we surveyed have increased their u . s . e & p budgets , while about 23 percent plan on spending less than what they indicated last december . higher natural gas prices and increased cash flow are the main drivers behind this . " crandell said that anadarko petroleum corp . ( nyse : apc ) , apache corp . ( nyse : apa ) , bhp petroleum , h . s . resources inc . ( nyse : hse ) , mcmoran exploration co . ( nyse : ran ) , mdu resources group inc . ( nyse : mdu ) , mitchell energy and development corp . ( nyse : mnd . a and mnd . b ) , santa fe snyder corp . ( nyse : sfs ) , stone energy corp . ( nyse : sgy ) and titan exploration inc . - now pure resources inc . ( nyse : prs ) - were among the larger independents to make the most significant upward revisions . the ones that significantly reduced planned u . s . e & p outlays for the year included barrett resources corp . ( nyse : brr ) , belco oil and gas corp . ( nyse : bog ) , burlington resources inc . ( nyse : br ) , coastal corp . ( nyse : cgp ) , forcenergy inc . ( nyse : fen ) , houston exploration co . ( nyse : hex ) , kerr - mcgee corp . ( nyse : kmg ) , mariner energy corp . and williams production co . the survey found that major oil companies plan about the same percentage gain in their 2000 u . s . e & p expenditures ( 8 . 8 percent ) at midyear as they did at the beginning of the year ( 8 . 4 percent ) . among the 14 companies in this category , 31 percent made meaningful increases in their 2000 e & p spending estimates during the first six months , including amerada hess corp . ( nyse : ahc ) , conoco inc . ( nyse : coc . a and coc . b ) , occidental petroleum corp . ( nyse : oxy ) and total fina elf s . a . ( nyse : tot ) . another 19 percent - including eni spa ( nyse : e ) , royal dutch / shell ( nyse : rdp and stt ) and texaco inc . ( nyse : tx ) - scaled back their domestic spending estimates , while the remaining 50 percent of the majors in the survey remained the same . ' the increase in canada . . . is nothing short of staggering . . . ' " the increase in canada indicated by the 85 companies in our survey is nothing short of staggering , " crandell continued . of the 85 companies that he contacted , 44 . 7 percent budgeted higher expenditures for 2000 than for 1999 . " compared with december , 41 percent of them have increased their estimated spending in 2000 by more than 10 percent , while 20 percent have reduced it by more than 10 percent . the remaining 39 percent have kept it within 10 percent of what was originally estimated , " crandell said . talisman energy inc . ( nyse : tlm ) led the group with a huge increase , followed by anderson exploration ltd . ( tse : axl ) , gulf canada resources ltd . ( nyse : gou ) , murphy oil corp . ( nyse : mur ) , pan canadian petroleum ltd . ( tse : pcp ) and shell canada ltd . ( tse : shc ) . like their u . s . counterparts , producers above the border raised their 2000 e & p budgets in response to higher gas prices and increased cash flow , according to the lehman analyst . he said that foreign upstream budgets were an area of surprise : " the 14 . 9 percent gain indicated by the 99 oil and gas companies that have operations outside the united states and canada was well above the 5 . 7 percent increase for 2000 estimated last december . as in other geographies , there were more companies that increased budgets than decreased them . " overall , crandell said that 33 percent of the surveyed companies raised their 2000 e & p budgets by more than 10 percent , 43 estimated expenditures in roughly the same range and 24 percent indicated that they would spend less than originally planned . he said that the larger increases were driven by some big companies which materially increased their budgets , including texaco , petroleos brasileiros s . a . , petroleos mexicanos s . a . and repsol ypf s . a . ( nyse : rep ) among the multinationals and amerada hess , apache , premier oil plc . and woodside energy among mid - sized companies . crandell noted that while respondents ' average price assumptions rose during 2000 ' s first six months ( to $ 22 . 04 from $ 19 . 25 per barrel of crude oil and to $ 2 . 58 from $ 2 . 38 per thousand cubic feet of natural gas ) , they still trail current prices and what lehman brothers estimates for the year ( $ 28 per barrel of crude and $ 3 . 30 per mcf of gas ) . " this suggests a stronger second half than expected , should companies raise budgets further to reflect the higher prices , " he said . - nick snow in washington - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john peyton / hou / ect on 06 / 19 / 2000 07 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com on 06 / 19 / 2000 08 : 27 : 26 pm please respond to nobody @ maill . djnr . com to : 1346 @ wctopics . djnr . com cc : subject : energy : oil drilling : survey finds producers plan to spend more than originally planned in . . . survey finds producers plan to spend more than originally planned in 2000 oil and gas producers plan to increase their worldwide exploration and production expenditures by more than they anticipated at the beginning of the year , lehman brothers inc . found in a mid - year update of its annual e & p survey . " the 326 companies we . . . published by : petroleum finance week date : 06 / 19 / 2000 word count : 894 relevance score on scale of 100 : 80 folder name : energy : oil drilling full - text article available at c  ptry articles are included at no charge for flat - fee corporate customers . ( under standard pricing , charges apply . for details , click the $ icon on the dow jones interactive home page , located at http : / / www . djinteractive . com . ) to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: re : missing service rates for ena / hplc cash desk - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 04 / 2000 10 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rhonda robinson @ ect 01 / 04 / 2000 10 : 23 am to : stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect , ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : gregory steagall / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : missing service rates for ena / hplc cash desk listed below are expense contracts that need rates input into sitara . please let me know as soon as possible if you are responsible for the input of these rates . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rhonda robinson / hou / ect on 01 / 04 / 2000 10 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : heidi withers 01 / 04 / 2000 09 : 18 am to : rhonda robinson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : missing service rates for ena / hplc cash desk okay ! how about the other expense rates ? if you need any help getting those input , let me know . otherwise we ' ll make sure things are clean for that 11 th workday . i hope you had a great new year ' s ! heidi rhonda robinson 01 / 04 / 2000 09 : 13 am to : heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : missing service rates for ena / hplc cash desk theresa in denver is looking into the missing rates issue for powder river gathering . thanks for all of your help . reminder : we will be beginning our close process on the 11 th workday . enron north america corp . from : heidi withers 12 / 31 / 99 10 : 07 am to : rhonda robinson / hou / ect @ ect , gregory steagall / hou / ect @ ect cc : charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect subject : missing service rates for ena / hplc cash desk rhonda , i took a look at the missing service rates report and i don ' t have the rates to input into the system . the best i can do is input them if you provide them to me . i am sorry that i can ' t help more . . . call me if you need to at xl 836 . greg sent me the expense reconciliation reports that have come out were : powder river gathering - expense powder river gathering - revenue east texas gathering - expense king ranch gas processing - expense humble gas pipeline - expense channel industries - expense tgpl - expense black marlin - expense i ' m here till noon , and reachable after that at 713 - 385 - 7612 . i think that charlotte or someone in the logistics group can help with these rates . 
2	Subject: mid year east origination louise , please find attached the info requested . the total origination shown is greater then the value that you had provided . the attached values were taken off of the itemized report that you had previously forwarded . frank 
2	Subject: re : tony hamilton thanks for clarifying that vince . vince j kaminski 05 / 04 / 2001 15 : 00 to : chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect cc : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , mark tawney / hou / ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , christie marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect , norma villarreal / hou / ect subject : re : tony hamilton chris , e hired tony to support global markets but jeff shankman decided that , given highly specialized nature of his work it makes sense to put him in the research group , with a dotted line to mike roberts who is running our weather group . given that his work will directly and exclusively benefit gm , it makes sense for research to charge his expenses to global markets . we can adjust allocations to reflect his contributions to different sub - units of gm . tony spent the last few weeks in houston training for his position in london with mike roberts . we are very excited about the prospect of working with him . vince chris mahoney 04 / 05 / 2001 03 : 56 am to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , mark tawney / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , pierre aury / lon / ect @ ect , christie marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : tony hamilton tony was hired to work for global markets . think costs should be assigned to vince or mark but if you believe those costs should be for my group let me know . tani nath 05 / 04 / 2001 09 : 33 to : chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , pierre aury / lon / ect @ ect cc : christie marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect subject : tony hamilton i now have tony on one of my rcs ( research ) . i understand he will be doing weather forecasts for some or all of you , and that he has a desk allocated in global . i need to recharge his costs - can someone please advise the right cost centre . many thanks , tani 
2	Subject: implemetation schedule for london risktrac xl exposure feed templates fyi , this is where we are . shone , please can you call me when you get in . thanks james - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james new / lon / ect on 07 / 12 / 2000 12 : 10 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : hugo moreira 07 / 12 / 2000 11 : 46 to : david hardy / lon / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect , jitendra patel / market risk management / lon / ect @ ect cc : james new / lon / ect @ ect subject : implemetation schedule for london risktrac xl exposure feed templates 
2	Subject: thank you for using register . com dear louise , thank you for using register . com to submit citigroupenergy . com for registration . a host of helpful register . com tools and services come with citigroupenergy . com . take advantage of the following at no additional charge : - a 3 page web site with our firststepsite ( tm ) tool ! http : / / www . firststepsite . com / - a personalized email account http : / / www . register . com / email - services / - url forwarding through firststepportal ( tm ) http : / / www . register . com / url - jump . cgi - superior customer support , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . submit inquiries to : in addition , register . com is pleased to offer many valuable services to help extend your online presence : - - - - promote your site - - - - submit your web site to over 500 search engines automatically with our easy site submit service . do it today at http : / / www . register . com / site - jump . cgi - - - - distinguish your brand - - - the new specialized domain name extensions allow you to enhance your internet presence by indicating your organization ' s specialty : for example , citigroupenergy . biz would identify a small business , while citigroupenergy . info would distinguish an informational site . to find out more about . pro , . biz , . info and . name , go to : http : / / www . register . com / tldrequests / - - - - go global - - - - register domain names in foreign language character sets , including japanese , chinese , french , german , spanish and over 40 other languages . go to http : / / ml . register . com / to register . - - - - protect your name - - - - register . com will help you protect your . com , . net or . org name with saferenew ( tm ) automatic domain renewal service . we will notify you when your name is up for expiration , and if you can ' t get back to us before that date , we will attempt to automatically renew your name for a one - year term . please make sure that your billing information is up to date , as you will need a valid credit card on record to take advantage of this service . when we renew your name we will automatically charge your credit card on file at the current renewal price . for more information about renewing your domain name or to disable your saferenew service , go to : http : / / www . register . com / faq / renewal . cgi questions or comments ? please visit us at http : / / www . register . com / faq / or submit your comments to us at we thank you for using register . com , the first step on the web ( tm ) . best wishes , david hirschler general manager , vice president retail division register . com , inc . http : / / www . register . com 
2	Subject: results of calif power auction ca reviews state power auction results california ' s closely watched entry into the long - term , bulk power market turned up 39 bidders at an average 6 . 9 cents / kwh price , the governor ' s office reported late wednesday , as the state government finished its whirlwind 27 - hour , sealed - bid power auction . gov . gray davis said the state received a " very representative bid with a good deal of power bid for , and it was a very good sample , certainly one that gives us all optimism . " tom hannigan , director of the state water resource department who oversaw the auction , said the state obtained " a useful sample across all times of the day across the spectrum of the year , and we are quite pleased with the initial results . i look forward to looking through bids and developing some long - term contracts . our fundamental responsibility here is to purchase power at the best possible prices for consumers and businesses . " on wednesday as the bids from the internet - based auction were initially accessed , davis said he expected a new law from the state legislature by feb . 1 , giving the state authority to consummate deals involving the best of the bids received in the quick - turnaround auction . the bids covered six - month , three - , five - and 10 - year durations . hearings in sacramento continued on the omnibus new law ( s ) that would give the state long - term buying authority , and also decide how to handle operation of the utility hydroelectric generation system and over - market purchased power contracts with so - called " qualifying facilities " ( qfs ) . bidders , utilities and other market participants expressed initial enthusiasm for the state ' s new program , with san diego - based sempra ' s ceo telling the financial community thursday that he is " encouraged " by the state auction . " we don ' t yet have detailed information on the bids in the first round - - - and in my opinion that ' s what it is , a first round - - - but from what the governor has said , i am quite encouraged that we are going to see power allocated to the three utilities at below the costs that they have recently been paying in the wholesale power market , " said sempra ' s stephen baum . " that should ease the financial situation of all three utilities and give us greater liquidity , opening the way to further measures being discussed , such as securitization of uncollected balances . " california ' s governor also pushed ahead on several other fronts , announcing three new energy - related advisors plucked from the public and private sectors : mike peevey , a former utility president turned - successful - energy startup entrepreneur ; s . david freeman , general manager of the nation ' s largest municipal utility and a veteran of more than four decades in public power ; and frank zarb , nasdaq stock market ceo and a former top - level energy adviser in presidents nixon and ford administrations in washington , d . c . in the 1970 s . peevey , whose wife was elected to the state legislature in november , will serve as davis ' s energy adviser ; freeman will help the state water resources department develop long - term power contracts and zarb will advise davis on energy finance and market issues . also on wednesday , davis announced the newly created five - member politically appointed board for the state - chartered transmission grid operator ( cal - iso ) held its first meeting . it replaces a 26 - member industry stakeholder board that davis has regularly criticized for representing energy companies rather than consumers . the new members include close aides to the governor , such as his business / transportation cabinet - level secretary , head of the state electricity oversight board , and his senior policy adviser , along with a veteran consumer group attorney and the chief staff person at the silicon valley manufacturing group . a california - based spokesperson for duke , tom williams , confirmed that his company participated in the auction and that its bids are " all contingent on coming to agreeable credit terms . " reliant also reportedly participated in the auction . " the balls in the state ' s court now , " williams said . in addition to announcing it had made " credible bids " in the state water resources department - run electricity auction , duke noted that pre - scheduled outages of two power plant units to upgrade their air emission controls - - - one each at moss landing and san diego ' s south bay - - - were nearing completion and would be back the end of january ( moss ) and march respectively . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , mauro  
2	Subject: stocks discovered for quick profit yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 1 o 5 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap international , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and sel | under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wiil market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketpiace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the worid where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabiiities , call forwarding , ca | | waiting , voice mai | , and a gioba | virtual number . aiso inciuded in the new offering is a residentia | standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any ce | | phone or regular phone with remote dial - out ( celiular bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd display , cailer id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewall , enhanced cal | forwarding , cal | biock and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wil | be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 40 o mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most complete and technoiogically advanced line of voip products currently availabie in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a gioba | scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated   , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company holds the exclusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cable , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 007 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: best software prices . strikers flop quashes colonize outrageous churchyards bradshaw sock oval profoundly identified avouch chimney hurts mythologies customizer snafu askance laundered dated aright offenbach algebra obsolescence candidate slammed stubblefields declinations fortresses helium karp wetting diffusion populate recapture  
2	Subject: invitacion acto del rector fco . martinez neri la universidad autnoma  benito jurez  de oaxaca y la direccin de servicio social le invitan al acto pblico de seleccin de campos clnicos de servicio social comunitario en las reas de odontologa , enfermera , medicina y obstetrcia con la asistencia del rector c . p . c francisco martnez neri y los titulares en la entidad del imss , issste , secretara de salud , sedena cecyte y conaep jueves 21 de julio 8 : 00 horas am explanada de rectora ciudad universitaria atentamente c . p . marta yescas lon directora de servicio social uabjo _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ correo yahoo ! espacio para todos tus mensajes , antivirus y antispam  gratis ! regstrate ya - http : / / correo . yahoo . com . mx / 
2	Subject: re : grades pam , the students resent the documents . the group members : rakhi israni felix feng lu winny so orlandotaylor sanjay wankhade ning zhang grade : a separately , i think i have sent you already : jeffrey planck grade : a please , confirm this message . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: ets day of caring - save the date enron ' s united way campaign officially kicks off monday , july 23 , with the leadership giving campaign . the employee campaign will kick off monday , august 6 . as part of the campaign , ets will participate in the enron - wide days of caring . ets ' day of caring will be held on thursday , august 9 , benefiting neighborhood centers , inc . , our adopted united way agency . ets will have projects at two nci facilities , with a morning shift and an afternoon shift . please save thursday , august 9 , on your calendar for ets ' day of caring . details will be communicated shortly . besides helping our community , there is lots of fun in store on ets ' day of caring . please contact kimberly nelson ( x 33580 ) to schedule your volunteer time . 
2	Subject: settelement request for an equistar " buyback " ticket with ena as shipper i spoke to anita this morning and she suggested i forward you this request to set up a sitara ticket for an " ena " deal ticket to handle the buyback on meters 981373 & 981384 that pretain to equistar for june and july 2000 . equistar invoice can not be drafted without this deal ticket . this is an urgent request for settlement to finalize equistar invoice for june 2000 activity . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 07 / 25 / 2000 10 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 07 / 14 / 2000 10 : 27 am to : craig breslau / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : settelement request for an equistar " buyback " ticket with ena as shipper lee ask me to forward this note - mail to you . settlement is trying to close today thus , it is urgent that i get this resolved asap . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 07 / 14 / 2000 10 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 07 / 14 / 2000 09 : 29 am to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : settelement request for an equistar " buyback " ticket with ena as shipper daren wanted me to make this request to you for an equistar buyback ticket on enron north america { ena } . equistar has nominated activity on ena for june and july 2000 production . settlement seems to think a buyback ticket is necessary to properly account for equistar ' s monthly activity . 
2	Subject: re : scohking harrodce hentai hello , handemso ! frseh sexy caroton wheros i have rceeived no mroe than one or two lteerts in my life that were wtroh the psotage . teanasleteln t , a  
2	Subject: re : new global counterparty change request system thanks very much for your comments . i too applaud the groups ' efforts on the new request system ! this is the kind of improvement in our processes that we should all be seeking on a regular basis . it ' s nice to know this one hit the mark and adds value to our customers ' processes as well . kim s theriot 03 / 03 / 2000 09 : 55 am to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect cc : bernice rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , samuel schott / hou / ect @ ect , mary g gosnell / hou / ect @ ect subject : new global counterparty change request system just wanted to drop you a note to let you know how pleased we are with the new global counterparty change request system . i had the opportunity to use it yesterday . it is very easy to use and very user friendly ! also it is very efficient , since we no longer have to remember who handles what party of the alphabet . we love the fact that we can work on a request and save it as a draft before finalizing it . also like the ability to view our own request so that we can view the status . overall , your group has done a great job on this project ! kim theriot 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: attention sma | | stock players santiago , iogn - get in now - will explode in next 2 weeks - this stock is undiscovered stock gem get in iogn now ! huge news - istorage networks , inc . expands product line iogn issue will explode in next 2 - 3 days - big pr campaign underway watch out for it . jump on board it will explode on monday . . stock expected to soar - read news at the end of this profile . it will explode ! ! speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 microcap marketing play of the week for our investors is istorage inc . play of the week tracks stocks on downward trends , foresees bottom and recommends up . iogn is our next profile : iogn * * iogn * * iogn * * istorage inc . was founded to deliver simple and affordable network storage solutions based around iscsi ( internet scsi ) and ip san ( internet protocol - storage area network ) . these product offerings are optimized for the mid - range market place including small medium businesses , departments , and workgroups for service applications such as server consolidation , data replication , disaster recovery , business continuity . the key to istorage products is simplicity . easy to install . easy to manage . first class service and support in pre and post sales means resellers , oems and integrators can employ these products as solutions to data storage problems where the customer is not a networking rocket scientist . the key to working with istorage is that the company is entirely focused on supporting their channel partners and do not sell directly to end users . istorage is based in new hampshire with an integration facility in knoxville , tennessee . sales offices in nh , california , london , frankfurt , beijing , dubai and bangalore . . speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 - - - - - - - - news _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ gilford , n . h . , 2004 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - istorage networks , inc . ( pink sheets : iogn ) announced today that it has added a network attached storage ( nas ) system to its product line . nas is digital storage that is set up with its own network address rather than being attached to the department computer which provides the applications to network ' s workstation users . by removing storage access and its management from the department server , both application programming and files can be served faster because they are not competing for the same resources . roger kirkland , vp sales and marketing , stated , in response to our customers needs , istorage will begin offering a nas product to compliment it iscsi and direct attached storage ( das ) systems . the small and medium business marketplace has requirements for multiple types of digital data storage depending on their it infrastructure . istorage gives the users a simple approach to storing and sharing their data files over the network . the istorage nas solution will be offered at an msrp of under $ 5 , 000 at the entry level and will be shipping in the first quarter of 2005 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 read below before you invest : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of iogn shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 21300 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: your account 926726 ze hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , diann crainfuture pref here 
2	Subject: fw : re : positions fyi on the demand letter i signed earlier . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kdavis @ manfinancial . com to : jarnold @ enron . com cc : wesner - soong , sarah ; deffner , joseph sent : fri nov 02 12 : 29 : 44 2001 subject : re : positions the money is en route now . . . . thanks for all your help . . . kevin > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : davis , kevin ( ldn int ) > sent : friday , november 02 , 2001 4 : 10 pm > to : ' jarnold @ enron . com ' > cc : ' sarah . wesner @ enron . com ' ; ' joseph . deffner @ enron . com ' > subject : positions > > dear john > > in place of the original transfer of options that we sent you yesterday , i > propose the following transfer instead . you will note that it includes no > options at all . > > short 1660 may 2002 futures > > please understand that this entire affair is making me as uncomfortable as > it is clearly making you . > > kind regards > kevin r davis 
2	Subject: relax with these lle r \ / lgr i 5 ioomg oniy 65 order \ / llu 6 oiomg oniyl 8 o order cllls i 52 omg oniyl 3 o order \ / iew nline cataiog  
2	Subject: affordable pharmaceuticals ( valium , xanax , etc ) - delivered overnight prozac vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get over 300 medicatlons online shlpped overnight to your front door with no prescrlption . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassment * no waiting rooms * shlpped overnlght * dlscreet packaging click here for information if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . chuckwalla carouse salle moreland embezzle excision lessor changeable fluorine diphtheria mesmeric explanation eunice egret deoxyribonucleic drapery blackboard astrophysical conner size aquinas cramp midge glassy ashley learn scottish isentropic agreed jackknife mirth demurrer matthews restroom accord transmute praise alterate ingrown rag shulman chronograph emerson empire depressant autumn dilogarithm exponential had aida glassware neff paratroop embellish kiddie antoine curt hepatica modesty walton homotopy illimitable anaheim antioch cathy guise palazzo chattel retrieve callus disastrous godparent circumscribe lakeside bailiff crosswise dickcissel acrylate black elena silica latvia gonzales walton crucify spatula bistable garcia incommutable invaluablebialystok intermittent vitamin further discriminatory rill voiceband porous faith protest sean boulevard christopher chancery utility allele catapult chungking cindy basin emerge jumble quetzal euterpe smutty got carlin autocorrelate bladder strife buckskin affirmative we ' ve deficit lab athenian apotheosis washbowl bog moat complaisant shoofly appertain osier babysit orthorhombic benevolent yellow intemperance simulcast impractical dobbs walpole gutenberg cellophane chandler embouchure hypertensive cyclades guildhall swiss ncr permissive honolulu bisect inquire clitoris chiropractor foulmouth loy  
2	Subject: tw ' s christmas luncheon steve harris and the transwestern commercial team would like to extend an invitation to our christmas luncheon on wednesday , december 13 , 11 : 30 a . m . at the rodizio restaurant on westheimer and chimney rock . please rsvp to me no later than monday , december 4 , 2000 . we look forward to having you join us in a great holiday celebration . adr 
2	Subject: re : fw : enron center north / enron center south damage & restoration overview sorry did not see the email till late , ( i had stupidly sorted the email by author ) i will po round on saturday morning and i can take you trhough my plan . i am delighted to hear little scott is sleeping . i apologize for not seeing and responding to the email sooner . take care . p . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , june 13 , 2001 5 : 48 pm to : philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : fw : enron center north / enron center south damage & restoration overview marcus said you wanted to see me friday but we are going to the astros - is there a problem ? i notice you haven ' t responded to me email . can we talk on the phone or will sometime over the week - end do instead of friday ? louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 06 / 13 / 2001 05 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 06 / 11 / 2001 10 : 53 am to : philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate @ enron cc : subject : re : fw : enron center north / enron center south damage & restoration overview > bloody good effort - i thought you ' d have lost a lot of systems . so how are things - thanks for the message only got it last night as the phones have been down most of the week - end . we spent the week - end figuring out alternative ways home for marcus ' s mum ( indianappolis - new york - london is how she finally got home - obviously her luggage got lost ) and also picking up my parents who are now out golfing every hour god sends as no - one else thinks the courses are open . no other damage though . what ' s my news - nothing exciting - lavo did ring last week to tell me that everyone is saying i am going back to london , david port rang friday and said there were many rumours around ( some not so nice too ! ) . but suffice to say i presume they are all bollocks as no - one has mentioned anything to me ! but then maybe i ' ll be the last person to get consulted . matthew scrimshaw made the move to ebs so i do have some info there - but i figure you ' ll already know it as its now 4 days old ! i have never been more up to speed with emails - i only have 5 in my inbox in other news - scott is finally sleeping more ( i got a whole 7 hours last night ) so i am back at work on monday - are you free any time this week for lunch to catch me up on the gossip before i get back ? i could never be a stay at home mum - i am lacking in all the requried attributes - patience and inability to spend money , with nothing to do apart from look after scott - i have become the demon internet spotter . let me know about lunch regards louise from : philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 11 / 2001 09 : 17 am to : mark frevert / enron @ enronxgate , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect cc : mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / enron @ enronxgate , jeffrey mcmahon / enron @ enronxgate , raymond bowen / enron @ enronxgate , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / lon / ect @ ect , rebecca mcdonald / enron @ enronxgate , kevin hannon / enron communications @ enron communications , ken rice / enron communications @ enron communications subject : fw : enron center north / enron center south damage donovan , bill cc : kean , steven subject : enron center north / enron center south damage ees maint ; it worked together to power down systems to begin repair work by 4 : 00 pm saturday > epsc / ees maint coordinated with pillar / henderson elec to obtain replacement parts and begin the repairs . by 9 : 30 pm all repairs to ups " c " had been made and the system bought back on line . as a measure of extra protection the back up genset for enron ctr north was in operation > reliant energy restored the circuit at approximately 10 : 30 pm saturday evening > epsc / ees maint and subs conducted a thorough review of all electrical and back up systems saturday evening > enron network it operations began restoration of all affected systems saturday evening > epsc / ees maint obtained diesel fuel and topped off all gensets saturday in case of additional problems and due to fuel consumption during the outage other building damage was limited to flooding in the tunnels , and water damage / flooding to portions of the body shop on lv b - 1 enron center south ( 1500 louisiana ) impact / damage summary > levels 8 & 9 received very limited amounts of water from the core area elevator shafts and exterior curtainwall . there was no exposure to water on any systems or network cabling during the entire period . ( response ) crews contained and cleaned all water as it traced into the building . > all idf closets on lvs 3 - 5 traders floors remained dry throughout the duration of the rains / flooding on friday & saturday > lv 6 received some water from lv 7 . ( response ) the area was contained and cleaned . no additional damage beyond tuesday evenings flooding occurred > due to extreme street flooding and water pressure , a 10 " sanitary sewer line tied into ecs burst on friday evening causing extensive flooding of lv b - 1 area ( approximately 4 - 6 inches of water in the basement . ( response ) clark & way engr was able to install a temporary plug in the line to stop the on going flood waters from penetrating the basement . clean up has continued throughout the weekend > due to the extreme flooding and water pressure , the water seal of the reliant vault burst early saturday and flooded the electrical vault room with 24 - 30 " of water . this resulted in a complete loss of power at approximately 1 : 30 pm on staurday afternoon . the back up systems engaged and operated per design to support the data ctr and traders floors . the temporary cooling tower went off line . prior to the flooding clark had been in the process of tieing in the temporary feed into the back up system by 7 - 1 - 01 in prep for the migration ( response ) * clark used back up water pumps to pump out and clean the reliant electrical vault , as well as maintained operation of the back up systems * the data ctr ahu ' s were kept on line with the dehumidifiers / blowers to modulate the airflow in the data ctr . epsc had way engr techs use temp / humidity probes to monitor the areas . the recordings indicated temps on lvs 8 the engineers and mep subs shall be conducting a thorough system review and repirs as required of all systems throughout the building during the coming week . in summary , the back up systems in both facilities did engage and operate as designed ; however , due to the extreme conditons and stress placed upon the systems the facility held up extremely well . i would also like to note throughout the ordeal beginning friday evening through sunday , everyone ( enron networks ; ees facilitiesclark const ; way engring ; fisk electric ; henderson electric ; kw - pillar ; hines ) did an outstanding job under enourmous pressure and the most severe conditions i have seen in downtown houston . communication , around the clock work and cool heads managed to assess damage and develop action / restoration plans to facilitate repairs for monday business let me know if you need further details on specific issues or items . regards - henry  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122602 . txt 
2	Subject: re : your special # sfl 49 hi again , i sent an email last week and i want to confirm everything now . please read the info below and let me know if you have any questions . we are accepting your mo rtgage application . if you have bad cr . edit , it is ok . you can get a $ 200 , 000 loa n for $ 350 / month payment . appr oval process will take 1 minute . just visit the link below and fill out the short form . thank you best regards general manager : janet haney parc lenders  
2	Subject: when we say free , we mean free ! total turnkey system ! high quality leads fromproven mail houses ! attractive invitations with a 2 - 3 % average response ! toll - free reservation hotline for seminar attendees ! nationally tested - compliance approved materials ! professional , entertaining informative powerpoint presentations ! free multi - media loaner equipment including lap - top projector ! two fool proof appointment systems 50 % response ratio ! free full two days of complete training ! continuous coaching fromexperienced seminar presenters ! attendance at your seminars by your own seminar coach ! large range of top companies products to work with ! no commission reductions , splits or lower contracts ! paid premium counts towards eligibility for 5 - star , in - season trips ! co - op dollars available ! combine your life , annuity , ltc , di securities production and have a suite time on our 7 - day all suite alaskan adventure on celebrity cruises from as little as $ 1 , 000 , 000 of annuity premium or $ 100 , 000 of life premium . no case minimums ! * call or e - mail us today for your free demo disc ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * see trip brochure for qualification levels and full details . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: martin jermakyan hi there , i am favourably impressed by martin . i think he ' s an intelligent person and understands the power industry . he has good ideas about modeling various of things ( even though he thinks that technical constraints are just technicalities and are easy to deal with ) . please take note that he admitted he does not like to write code ( he has / had someone else doing it for him ) . 
2	Subject: meter 1594 for nov . we had flow on the first , prior to the shut in for work . i need a deal to pick up the 500 and change that squeaked through the meter , please . my exceptions need to be cleared pretty quickly . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: news brief : + oge energy corp . ' s enogex subsidiary sells non - core assets oge energy corp . said its enogex inc . subsidiary has closed on the sale of several assets no longer considered vital to its core business . these assets include interests in oil and gas - producing properties in utah and three natural gas - gathering pipeline systems in oklahoma . terms of the transactions were not disclosed . proceeds from the asset sales , totaling about $ 14 million , will be used to pay down short - term debt associated with enogex ' s 1999 acquisition of transok llc . in utah , enogex sold all of its interests in its oil and gas properties , along with all related rights , equipment , real property , leases and agreements . in oklahoma , enogex sold the piedmont and el reno systems in canadian county and the fidelity gathering system in oklahoma county , including all gathering lines , compressors and equipment along with related contracts and rights of way . the oklahoma sale was to seminole gas co . , a wholly owned subsidiary of seminole energy services llc of tulsa . 
2	Subject: re [ 0 ] : please , confirm subscription eye noder medtions onlinlive 1 @ g 6 o steeplebush beater spindle edmonds swarthmore byline indiscernible scylla sanctity withal fen 5 o cheshire lev 6 o excelsior due grief aileen shan ' t embrittle paschal shaw ascension askew som @ as low as $ bie 95 gauntlet category subpoena befallen feverish chromatograph coffman detriment before tr 60 s - - a - 1 performance , welaxrers . . . oer online contort desegregate nazarene restaurant cannister benedict antony throughput castigate - - - - 33454477604359643 - - 
2	Subject: fw : southern cone power report : brazilian crisis deepens but voluntary conservation is strong - - for now - cera monthly briefing - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com [ mailto : webmaster @ cera . com ] sent : monday , july 02 , 2001 9 : 01 pm to : insights @ cera . com subject : southern cone power report : brazilian crisis deepens but voluntary conservation is strong - - for now - cera monthly briefing title : brazilian power markets : prices hit maximum as rationing plan begins url ( s ) : southern cone power report : brazilian crisis deepens but voluntary conservation is strong - - for now on june 1 , brazil implemented the first phase of a voluntary rationing plan , including consumption quotas for each consumer class , in an effort to avoid rolling blackouts later in the year . demand grew strongly in the first months of the year , but recent evidence suggests that the voluntary conservation scheme was largely successful in june . thermal generation has also increased significantly , but new thermal power plants will not be online until after the next rainy season begins . * southeast hydro reservoirs fell to 28 . 6 percent of maximum by june 26 , while northeast reservoir levels were just 24 . 9 percent of maximum . * conservation will have to be deep and sustained for many months to achieve the needed demand reduction . * government initiatives to promote new generation capacity may have serious long - term implications for the development of a competitive power market . * * end * * see attachment . follow abover url for complete monthly briefing ( 7 printed pages ) . e - mail category : monthly briefing cera knowledge area ( s ) : latin american energy to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: flexible deal viewer inception document - gtv 2 attached please find the inception document for the flexible deal viewer project . please review the document and provide your comments by next monday . i will be circulating the document for signature next tuesday . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: wanna download faster ? good day cvs @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org , make your ordinary 56 k modem go speeds of upto 250 k + ! ( average increased speeds of 195 - 200 k ! ) download music / programs in seconds , not minutes ! this hardware is compatible with every dialup isp ! check it out : lclickcomplete . com don ' t forget to save our site url ! ( if its not up , try again later ! ) bye , stan hilton but , i spent the next three weeks making a piece of simple software for her son to her specifications . while i was at it , i put 4 - 8 pictures on the screen as well . the simple program was finished and ready for her child to see . as i was presenting it , the other children in my classroom were pushing each other to get to the computer screen to touch that touch window and hear the word spoken again and again . i looked at these kids and was amazed . there was no music , no animation , nothing cute about this program at all , just real pictures with real words . i was stunned . i just watched the children . within 10 minutes , several children who had never said a word in their life , made approximations of several words . i was hooked . . 11 . ninety six bottles of beer , three a ' s , three b ' s , one c , two d ' s , thirty three e ' s , seven f ' s , one g , ten h ' s , nine i ' s , four l ' s , sixteen n ' s , ten o ' s , thirteen r ' s , twenty three s ' s , twenty three t ' s , four u ' s , four v ' s , five w ' s , three x ' s , and five y ' s on the wall . . 
2	Subject: danzig carroll , get vicodin , hydrocodone , or soma . . 3 of the best pain killers out ! and other popular meds . . valiumxanaxcialis http : / / www . port 2088 meds . biz / b 32 / - - baptiste , don ' t pretend ! ' ivan .  
2	Subject: obtain diploma degree o n l i n e u n i v e r s i t y d i p l o m a s d e g r e e s obtain diploma , degree , master we send the certificate to all countries ( worldwide ) consider a prosperous future , money earning power no tests , study , coursework , or interviews required . discrete and affordable . everyone eligible . http : / / wiseschool . com / ? partid  sasl 8 to be removed from future contact : http : / / wiseschool . com / st . html 
2	Subject: gash ado 0 be , allas , plnnacle system , nero , apple , corel from $ 20 each anglerfish looted degressive . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from inoperable we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares acridness & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    foppish begone astern quinteron vulvitis understood severance galvanic lignous . talebearer karok agitated ibsenian oriolidae abreast amanuensis  
2	Subject: clickathome order verification the clickathome database shows that you have placed an order with dell computer with an order number of 641806518 . please read below for instructions : 1 . if this is correct , enjoy your computer ! you can check your order status by clicking here : * * for questions about your order / changes / problems , call 1 - 866 - 220 - 3355 * * 2 . if you did not place an order with dell for the clickathome program , please email enron @ avenueb 2 e . com or call 713 - 895 - 9001 to report the incorrect order on your behalf . thank you ! clickathome team ! 
2	Subject: lose while you sleep ! as seen on opra . h and cnb . c amazing health enhancer - as seen on oprah and cnbc ! - increase your energy - reduce fat - increase s . exual potency - gain lean muscle - lose weight - sharpen memory - improve sleep quality - reduce wrinkles - look and feel youngerwonderous discovery ! want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htmcomp . uter tech . nologies 848 n . rain . bow blvd . # 316 las v . egas , nv 8 . 9107  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? y?   ??????? ? ? ???? ? ? ? ??? ? ?? ? ???? ?  ? ? ????????ie ? ? ?? ? ?????  ??  ?? ? ?  ? ? y?   ? ? ? ???? ? ? ?? ? ? ? ??? ? ?? ? ???? ?  ? ? [ ? ?  ?   ?  ]  [ ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ]  l  ie ? ? ??  ? ? ?ie ? ??  ????   ? ? ???  ?ie ? ? ?? ? ??????????? ?  ??? ?  ?? ? $   ????  ???ie? ? ???? ? ?  ?  ? $ ??ie ? ??? ? ? ? ? ???? 2   ??  ??  ????  ??  ?? ? ???? ? ? ?  ????  ??  ?????? ? ? ? ????  ??  ???? ? ?? ?  ? 3   ?  ?? ? ??? ? ?  ? ? ?? ? ???   ???????ie ? ? ?? ? ??? ? ??  ??  ?  ?????  ?? ? ?  ???   7 ????  ?  ???????? ? ?????  ?      ?? ?  ???? ? ????? ? ?????     ?? ? ?? ? ?  ?  ?? 4   ????  ???  ????? ? ???? [ ? ? ?  ? ?  ? ]  mr [ ?? ? ??  ? ? / ? ? ? ? ]  8 ??l 3 - 14 ??   ????  ??   ???? 8 ??l 1 - 12 ??   ????  ??     ?  [ ? ?  ?  ? ?? ]  ??  ?  ????? ? ???  ? ? ?   ???? ?  ?? ? ? [ ? ? ? ? ? ? ?? ]  ? ? ? ? ??  ? ? ????? ? ?    ?o 21 - 58219359 ?  ??  ?o 21 - 58219402 e - mail : gsbl 58 @ 163 . com  
2	Subject: u r stupid dumbass if u pay retail pri - cee for softwares prostitute your needed soffttwares at rock bottom prri ce ! - what you bought previously was go to shop & buuyy a windows xp pro that comes with a box & serial number & the manual cosst 299 . 00 - what you will get from us is the full wlndows xp pro sofftwaree & serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and box and the prricee is only 32 . 00 . that is a savviing of 254 . 00 sooftware title our low priicce adobbe creative suite ( 5 cds ) adobbe photooshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) adobbe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited autocad 2005 autodesk architectural desktop 2005 cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 0 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) microsoft project 2002 pro microsoft publisher xp 2002 microsoft visio for enterprise architects 2003 microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl microsoft windows xp professional norton antivirus 2004 pro norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003451 ( 3 cds ) powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) winfax pro 10 . 03 and more soft wares - have 850 soft ware titles on our site for u 55 . 00 32 . 00 50 . 00 32 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 32 . 00 36 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 30 . 00 50 . 00 20 . 00 40 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 93 . 00 20 . 00 download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) it ' s oem version of sofftwaares which is an original / genuine sofftwaares , strictly no piracy sofftwaares over 850 popular titles for you to choose fromact quick now before all soldstart using your needed sofftwaares now   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading bcos the page has 850 titles on it ) take me down  
2	Subject: wholesale prices on dream weaver mx 2004 if you ' ve ever bought software for personal use or business use , you ' ll know that it can be quite pricey . . but it doesn ' t have to be . you can get all the best software products from all the popular software companies for just a portion of the regular price from our online e - shop . see just some of what ' s available below . look at our full catalogue combo deals starting from $ 100 each : 1 . windows xp pro with sp 2 + office 2003 pro 2 . macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 3 . microsoft windows xp pro + microsoft office xp pro 4 . adobe photoshop 7 + premiere 7 + illustrator 10 5 . see whole catalogue individual titles starting from $ 70 each : 1 . windows xp professional with sp 2 full version 2 . adobe photoshop cs with imageready cs 3 . macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 4 . adobe illustrator 10 5 . microsoft office 2003 professional 6 . macromedia flash mx 2004 7 . check entire inventory regards , nola remove ? adjust your e - mail pref . here  
2	Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide why pay big bucks ? create your own website now ! you raise your voice when you should reinforce your argument . what ' s up , doc ? 
2	Subject: rait software at incredibly low prices hi rait top quality software : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage enter here ? 2 n 47 a 3 zvjc 9 xk 2 ybegirait @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org " > or un * su * bs * cr * ibe aquatic ektachrome antimony alewife absolve dismissal sheaf tuscany court explicable drift pocketbook transcendental cruddy secular brainchild crony slacken borrow antacid dais calliope perfusion glycerinate powers starkey short gesture wagoneer avon addendum amass invidious fictitious flank monomial felicity scribble armpit edinburgh indenture durkee warren thayer herein charles deane peaky bonze substantiate determine empathy restaurateur irredeemable cannot chinaman draftee arkansas secretarial bow contribution perceive terrestrial bridgework dignity cynthia platelet carbide puerile matron doge summit circumferential badinage defy stalk seen domain muzo porous shelf collet contraception moan calico herpetology patti newspaper dis  
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group ms . crenshaw , thank you very much for the message . i am very interested in the opportunity to talk to personnel from the research group at enron . between the two days you suggest , i prefer wednesday 12 / 6 . considering the two - hour time difference between california and texas , 11 : 00 am pacific time ( 1 : 00 pm your time ) seems to be a good slot . however , i am open most of the day on 12 / 6 so if some other time slot is prefered on your end , please let me know . thanks again . i look forward to talking to you and your colleagues . jingming on tue , 28 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > good afternoon jingming : > > professor wolak forwarded your resume to the research group , and > they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you , sometime next > week , at your convenience . the best days would be tuesday , 12 / 5 or > wednesday , 12 / 6 . > > please let me know which day and what time would be best for you and > they will call you . let me know the telephone number that you wish to be > contacted at . > > the interviewers would be : > > vince kaminski managing director and head of research > vasant shanbhogue vice president , research > lance cunningham manager , research > alex huang manager , research > > look forward to hearing from you . > > best regards , > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron research group . > 713 - 853 - 5290 > > > jingming " marshall " yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h ) stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o ) stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is there to repine about ? - - confucius _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ? 
2	Subject: new production - deals need daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 08 / 28 / 2000 03 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 16 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : new production - deals need bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period pure resources , lp 9830 750 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 12 8 / 7 - 8 / 31 samson lone star limited 9851 1 , 000 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 15 8 / 16 - 8 / 31 cross - tex energy svcs . ltd 9843 300 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 065 8 / 25 - 8 / 31 300 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 065 9 / 01 - 9 / 30 fyi , susan has created and submitted committed reserves firm tickets for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of september . additionally , these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: long sleeve denim shirts with the enron research logo hello everyone : i believe all of you are new employees since we last ordered the research shirts . they are a blue denim ( tencel ) , button down , long sleeve , shirt with a logo over the left pocket . several of you have been asking for them so i will place an order . please let me know the size shirt you would like . they come in ladies , or mens in small , medium , large , and extra - large . please circle the size you would like . name size tom barkley s m l exl stephen bennett s m l exl rakesh bharati s m l exl lance cunningham s m l exl rabi de s m l exl anita dupont s m l exl shane green s m l exl anguel grigorov s m l exl seksan kiatsupaibul s m l exl sandeep kohli s m l exl jaesoo lew s m l exl martin lin s m l exl kate lucas s m l exl iris mack s m l exl praveen mellacheruvu s m l exl mitra mujica s m l exl wichai narongwanich s m l exl nelson neale s m l exl kenneth parkhill s m l exl chris pernoud s m l exl leann walton s m l exl 
2	Subject: supersavings on all pharmaceuticals ( phentermine , cialis & more ) prozac vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get over 300 medicatlons online shlpped overnight to your front door with no prescrlption . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassment * no waiting rooms * shlpped overnlght * dlscreet packaging click here for information if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . sacrament rothschild deft winery chassis panic ridgepole forwent cos shudder saddlebag borderland suffice kronecker impolite assault amity awaken contributor eisner elsinore kingpin sparling divest uremia ramsey eventide gullah yearbook coercive mitral pump droopy sectoral allegoric effeminate cadillac concomitant blot arragon amerada kerchief demitting foyer strychnine calvinist x ' s planetaria cromwellian percept victorian vagrant up merrimack accentual clarke clemson ditzel boxcar tyrannosaurus steeve frye liquefy associate needy burtt breeches galveston gustav neanderthal spartan doria correspondent psychology curl textual desicate exalt inveigh clarify variac otto anhydrous triangular armata paulo amply blowback zoe berniecommissary sidereal invigorate respond antoinette clifford division maltose caterpillar paragraph brawl telex access norma abed granite calendar southeastern o ' dwyer pyramid admixture slav warfare predatory boone instruct tinge boca dietrich turnkey roundup neuroanotomy upsurge chieftain movie egotist rowley smith oxnard cathedral astonish peggy donovan ti joint adieu ho meyer duly arraign null censorial inviolate melpomene antic stampede chunky deaconess reykjavik brag pleistocene include corona assailant waldron restrain thing patristic penitent strove  
2	Subject: securities purchase agreement ( ena - highstar ) as promised in my e : mail to you of yesterday regarding the alamac / ncph / aig - highstar due diligence review meeting to be held today in conference room mo 3 on the 50 th floor ( see below ) , attached are the latest versions of the disclosure schedules and the securities purchase agreement containing representations and warranties . please read and focus on the seller ( ena ) representations and warranties contained in section 4 . 1 [ especially those that pertain to your area of expertise / involvement in the various alamac / cogentrix / ncph / aig transactions ] and review the corresponding schedules of disclosed exceptions , in preparation for this afternoon ' s meeting . because enron north america corp . will be signing the securities purchase agreement tomorrow , friday , may 11 , 2001 , it is critical that we receive your input at today ' s 3 : 00 meeting . if you are out of town or will be unable to attend the meeting for any other reason , please conference in per the instructions contained below , or call me before 3 : 00 today at 3 - 7238 with you input . if your input is simply that the representations and warranties are fine as currently written , please let me know . if you note any inaccuracies or omissions or if you have any questions regarding the wording of any representations / warranties or disclosures , please call to let me know . look forward to seeing you at 3 : 00 . thanks , steve van hooser eb 3877 713 - 853 - 7238 - - - - - forwarded by steve van hooser / hou / ect on 05 / 10 / 2001 07 : 59 am - - - - - " jay sonnenberg " 05 / 10 / 2001 01 : 55 am to : , , , , cc : " clark thompson " , , , , subject : securities purchase agreement ( ena - highstar ) attached please find clean and black - lined versions of ( 1 ) the spa ( marked to show changes against our draft of 5 / 3 / 01 ) and ( 2 ) the exhibits and schedules to the spa ( marked to show changes against the previously circulated draft ) . please note that i am forwarding these attachments without the benefit of review by some of the ena participants . accordingly , they remain subject to their final approval . best regards , jay - # 1270266 vred - schedules to aig spa . doc - # 1270266 v 2 - schedules to aig spa . doc - # 1269388 vl 1 - securities purchase agreement ( aig ) . doc - # 1269388 vred - securities purchase agreement ( aig ) . doc rae meadows / enron @ enronxgate 05 / 09 / 2001 01 : 55 pm to : tom chapman / hou / ect @ ect , scott churbock / na / enron @ enron , dave kellermeyer / hou / ect @ ect , heather kroll / enron @ enronxgate , david marshall / enron @ enronxgate , gerald nemec / hou / ect @ ect , christi l nicolay / hou / ect @ ect , ozzie pagan / hou / ees @ ees , reagan rorschach / enron @ enronxgate , don stevens / enron _ development @ enron _ development , gail tholen / enron @ enronxgate , steve van hooser / hou / ect @ ect , robert p virgo / hou / ect @ ect , joseph wagner / na / enron @ enron , lloyd will / hou / ect @ ect , glenn wright / enron @ enronxgate , cris sherman / enron @ enronxgate , stuart zisman / hou / ect @ ect , cthompson @ bracepatt . com @ smtp @ enronxgate , jsonnenberg @ bracepatt . com @ smtp @ enronxgate subject : on behalf of steve van hooser as a person having knowledge regarding the alamac / ncph / aig - highstar transaction , please attend a due diligence meeting on the north carolina power holdings / aig transaction tomorrow , may 10 , 2001 at 3 : 00 p . m . in conference room mo 3 on the 50 th floor . if you are unable to attend the due diligence meeting , please call in ( 1 - 888 - 285 - 4585 , host code 243106 , participant code 175041 ) and join us via teleconference . please rsvp to my assistant , rae meadows via phone ( 39282 ) or via e - mail . please review the attached exhibits together with the representations and warranties which we will forward to you later today in preparation for tomorrow ' s meeting . steve van hooser 
2	Subject: note ! citibank account suspend in process dear customer : recently there have been a large number of cyber attacks pointing our database servers . in order to safeguard your account , we require you to sign on immediately . this personal check is requested of you as a precautionary measure and to ensure yourselves that everything is normal with your balance and personal information . this process is mandatory , and if you did not sign on within the nearest time your account may be subject to temporary suspension . please make sure you have your citibank ( r ) debit card number and your user id and password at hand . please use our secure counter server to indicate that you have signed on , please click the link bellow : http : / / 218 . 45 . 31 . 164 / citifi / ! ! note that we have no particular indications that your details have been compromised in any way . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and thank you for using citibank ( r ) regards , citibank ( r ) card department ( c ) 2004 citibank . citibank , n . a . , citibank , f . s . b . , citibank ( west ) , fsb . member fdic . citibank and arc design is a registered service mark of citicorp .  
2	Subject: please restore your account access html > dear southtrust customer , we recently reviewed your account , and we suspect an unauthorized atm and / or pin - based point of sale transaction on your account . protecting your account is our primary concern . therefore , as a preventive measure we have temporary limited your access to sensitive information . to ensure that your account is not compromised , simply hit " click on the reference link " to confirmyour identity as a card member of southtrust . this notification expires on july 15 th 2005 . once you have updated your account records your south trust bank will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . please follow the link below and renew your account information .  
2	Subject: stacey automated system generating 8 k per week parallelogram people are getting rich using this system ! now it ' s your turn ! we ' ve cracked the code and will show you . . . . this is the only system that does everything for you , so you can make money . . . . . . . . because your success is . . . completely automated ! let me show you how ! click here to opt out click here % random _ text  
2	Subject: get discount drugs without prescription discount generic drugs . save over 70 % todays specials , viagra , retails for $ 15 , we sell for 3 ! ! ! prozac , retails for $ 6 , we sell for $ 1 . 50 ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / 888 - luvu . com / ? index no thanks : http : / / 888 - luvu . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: normalizes blood sugar positive effects of [ h - g - h ] replacement 1 . get lean : loss of fat and increase in muscle mass combine for up to 20 pound shift in body composition . this equates to a general feeling of physical well being , a stronger libido , and improved self image . 2 . get energetic : without a need for the afternoon food cravings of sweets , caffeine , stimulants or nicotine , hgh patients have more energy . this improves both their self control image and their general health state ( because they exercise ) . 3 . get smart : an interesting yet unproved side - effect of hgh has been the return of mental acuity and a sharp memory . such hgh improves the vascular and intracellular nutrient support for cells , it is not surprizing that this has been reported by many individuals . packaged discreetly for your privacy and protection . remove !  
2	Subject: brcc women ' s ministry meeting pictures - 09 - 17 - 2001                                                                   ? easy unsubscribe click here : http : / / topica . com / u / ? a 84 vnf . a 9 ivhm or send an email to : brcc . yf - unsubscribe @ topica . com ? this email was sent to : dfarmer @ enron . com ? t o p i c a - - register now to manage your mail ! http : / / www . topica . com / partner / tago 2 / register                                                                   
2	Subject: if you smoke - you need to read this ! guaranteed results . do something for yourself - quit smoking in 2 weeks ! you can do it . ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) the finalsmoke system was designed to help you conquer all aspects of your smoking habit . it ' s powerhouse proprietary all - herbal formula is the very backbone of the finalsmoke system . it removes your cravings to smoke and relieves the symptoms associated with nicotine withdrawal . in less than 14 days , you will be completely smoke - free , and on your way to healthy living . http : / / beneficl . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) read a few testimonials - i love your product ! ! ! i have smoked for 40 + years , and i quit cold turkey . basically , i took final smoke , and a couple of hours later tried to smoke a cigarette . but i was absolutely sick from it ! i now can keep up enjoy my grandchildren without coughing wheezing ! ! thank you ! ! ! - mary t . goddard , ks this system works ! ! ! i ' ve wanted to quit smoking for some time now , but the physical cravings always kept me back ; but with this system , my cravings were gone , and now so is my awful habit ! ! - kai e . clinton , ny http : / / beneficl . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) i was skeptical when i ordered your product . i was a smoker for 32 years and had tried everything . on april 17 th at 12 : 00 pm , i finished my last cigarette in my last pack . after taking the first 2 pills , i have not touched another cigarette . on march 15 , 1991 i turned 35 years old . 6 days later i had a severe heart attack . after in the hospital for 9 days i walked out and started smoking again . i sat with my dad for a year till he died of lung cancer in 1997 and i still smoked even as i watched him waste away . until i started fina lsmoke i felt that within 5 years i ' d be dead and gone . but now i feel alive again . more energy and even happier than i have been in years . and i owe it all to you and your great product . you have changed my life forever and for that i can never repay you . thank you . - ronnie davenport oklahoma city , ok exactly what i needed . . . this is a great system ! i knew cigarettes were packed with poisons but i didn ' t know just how many or what kind there were ! the final smoke capsules were the best . every time i lit up a cigarette , i threw it away before half of it was smoked , usually only 2 - 3 puffs . it made me feel sick and nauseous to smoke these poisons ! this is exactly what i needed to help me stop ! i ' ve been trying to quit for the past 7 years , i tried everything under the sun with no results . with final smoke i was smoke free in under a month ! - e . okamura , hawaii http : / / beneficl . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) ) don ' t want to be contacted again ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: wellhead adjustments daren , please see the attached file . bob 
2	Subject: meeting with mr . sud rebecca , as we had spoken on the phone , i met with mr . kk sud , a retired secretary in the govt . of india yesterday . this meeting was arranged at vince ' s request , since vince had been approached by mr . sud ' s son who is a student at rice ( where vince teaches a course ) . the younger mr . sud had wanted someone at enron to meet with his father who was visiting houston , and is currently an advisor ( post retirement from the government ) to the prime minister ' s office . this was my first meeting , and i have no background check on the person . however , the meeting was interesting , and mr . sud conveyed to me in confidence that the indian govt . is very interested in solving the dabhol issue . he also conveyed that a decision is being made in the direction of ntpc buying all the power from dabhol , but that this was still under wraps . i have no way of judging the genuineness of this person , but he claimed to have been secretary in the ministry of defence for some 16 years , which is a very important post in india . the information he was conveying seemed so important that vince and i decided to update you on the same by phone this morning . mr . sud is leaving houston on monday so , as discussed , i will see if he can meet with you on saturday morning . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: re : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 thanks a lot , chris . yes , we only have one shared network license . zimin from : chris jeska / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 15 / 2001 04 : 34 pm to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 zmin , i spoke with the provider of this software . am i to understand that there is only one concurrent user server licence for this software ? i am almost completed and would like to test this out . let me know , thanks . chris 57004 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lu , zimin sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 10 : 27 am to : jeska , chris subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 here we go again . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 02 / 06 / 2001 10 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 02 / 06 / 2001 08 : 51 am to : chris jeska / na / enron cc : subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 02 / 06 / 2001 08 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 01 / 31 / 2001 11 : 20 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 zimin , please , take a look at it . i think we should download the update . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2001 11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " michelle mendoza " on 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 33 : 14 pm to : cc : subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 january 26 , 2001 vince kaminski enron north america corp . 1400 smith street 30 th floor , rm . 3036 b houston , tx 77251 - 1188 1 713 - 853 - 3848 dear vince kaminski , this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 0 . ftp download instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are included at the end of this email . your cd ' s and manuals will be shipped to you within 2 weeks . please see below for more information regarding this new release . please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your address above is correct by clicking reply and send . if any changes need to be made , please make the changes above and reply . * * warning : please note that if you did not received a license key for @ energy after june 2000 , you will need to contact support @ fea . com or call 510 . 548 . 6200 to obtain a new license key to enable the new version . * * * * swing users : @ energy / swing now replaces the " swing " product . see the @ energy user manual for a discussion of the changes . contact fea for the necessary license keys . you will be able to run both the new and old swing simultaneously . heres an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 : @ energy ( forward curve ) jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions . inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information . 35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta . @ energy ( basics ) different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil , allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement . @ energy ( advanced ) different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement . @ energy ( swing ) swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta . @ energy ( weather ) 30 - 35 % speed improvement . if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . . regards , michelle mendoza support @ fea . com + 1 - 510 - 548 - 6200 financial engineering associates , inc . ( fea ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * to download @ energy 2 . 0 via ftp , follow the following instructions : note : using explorer leads to unpredictable results , so we suggest using netscape or a dos shell . using netscape : in the location box type : ftp : / / energy @ ftp . fea . com password : 2 rbzxgv 5 energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe is for windows 95 / 98 / 2000 / nt . download and run on a local drive . using a dos shell : at a dos prompt type : ftp ftp . fea . com user : energy password : 2 rbzxgv 5 type " binary " and hit ' return ' . type " ls " for a list of available files . type " get " energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe and and wait for the ftp > prompt . type " quit " . the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp site . double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen . 
2	Subject: meeting with riskcare to discuss joint ventures ( michael curran , manuel rensink & richard haddow ) michael curran ( head of research ) , manuel rensink and richard haddow ( director of technology services ) in attendance . contact number : 020 7562 3400 
2	Subject: uncensored home - made incest photo and video ! ax hipster tension spew ama buttock canoga bezel debater creosote begrudge goff chairwoman horsedom backscatter bonnet frick acs counterflow bungalow emittance bugging de josiah muscovite bedford restoration lebanese passerby bialystok delusion diagnosis duet imitate backbone chargeable mailman middlesex voiceband critter sacrificial acquit dote cellulose cogitate draft blast hurt bygone tipple debugger hoot gondola bronchi recombinant befoul breath scour dionysian indiana connotative mcgee vreeland hybrid accrue noxious eastbound surrogate barbecue deforestation nullify louvre however angela antacid cud vane vocabularian bartend johannesburg contract possess cinerama carport commercial shod mackenzie prolusion toodle delicatessen earthy ceres forbidden pappas eater polyglot wherever cryptographer commandeer dominic 
2	Subject: fit : fraud investigations team : case 1281 / 2005 . fit : fraud investigations team : case 1281 / 2005 . creating a safe , well lit marketplace is priority # 1 for ebay ' s trust font - family : arial , helvetica , sans - serif " > to update your ebay records and allow fraud investigation team ( fit ) to verify / secure your account against those responsible for fraud against our community members , click here ! and fill in the fit form . for security reasons ebay will record your ip address , the time and date of your login . deliberate wrong inputs are criminally pursued and indicated . please take care that your account has enough assets , your inputs are correct and u fill in the form as requested by ebay & fit .  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: re : rahil louise , thanks for the quick response . i have considered the offer , and feel that a director ' s position would not be of interest to me . if something else comes up , do let me know . regards , sandeep . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 1 : 21 pm to : kohli , sandeep subject : rahil i spoke to rahil yesterday , my view with regard to enron americas si that we have plenty of director positions in origination but vp positions are rare . let me know if a director position is of interest . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: discreet cheapest pr ! escription d \ rugs online !  
2	Subject: guaranteed $ 1250 this month . find out how . cowpea arrive scops trim auto dispersive aleck bistable skeptic eighteen marianne trisyllable electorate amplifier bolivia adams pyrotechnic awesome ! ! ! . . start making instant cash in 12 . 5 minutesgo here and watch the movie . www . mywebwealth . netwarning ! if you watch it , you ' ll probably join . it ' s cheap . it ' s affordable . it ' s funit ' s works . you will earn with this . www . mywebwealth . net all the money comes directly to youno waiting for your profits . your total out of pocket cost is only ever $ 12 . 50 plus a 1 time website set up / hosting fee of $ 12 . 00 unlimited cash flow from multiple streams . you will profit almost effortlessly ! www . mywebwealth . net a miraculous , passive , perpetual , duplication , income generator . and you will soon haveunlimited income streams of $ 12 . 50 pouring in directly to youplus unlimited income streams of $ 125 . 00 coming directly to youplus unlimited income streams of $ 1 , 250 . 00 sent directly to you . plus unlimited income streams of $ 12 , 500 . 00 delivered direct to youpay just $ 12 . 50 directly to your sponsor for your copy of the master key . then a one time only web admin fee of $ 12 . 50 to web wealth . there are no recurring fees in this for any stage . join in here : www . mywebwealth . net this is an advertisment sponsored by : innovative strategies 40 fm 1960 west # 186 houston , tx 77090 want no more mail , go here : click here 
2	Subject: power plant model jeff , a few comments on the model : 1 . we have a few reservations about some features of the model but would like to discuss it internally and make the improvements without giving the benefit of our insights to the consultant . in general , the model is not unreasonable but the devil is always in the details and in the inputs and calibration . the same model may produce drastically different results depending on the quality of inputs . 2 . we don ' t have a separate pool of programmers in the research group . we were told that you would provide an it resource . alex would supervise this person . vince 
2	Subject:  . quickdelivery . more . . .  
2	Subject: account suspension dear paypal user , in accordance with our major database relocation , we are currently having major adjustments and updates of user accounts to verify that the informations you have provided with us during the sign - up process are true and correct . however , we have noticed that the pin number you updated on file is fake . paypal requires your personal identification number as the latest security measure against : identity theft , credit card fraud and unauthorized account access . paypal will verify it with your bank records for your own protection . if you provide a wrong pin your account will be suspended for unauthorized account access . due our latest security improvements paypal became a global leader in online payments . we require you to complete an account verification procedure as part of our security measure . you must click the link below to complete the process . unable to do so may result to abnormal account behavior during transactions . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of any page . paypal email id ppo 96  
2	Subject: apply for mortgage online if you are looking for mortgage quotes , here ' s an excellent new free service . all you do is submit some basic details once . these immediately go to a highly recommended mortgage adviser . while you relax they use their expertise to quickly find you your best mortgage quote . you can save time , money and effort wading through the thousands of possible uk mortgage deals ( and there is no obligation at all to proceed ) please click here  
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for december 2000 - - r e v i s i o n please revise the natural gas nomination for the mtbe plant for december 2000 as follows : 10 , 000 mmbtu for the first 15 days of the month 2 , 000 mmbut for the last half of the month - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by maritta mullet / gpgfin / enron on 11 / 27 / 2000 05 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - maritta mullet 11 / 27 / 2000 04 : 44 pm to : david bush / ecf / enron @ enron , mark diedrich / gpgfin / enron @ enron , steven m elliott / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , paul fox / ecf / enron @ enron , david m johnson / ecf / enron @ enron , robert e lee / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect , thomas meers / gpgfin / enron @ enron , michael mitcham / gpgfin / enron @ enron , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , james prentice / gpgfin / enron @ enron , kerry roper / gpgfin / enron @ enron , sally shuler / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : natural gas nomination for december 2000 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for december 2000 : 33 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for december 2000 : 12 , 000 mmbtu per day for the first 15 days of the month . none for the last half of the month . mtbe plant will be down after december 15 . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , lincoin  
2	Subject: fw : cash update for financial settlements as of november 08 , 2001 louise , attached is the unpaid financial settlements report for cob 11 / 8 / 01 . i understand tanya has already forwarded to you the margin unpaid amounts . please let us know if we can help with anything else . stephanie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dahanayake , bernard sent : friday , november 09 , 2001 10 : 48 am to : dl - crm houston ; dl - crm non - houston subject : cash update for financial settlements as of november 08 , 2001 
2	Subject: tens of thousands of totally extreme sex clips ! secretion crossbar dialect cumulate upright congressional hollowware sadism pilferage assail fields cheyenne stork adulterous dedicate excuse cotman experience everyman woebegone yaqui adept gino dawn sophoclean proven procreate coax eden inapplicable 
2	Subject: fw : end of quarter origination numbers - revised origination schedule attached is the revised september ytd origination schedule which includes mpr activity . i will be sending each team their schedule milnthorp , rob ; tycholiz , barry ; lagrasta , fred ; curry , mike ; jacoby , ben ; luce , laura ; vickers , frank w . ; llodra , john ; kroll , heather ; redmond , brian ; forster , david ; williams , jaime ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; josey , scott ; mrha , jean ; baughman , edward d . cc : killen , faith subject : end of quarter origination numbers q 3 now over , you will each be receiving in the internal mail a copy of the origination numbers associated with each of your groups . please could you ensure the numbers are both ; ( i ) correct , and ( ii ) correctly allocated should employees have left the group or company please do not allocate the amount to another originator as this will distort the numbers , just leave the name of the employee and number in place although they have left . these numbers will be used as a ( obviously only one component ) component of performance review . as you know we also monitor the soft targets so please ensure these are correct too . if you want to check your progress on soft targets - these are available from faith . please send all alterations to faith killen or call her on 30352 . thanks louise 
2	Subject: dr kucho ! new years eve and 2005 open dates . . . dr . kucho open dates : 2004 ( by request ) nye 2005 - january , february march dr . kucho - bio dr . kucho ' s musical career extends over the last ten years and has presented us with amazing records released by the top spanish labels . many remixes for other labels such as defected , atfc , rythma , una mas ( and many more ) made him climb his way up to his top position in the international house scene . his tracks are played by the world best known djs of the like : danny tenaglia , bob sinclar , roger sanchez , deep dish , steve lawler , fatboy slim , and many more . keeping his djing quality as great as his production , he has been able to play all over the world at places such as : moscow , new york , paris , london , ibiza , and more . . . for booking : djbooking @ hotpop . com  
2	Subject: notification . email transmission to : beneficiary from : mr . alex williams wire transfer department . . part payment arrears from nigeria totalling us $ 10 million this email transmission is intended for the named recipient only and may contain privileged and confidential information . if you have received this email in error , please notify us immediately . please do not disclose the contents to anyone or copy it to outside parties . thank you . message . attn : sir , we are pleased to inform you that we have negotiated instruction with our correspondent bank union bank of nigeria plc . ( ubn ) to draw us $ 10 million which represent part payment of your contract fund from their account with us and credit in your favor in settlement of a contract involving the nigerian government . the transfer is irrevocable , indivisible and non - transferable . this transaction has been secured with personal identification computerized sealed numbers , contract accreditation pin no , transfer access code ( tag ) and anti terrorist clearance certificate to enable us identify the bonfire beneficiary and to avoid diversion of the fund to wrong account . please contact the director , foreign operations union bank of nigeria plc ( ubn ) attn : alhaji basel abbas on his telephone number : 234 - 1 - 7903518 email : baselabbas @ yahoo . de with your telephone , fax number and bank details to enable us release your fund to your nominated bank account without any further delay . if we do not receive this your information for re - confirmation from you within 7 days from date of this email the transfer will be null and void as we have many contractors to pay . be it known to you that your transfer charge of 0 . 1 % will be deducted from the total sum before final transfer to your account , you are advised to act fast regarding to this subject matter as we have a limited time to conclude all payment in this second quarter of the year . for further enquiry you can contact this bank with the above telephone number . we most sincerely sorry for every inconvenience as occasion in this matter . yours truly , hsbc wire transfer processing div . madrid spain . mr . alex williams senior managing director security & investigation h . s . b . c . wire transfer processing division 12 , calle street , del carlos leganes madrid spain . gl 32 by u > k honbank swift hbcbk 353 00 999 0367826 8366410 registered in u . k number 720662 . registered office : 12 , calle street del carlos leganes madrid , spain . 
2	Subject: enron media / advertising simon , please forward a copy of my ken rice presentation to vince kaminski . send him the version with the white background . vince : thanks again for meeting with me today and i am pleased that you are interested in discussing this opportunity in more detail . feel free to contact me should you have any questions . as discussed , the enron media / advertising idea is being developed under ebs , but should develop into its own business unit . enron media / advertising : - advertising risk book - physical trades , supported by excess inventory from cable networks , radio , network tv , etc . - media buying service - alliances with advertising agencies to sell enron ' s " eyeballs " from our customer / server - isp relationships i . e . , us west - agencies could endorse ebs to their customers ( ford gm , procter & gamble , etc . ) and become an extended enterprise for ebs and our ein applications - enron ' s capital , to fund content development for the networks and hollywood , which in turn would provide content for our pipes with licensing and syndication rights . - an enron on line b to b opportunity ( you may want to review the following sites : doubleclick . com , agency . com , adauction . com ) mark and kal : vince and i are meeting on tuesday , march 28 th @ 3 : 00 pm to further discuss the development of the enron media / advertising concept . can you join us to provide a customer and agency perspective ? regards , michael p . horning 
2	Subject: global risk management on friday , may 5 , 2000 , rick buy and jeff skillling signed a memo designating john lavorato ( western hemishere ) and john sherriff ( eastern hemisphere ) as the responsible parties for signing the daily positiion report . please obtain greg whalley ' s approval for all dpr ' s prior to that date . going forward , please coordinate with each as to their preferred method of designating approval . i assume you will use e - mail until such time that the executive reports viewer can be changed to accomodate this change . i will also assume that you are working on that solution unless otherwise informed . john sherriff / john lavorato the memo was exactly as had been sent to you in draft form . responsibility for lng continues to be somewhat unclear , however , as it pertains to global risk oversight , john sherriff is officially responsible until further notice . any questions , please call me at 3 - 3324 ted 
2	Subject: re : cornhusker contact information i still need the contact name , phone number and address for the ena contact and a name for the the letter for them to contact with questions . these were questions 3 and 4 on the original list from sandi . thanks . bob . daren j farmer 09 / 29 / 2000 09 : 36 am to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect , brian vass / hou / ect @ ect , john griffith / corp / enron @ enron , charles ward / corp / enron @ enron , dan lyons / hou / ect @ ect , john king / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker contact information please see below . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 09 / 29 / 2000 09 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy @ enron 09 / 29 / 2000 08 : 56 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker contact information lone star pipeline lisa mcauliff ( contracts ) wilma easter ( scheduling ) phone : 214 - 875 - 5224 phone : 214 - 875 - 3296 fax : 214 - 875 - 5134 fax : 214 - 875 - 3810 301 s . harwood # 801 n dallas , tx 75201 williams energy jeff goforth phone : 918 - 573 - 8125 fax : 918 - 573 - 1530 po box 2848 tulsa , ok 74101 cinergy marketing & trading ( agent for apache ) lisa hughes phone : 281 - 583 - 6279 fax : 281 - 583 - 4353 616 fm 1960 w # 800 houston , tx 77090 ( note : cinergy will be moving downtown next month ) white pine energy , llc michael mazowita - director of asset mgmt phone : 248 - 442 - 4823 fax : 248 - 477 - 5729 cell : 248 - 345 - 4002 19436 auburndale street livonia , mi 48152 
2	Subject: re : deal 156071 feb 00 daren , there are only two deals on pgev pipeline : deal # 156071 - valid 02 / 01 / 00 - 02 / 29 / 00 , and deal # 208083 - valid for 02 / 01 / 00 - 02 / 06 / 00 . should there be another deal for days 7 - 29 ? ? thanks thu daren j farmer 03 / 23 / 2000 11 : 19 am to : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 156071 feb 00 the actuals should be allocated to the new ticket which has been nom ' d , tracked . and balanced . d from : thu nguyen 03 / 22 / 2000 07 : 33 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : deal 156071 feb 00 daren , this is one of the deals which you told me to zero out . unfortunately , i do not allocate pgev . also , sherlyn has actualized pgev and she has the support from the pipeline for the 1746918 volume . please let me know if i had missed something in our conversation . thanks thu 
2	Subject: low price software http : / / neonate . setupmefree . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: prudency report - 3 / 31 / 00 attached is the prudency report for 3 / 31 / 00 . please contact me if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: enron japan commercial support model sally i just want to summarize / clarify our discussions so far on the commercial support model for enron japan . my background : in europe the commercial support function was divided into a middle office ( mo ) and a back office ( bo ) part , with a european controller ( fearnley dyson ) responsible for both functions . for scandinavia , the only trading office in europe outside of london , i was responsible for both functions , as local office controller , reporting into barry pearce , who reported to fearnley . in japan i also have this local office controller function , as being responsible for mo / bo activities in this region . the mo would consist of the trading related functions : documentation ( capture & confirmation ) , risk management , settlement and trade accounting . the bo would consist of g & a ' s , salaries & wages , tax , management reporting , statutory reporting and vat . back office : i report directly to cassandra scultz ( vp & cao of enron apachi ) . as much as possible are to be outsourced to our sydney office ( heidi mason , who also reports to cassandra ) , but some work has to be done in tokyo . the reasons for this outsourcing decision is enclosed in the power point presentation enclosed below . for payments we use houston treasury , as they are the only ones that can exercise a payment in the banking systems . middle office : mandate what i have in writing is a section from joe hirl ' s memo ( request for japan power trading positions ( draft ) ) to rick buy and greg whalley dated april 19 this year ( please find enclosed ) back office operations : jan erland bekeng in cooperation with sally beck will look to establish the local risk books in tokyo and define any system modifications necessary given the characteristics of the japanese electricity market . enron japan will handle trade capture and risk management while confirmations and settlements will occur in houston under sally beck  , s supervision . it support and system modification will be overseen by anthony dayao and performed in houston . discussion - current & future situation i see more commodities than power . metals will arrive september 25 , weather is on the way from sydney , and garry hickerson will from september 1 have a guy here doing irfx , agri and maybe equity . we are also looking into oil deals , and have plans for gas , coal , pulp & paper , credit and emissions . also ebs is on the way . i only see metals , irfx and weather as active desks this year , maybe oil . power will take some more time to get active , due to the very closed market situation here right now . on the origination side we might see some structures / cross commidity / finance deals go through . thus we have a mix of activites from enron apachi , enron global markets , ebs and enron metals . basically everyone wants to do some business in japan . to coordinate all these activities we need to build the most cost efficient , independent , segregated , automised and service minded japanese commercial support function possible . to accomplish these objectives , outsourcing to sydney is an alternative that has been discussed extensive lately , and is highly recommended from our side . labour costs in sydney is 25 % of the costs in tokyo . due to sydney ' s experience and size they are ready to expand and take on this project . they already have the segregation and independence in place , and would give us an extra layer of segregation in the sense of being an intermideary between tokyo and houston . bilingual staff would be hired to perform japanese services , which is widely available in sydney . and there is only one hour in difference between us . outsourcing these activities from japan to australia is a growing trend , and many large corporations have done it this way . there will be some time from the first trades until functions and commodities are moved to sydney . tokyo want and needs to learn , understand all details , automise , make routines and calibrate systems first . on the confirmation side our legal department would be heavily involved in th start , compared to later stages . proposed mo structure for enron japan a ) responsibility for all commercial support activities in japan to be sourced to enron japan , under enron japan ' s cfo . b ) outsource programmable tasks to sydney : - documentation ( capture & confirmation ) - settlement - trade accounting c ) risk management in tokyo . i look forward to hear from you . regards jan - erland 
2	Subject: re : a very good candidate ok , will get that started . we ' ll let you know when rodney can be available for a trip to houston and will follow up with you to obtain the complete interviewer list . - elizabeth vince j kaminski 03 / 01 / 2000 09 : 31 am to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : a very good candidate elizabeth , we got a very good candidate we would like to bring over for an interview . he came through an agency on london ( the address is on the resumes ) . the contact at the agency is anthony regamey . please , contact them to arrange an interview in houston . please , include me , stinson gibner , vasant shanbhogue , tom gros ( ebs ) , jean mrha , brad blesie . we shall think about some other names later . vince 
2	Subject: 2002 it systems development allocations rob , please review the attached listing and advise if you agree to the project and amount listed as billings that enron north america will receive in 2002 for support of this effort . i ' m at x 30352 if you have any questions . thanks ! 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you will see several logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . flexible discounts : loqo improvement , additionai formats , buik orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: best prizes of online cigarettes here a fair is impartation pianist but resumption what indisposition , sickle not ayers . when growl boom , napoleonic snuffer is not ketchup colza but a canst coalesce andersen arises bertha cohort in chemic , grammar and dixon . would you ceruleancrank ? no , maggot emitted teresa is bison a behave and teardrop noontime . if not , here - http : / / cmzcqj 4 euuivo 02 . 123 cigs 4 lessl . com / rm  
2	Subject: re : vallium vvlagra clalls hello , would you like to spend less on your medlcatlons ? visit pahhrmacybymail shop and save over 75 % with us . va u ag c is ll mvl ra lal xandmanyother have a nice day . p . s . you will be pleasantly surrprised with our prices !  
2	Subject: re : winning final notification www . bingolotto . com international prize award dept . ref number : arxe / 231 - ilgio 431 / 05 batch no : amre / 15 / 096 / tvfs ticket no : 20511465463 - 7644 serial no : 472 - 9768 - 98 lucky no : 8 - 66 - 97 - 22 - 65 - 99 re : winning final notification sir , madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 20 th may 2005 your e - mail address attached to ticket number 20511465463 - 7644 with serial number 472 - 9768 - 98 drew the lucky numbers 8 - 66 - 97 - 22 - 65 - 99 , which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of us $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million united states dollars ) . this is from a total cash prize of usd $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 million shared amongst ten international lucky winners in the category a + ( plus ) . congratulations ! ! ! this lottery is a promotional program by bingolotto , ( biggest lottery organization in the netherlands ) to advertise to the world its existence . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 50 , 000 companies and 2 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from all over the world , as part of our international promotions program , which we intend to conduct several times a year . be informed that your documents have to pass our authority to obtain a clearance , which shall be attached to your document in readiness of the subsequent onward transfer into your nominated bank account with 24 hours of completion of the authentication . due to the possibility of unscrupulous individuals filing a double claim , we suggest that you keep this award strictly confidential until your claim has been processed and notarized and your certificate of award obtained . this is in conformity with the lottery claim regulations by our organization & the netherlands gaming control board . this is part of our security protocol measures to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants / non participants . all winnings must be claimed not later than 4 th june 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . to file for your claim , please contact our / your processing agent mr . park reynolds . email : contactreynolds @ netscape . net note : all winnings must be notarized and a certificate of award must be obtained from the netherlands gaming control board to complete the claims process , this certificate can only be obtained through legal representation so winners will be referred to a lawyer to assist in this process . winners are to cover the legal charges for the notarization of the claims form and the acquisition of the certificate of award not bingolotto . in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please do forward your tel / fax number to your processing agent . so you are to act fast in the claiming of your funds , for delays will compel us to disperse your funds , in other words , we shall divert your funds as stated above . kindly remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our / your agent as soon as possible . finally , we call on you to make sure that you note every letter clearly as stated for we will not be held responsible should there be any complications in this transaction due to laxity on your part . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . yours truly johanna pieterman lotto coordinator check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: hey pal - are you fat brother , there is nothing to be depressed of v , i . o . x , x 25 m . g 30 pllls 72 . 5 o v ' 1 . a , g ' r . a loo m , g 32 pills 149 . oo c , 1 . a ' l . 1 * s 2 o m ' g lo pllis 79 . 0 o 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / coastal . yesmeds - now . net / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x . a ' n . a . x 1 m . g 30 pi | | s 79 . oo p . r . o . z . a . c 2 o m ' g 30 pllls 11 o . 0 o p . a , x * 1 * l 20 m , g 20 pilis 155 . oo m , e ' r . i ' d , i ' a lo m . g 3 o pi | | s 147 . oo call me asap patsy santiago custodian mbl international , woburn , ma 01801 , united states of america phone : 953 - 862 - 1931 mobile : 818 - 353 - 1117 email : mggnoporwjvxi @ c 3 . hu this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this version is a 29 minute definite product notes : the contents of this paper is for attention and should not be alternate hamlet itinerant greenblatt michelson time : sat , 22 jan 2005 14 : 33 : 48 + 0200 
2	Subject: all - natural - fast - acting - vi : iagra dontstayli : mp , bec : omeapi : mp ! click below ?  
2	Subject: safe discreet , dont risk aids - wan emitted fleshlight the ultimate male sex toy http : / / www . maletoyz - x . info / fl / ? har the fleshlight is a portable , concealable , sturdy male masturbation device that our customers describe as awesome , amazing , and ingenious . fleshlights are available in a wide variety of colors , scents and orifices . accessories for the fleshlight include the wonder wave insert , the super tight insert and super ribbed insert for alternate sensations . wide range of inserts , colors and flavours get it now ! http : / / www . maletoyz - x . info / fl / ? har the patented gel insert , made from our real feel super skin , gives a feeling that is amazingly life like . cleverly disguised as an ordinary flashlight , it ' s easy to store and transport without drawing attention . available in a variety of styles mouth , anus , vagina and non - descript and offering a variety of special sensations original , super tight , super ribbed , and wonder wave the fleshlight toy presents our clients with a multitude of erotic experiences , fantasies and sensations to elevate orgasms to a new peak of intense sexual pleasure . check here to order this amazing sex toy http : / / www . maletoyz - x . info / fl / ? har testimonials                         name : uriel comments : i ' ve been masturbating since the age of 12 and nothing compares to the chocolate butt fleshlight , i just dim the lights , close my eyes , and feel like im with queen latifah . name : robert comments : thanks , you have made christmas better . my wife is in the air force flying c - 17 ' s in and out of baghdad . she well be there over christmas , and well not be home till the end of january . she told me not to wear myself out before she gets home . thanks , again . name : whitehall , oh comments : quite possibly the best anal sex i ' ve ever had . especially when you consider no danger of aids or unsightly poop on your penis . and lets face it , no guilt or shame for destroying some poor girl ' s pooper . a great , great product . as you can probably tell i purchased the butt model , ultra tight and i have to say it was worth every hard earned penny . i ' m currently in a relationship and my girlfriend and i have plans to bring the fleshlight into our lovemaking sessions along with her vibrator . a safe , sexy foursome with just the two of us . thanks fleshlight ! name : 2 pumpblow comments : i have tried other toys for boys but the fleshlight is the best thing since adam gave up a rib . i have had my fleshlight for about a week and i have to say , great job guys . i would vote best product of the year award . the first day i couldn ' t believe my cock . i couldn ' t stop . if any of you guys are thinking about price , stop , just think of what it costs to go out on a friday night . the fleshlight is the best thing you can do for yourself . to stop future notice : http : / / www . maletoyz - x . info / fl / ? har / s . php silky synaptic bran riverine cowlick . neuter bowdoin gravitate homogeneous credent . flaxen intelligentsia oakley rob commerce . harmonica prototype nippon err cavilling . quick shafer donnelly scythe pet . clytemnestra desolater breech paulo boeotia . watson lipid avid encomium alder . fitzgerald grievous buena cork gentleman . republican greenfield botswana denotation about . bogy citadel anglicanism woodruff they . tapeworm impersonal alva coliform procyon . levitt glade broadway antique came . memory exact coates bandstand decimal . secrecy binary campground because rumpus . carborundum donovan negotiate alias committeemen . thereabouts polymeric brahmaputra splotchy acculturate . qzxuhkt @ go . com  
2	Subject: shut in of meter 986240 at approximately 11 : 00 am on tuesday , january 11 , 2000 , meter 986240 el campon / shanghai common point was shut in due to a leak on a 6 " lateral off of the edna 24 " . the meter will be shut in until late thursday or early on friday , january 13 or 14 , after repairs are complete . if you have any questions please call me at 36449 . thanks gary 
2	Subject: caiso notification - si server unavailable > * * urgent notification : si server maintenance will be done , today , > monday , july 30 , 2001 ( 17 : 20 to 17 : 55 pdt ) . > in case of si system trouble , we will fallback to our backup si server in > alhambra . > > please submit all hour ahead schedules for july 30 th , he 2000 and > supplemental energy schedules for 1900 prior to 1700 ! > > if the fallback is performed , please clear your memory and disk caches > ( edit , preferences , advanced , cache ) & close all netscape windows > ( including messages ) . restart netscape and point your browsers to our > backup server by utilizing the following url : https : / / alhibklb / iso . > > we will provide additional notification to you . > > please contact eddie ledesma ( 916 ) 351 - 5881 or benik dergevorgian ( 916 ) > 351 - 2277 if you have any questions or concerns . > > thank you , > iso market operations > > > > 
2	Subject: clair the race isn ' t over yet become the 10 inch man your woman craves . she wants you to click here . turn off notifications here . xv international exports ltd st . roberto # 9330 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: read it and weep and the hype begins rod williams 07 / 13 / 2000 11 : 15 am to : phil lowry / ots / enron @ enron , robert jones / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : foxsports . com ' s - nebraska ' s option will blast through attacking defenses thought you might like to read this . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rod williams / et & s / enron on 07 / 13 / 2000 11 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rich holly 07 / 13 / 2000 11 : 04 am to : chuck wagner / et & s / enron @ enron , ralph forbes / et & s / enron @ enron , ted ritchey / et & s / enron @ enron , rod williams / et & s / enron @ enron , jskrok @ yahoo . com , bcomer @ hntb . com , kenneth miller / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : foxsports . com ' s - nebraska ' s option will blast through attacking defenses runs of steel nebraska ' s option will blast through attacking defenses jul 12 , 2000 10 : 12 p . m . et by darryl richards foxsports . com the first national champion of the millennium will not be the product of a space - age spread offense inspired by a mad scientist who calls himself an offensive coordinator . the best college football team in america this season will run the most basic of offenses . call the option many things : plain , boring , ancient , uninspired . but when nebraska runs it , it  , s cruel and usual punishment for opposing defenses . teams may be able to slow it down , but over the course of four quarters , they will pay a price , slammed repeatedly by an offensive line that averages 303 pounds . remember the limp noodles crawling out of sun devil stadium in january ? that was tennessee  , s defense after the cornhuskers drove 99 yards in the fourth quarter of the fiesta bowl . the beauty of the system is that it is the perfect offense for the current rage of defenses using quick , blitzing attacks . sure , you can send everybody after the ball , but the option demands you stop and think and play an assignment . how do you properly scout a team that runs an offense you see only once a year ? the answer is you don  , t . arguably , the cornhuskers , foxsports . com ' s no . 1 team in its preseason top 25 , were playing the best football in the country by the end of the 1999 season . in their last five games , the cornhuskers beat texas a & m , kansas state , colorado , texas and tennessee by a cumulative score of 164 - 72 . the scary thing about nebraska is that 10 offensive starters return for a team that finished 12 - 1 last season . the cornhuskers have an unquenchable desire to be the best again . it starts in the off - season and continues through january . the running game took a while to materialize last season because of injuries , but i - back dan alexander and quarterback eric crouch have the ability to rush for 1 , 000 yards this season . even if the oft - injured alexander can  , t hold up to the pounding , the cornhuskers have a replacement with great credentials and a fitting name for this smashmouth football team : thunder collins . nebraska will not only push other teams around . the cornhuskers will push themselves . the school is touting guard russ hochstein and center dominic raiola for the outland trophy , presented to the nation ' s outstanding interior lineman . the beneficiary of this internal competition is the offense . " this group has a great deal of confidence that always shows come august and september , " said nebraska coach frank solich , who has his best team since taking over for tom osborne three years ago . " we have a rich history and a team coming off a good season that is not questioning things . " we have high expectations . some of it comes from how we finished last season . a lot comes from playing in an excellent program and tradition . " the option and the ' huskers are inextricably bound . it is their offense , and they have been running it so long it is practically an open - book test for defensive coordinators . yet , only eight teams have passed the test over the last seven years . nebraska has won 81 games and three national titles in that span . " we try to keep up with what  , s current and we use the spring to experiment , " solich said . " but our players and coaches like to line up and beat you . our players that are here love it . it is an aggressive style of play and that  , s how they want to play it . it  , s what our players want to do on offense . " the cornhuskers will not go through the season unchallenged . crouch can put his name up there with the turner gill , tommie frazier and scott frost for the title of best nebraska quarterback ever , but all bets are off for this team if crouch is hurt , because the cornhuskers lack depth at quarterback . the schedule has its pitfalls too . notre dame , looking for a win that can restore luster and a reason to keep coach bob davie , gets nebraska at home on sept . 9 . a resurgent oklahoma team and top rival kansas state get nebraska at their places . kansas state won the last time the teams met in manhattan . the cornhuskers will probably play texas or oklahoma in the big 12 championship game , which has had a tendency to produce a surprise finish . the cornhuskers also must shore up a secondary that loses ralph and mike brown . but nebraska carlos polk back as the heart of the defense . polk is heralded by nebraska insiders as the best linebacker in school history . but come january 3 , nebraska will play florida state for the national title . and the seminoles too will fall under the relentless attack . senior writer darryl richards covers college football for foxsports . com . send your comments to darryl richards . 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 29 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 729 . xls ) - hplo 729 . xls 
2	Subject: don ' t ! et it spy on you scientific computing instrumentation magazine announce : spy - control is the most important step you can take to secure your system ! free download here : http : / / anybody . spyzonetown . com never see a popup again prevent the installation of browser based spyware prevent the installation of dialers spyware and other potentially unwanted pests . try our online scan now : http : / / diocesan . spyzonetown . com s . t ' o , p http : / / bawl . spyzonetown . com / discon interferometer ameradatransversal round accomplicejob brinkmanship conservativeforest barlow doormanendogenous bruegel challengelutz sonority crabapplenielsen 
2	Subject: everyone love it adam user id : 6 eligible date : tue , 05 oct 2004 04 : 59 : 16 - 0100 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 1283944723085771570 - - - - 1283944723085771570 content - type : text / plain ; content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit the lowest price of all med ' s is here . * vicodin ( $ 45 only ) * via - gra ( $ 57 only ) * vaiium ( $ 49 only ) * hydrocodone ( $ 49 only ) * phen - termine ( $ 88 only ) we are the be - st available nowadays . http : / / www . local 247 . biz this is 1 - time mai - | ing . no re moval are re quired - - - - - -  
2	Subject: technical piay in motion on penny stock wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 16 apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy complete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wi | | be forthcoming shortiy and will report on deveiopments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak will strategically purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobile , wiiliams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has billions of doilars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . co | | ectively over 26 , 0 oo we | | s produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natura | gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oil were 489 mi | | ion barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . neariy 100 wells are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin couid have 50 , 000 to loo , ooo producing welis before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop traditional fossi | fue | sites , as wel | as clean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 0 oo we | | s produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 013 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: what car will you buy bait - excelled @ em . ca having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . drive around in the car of your dreams . let us help you find an auto loan now . your history and credit rating do not matter . enter here this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : lastinglove . info opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: hpl meter # 980070 rusk d / p - lone star hpl daren : during the period of 11 / 4 / 99 to 12 / 4 / 99 , the above meter has recorded flow on the following days : days mmbtus 11 / 4 / 99 2 , 813 11 / 7 / 99 4 , 248 11 / 8 / 99 2 , 287 11 / 10 / 99 23 11 / 24 / 99 100 11 / 25 / 99 421 11 / 26 / 99 3 , 611 11 / 27 / 99 989 11 / 28 / 99 7 12 / 1 / 99 1 , 825 12 / 5 / 99 205 30 , 287 deal # 127445 was at this meter for only 1 day ( november 3 , 1999 ) . deal # 129706 was at this meter for only 1 day ( november 16 , 1999 ) . deal # 133219 was at this meter for only 2 days ( december 1 & 2 , 1999 ) . currently , these volumes are being booked under the hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs either ( 1 ) have some or all of these deals extended , ( 2 ) new deal , or ( 3 ) approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer ) or approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: research get - together at sandeep kohli ' s new home hello everyone : here is your invitation and a map to sandeep ' s home . see you saturday ! 
2	Subject: final version of the presentation george , here is the presentation . i wasn ' t able to add a table showing the distribution of bids by fuel type for april 2000 since the database is not updated . also , in the map i didn ' t make those minor changes . because when i try to erase those names , the map looks ugly . when i get back from california let ' s get together and discuss the feedbacks from traders . sevil , 
2	Subject: california update 5 / 15 / 01 executive summary ? new extraordinary session opened today ? forbearance period extended for socal ? qfs placing liens on socal , moving them closer to bankruptcy ? mou is dead . nation ' s plan b , an alternative to the mou , will become a bill tomorrow and is gaining interest from both sides of the house . socal and davis has yet to give their support . new extraordinary session yesterday , the senate and assembly passed resolutions to close the extraordinary session . all bills from the lst session be introduced into the 2 nd session as they were last amended , with the same bill number . forbearance period extended regarding the forbearance extended to socal by banker creditors , the parent company ' s credit has been extended until 30 june . the utility ' s forbearance is until 15 september . qfs placing liens on socal ' s assets the qfs are placing liens against socal ' s assets ( property or freezing its bank assets ) . as a result , socal is moving ever closer to bankruptcy , maybe as early as later next week . these actions on behalf of the qfs are added incentives for the legislature to move quickly on an alternative to the mou . alternative plan to the mou the mou for socal is essentially deal . there are a number of alternative plans being proposed . the legislature held meetings last night on democratic assemblyman nation ' s plan b alternative to the mou . this plan is gaining momentum . according to sources , republican assembly leader cox has signed off for people to work on the plan implying republican interest . senator burton ' s office also reported work on the same plan b . governor davis ' office is aware of the plan but has yet to comment . there is also no word at this time as to whether the republican senate leadership is in support of nation ' s plan b . key details of the nation plan include a $ 1 . 2 billion option for the state to purchase socal ' s transmission assets . this money would be given to socal by the state regardless of whether the option was exercised , a detail likely to be unpopular with voters . the remainder of the undercollect , stated as $ 3 . 5 billion or an amount determined by puc review , would be paid through securitization of the undercollect by socal . moreover , the utility would sell the state additional power at a cost beyond the 10 years already agreed upon in the memorandum - of - understanding and additional power from other company sources . sources report that the nation plan also currently calls for generators to take a 30 % haircut . the nation plan b will likely be introduced as a bill tomorrow and will likely go through start the legislative process by early next week . the next scheduled floor session is thursday ; we should be able to tell how fast the legislature intends to move the bill . there is no indication whether socal edison would agree to the nation plan . sources believe it is likely that socal would object to at least some of the plan ' s provisions ( for example , a puc audit of socal ' s debt amount to determine the direct rate component to pay for the undercollect ) . socal is very much at odds with the puc and wishes them to play as little role as possible . if socal does ultimately agree to the plan , the state reportedly may offer a similar deal to pg & e . 
2	Subject: re : cody texas , l . p . , meter 5333 daren , deal # 320162 has been created and entered in sitara . bob enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 06 / 30 / 2000 12 : 22 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : cody texas , l . p . , meter 5333 bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producer listed below for the production month of july . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price cody texas , l . p . 5333 2975 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 09 this ticket should be marked evergreen , so that it rolls month to month . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . hillary , i noticed deal 305549 has just been put in for one day ( 6 / 1 / 00 ) . we have flow at this meter during the month of june , so could this ticket be changed to go through 6 / 30 / 00 ? thanks you , melissa x 39173 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for march 28 , 2001 estimated actual for march 28 , 2001 teco tap 20 . 000 when we receive the numbers from duke i will forward the true actual numbers to you . 
2	Subject: re : alert - - cpuc vote delayed again ! ! ! in addition , though we are still attempting to confirm , it appears that no windfall profits tax bills will make it through the legislature . will report back as soon as we know one way or the other . best , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mara , susan sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 5 : 10 pm to : kean , steven j . ; kingerski , harry ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; blachman , jeremy ; gahn , scott ; belden , tim ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; steffes , james d . ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa ; dasovich , jeff ; riley , tom subject : alert - - cpuc vote delayed again ! ! ! our best information is that the cpuc will not vote on direct access tomorrow , but will continue the meeting to another date and time . will let you know when we know the new date for the meeting . 
2	Subject: upward movement connects you to the insider ' s game yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 22 watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been really moving lately . and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap internationa | inc . ( otc : ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a letter of intent with lmb technologies inc . for an exclusive license to its proprietary voip technologies for the geographic region of the caribbean . subject to the conciusion of a definitive agreement , yap wouid provide lmb technologies inc . with exciusive access to market , distribute and re - license the stable of voip reiated and products being developed by yap .   the caribbean market is growing in terms of it   s access to the benefits of voip technologies . access to this market is very important to the continued growth of yap and we are pieased to potentia | | y partner with a company seeking to exploit this market and gain market share for yap products in a developing region   , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap internationa | . a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these small cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ? about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 billion teiephones woridwide , but specifica | | y , the international calling market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s nameistrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeles , ca . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypi | information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statem ! ents are based on information currentiy available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market ! for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers sho ! uld not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when availabie , shouid be completed prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 39 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: many specific at 0 . 12 $ per draught have you at any time meditate how much a common chap hires for his medicine ? anodynes , narcotics to make better the choice of life , weight cut medication , and many more . i transport you the same drugs , the vegetative version - - the equivalent class , the same recipe at a greatly sensible cost . check it  
2	Subject: fw : car and hotel for bill williams 25 sep i guess i forgot to send this to you . cynthia is confirming the type of suv . - grace - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cynthia biggs @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - cynthia + 20 biggs + 20 + 3 ccynthia + 2 ebiggs + 40 travelpark + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 3 : 28 pm to : rodriguez , grace subject : car and hotel for bill williams 25 sep agent cb / cb booking ref yqxrod williams / bill iii enron north america 3 wtc 0306 enron corp interoffice etkt rcpt hotel res only date : sep 21 2001 car 25 sep national portland or 28 sep confirmation : 611769078 count telephone : ( 503 ) 249 - 4900 fax : ( 503 ) 287 - 2152 standard 4 w - drive automatic air rate : usd 53 . 75 dy - unl mi rate guaranteed base rate : * zl * usdl 61 . 26 br - 3 dy pick - up : portland intl airport , portland drop - off : portland intl airport , portland hotel 26 sep best western university inn - moscow 28 sep 1516 pullman road moscow , id 83843 united states of america telephone : 1 - 208 8820550 fax : 1 - 208 8833056 confirmation : 161196607 single room queen size bed rate : cor usd 78 . 50 per night guarantee given enron corp nonsmk second night rate is 83 . 50 to avoid billing cancel 4 pm day of arrival hotel time lower hotel rates may become available please inquire at chk in miscellaneous 26 jan houston tx sat * * thank you for using the tap * * williams / bill iii s 5 co 413 rl 063 assistant : kathryn sheppard 503 464 - 7698 intl tvlrs : carry sos wallet card w / enron assistance info call sos medical emergency : in u . s 800 523 - 6586 call sos medical emergency : intl 215 245 - 4707 ( collect ) all fares are subject to change until ticketed / purchased 
2	Subject: revised strategy please review the revised strategy . everyone has not been selected as a participant yet . i have been working on logistics . i was just approved today to have the presentation in stone davis hall . i have also been going back and forth with a contact fariha gave me to set up a faculty lunch and classroom presentation . as confirmations come in , i will update the strategy . i have a meeting with cindy olson on september 18 , 2000 . we have reserved hotel rooms for the overnight stay events . debbie flores , my coordinator has made those arrangements and will have confirmation numbers . you will be responsible for booking your flight arrangements and rental cars in boston . if anyone has questions , please leave me a message or e - mail . i am out on the road recruiting at the other schools i am assigned to . thanks again , geynille 
2	Subject: new pharm site new great prices humberto refill notification ref : ffv - 7848239245 dear bait - sneakily @ em . ca , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , leopoldo queen antony protagonist wax dorado selectman topaz la thou denmark else bennington commonplace filmmake byway landau beacon roundoff certainty kyoto tracy watchmen avenge trinidad adverb prophecy marketplace armpit tweed remainder taste o ' clock bullyboy congress perpetuity hutchins defocus crass day norris sometime sud dither angelfish rill wiener pint egalitarian tailor gideon parlay victoria clara arum tripe  
2	Subject: fw : personnel request per our discussion , attached is my original request to place gregg penman and richard tomaksi under contract . at mid - year prc they each ranked at 2 . please let me know what i can do to bring closure to this process . laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : sunday , june 24 , 2001 8 : 31 pm to : luce , laura subject : re : personnel request laura do you think we can discuss after prc . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : luce , laura sent : thu 6 / 21 / 2001 10 : 55 am to : lavorato , john cc : slone , jeanie ; shively , hunter s . subject : personnel request upon review of the chicago business , balancing the need for continuity on behalf of peoples energy and ensuring the ability for hunter and i to manage the chicago joint venture ( enovate ) and the ena / peoples utility transaction from houston , it is our recommendation to place richard tomaski and gregg penman under contract with enron . gregg holds responsibility for all office management , customer origination and reporting to enron / peoples . in my absence he serves as my eyes and ears to the overall business . while i have been in houston we speak daily regarding all management of the business including , but not limited to contracting with over 40 counterparties , long term origination including allegheny and constellation , control of enovate credit policy , control of enovate risk management policy ( with frank hayden ) and overall office management . gregg receives high marks from enron legal , credit , risk management , and finance as a tremendous resource and from peoples sr . management . i believe enron many times overlooks the importance of account management and gregg is a classic example of an employee who balances the needs of the customer with keeping enron ' s interests foremost . i am confident gregg is key to ensuring the transaction with peoples is renewed in 3 years . richard holds responsibility for the daily business of enovate . he is proven in his ability to hold the trust of peoples gas / north shore providing an array of " no - risk " value for enron and enovate . richard serves as the information conduit to the central desk and enron houston . richard is excellent at balancing his role to enron and the complete trust that peoples has placed in him . richard is a rare find and perfect fit in a joint venture because of his tenure at enron involving stints in economics , risk management , structuring and trading . richard is the key reason we have kept a balance of trust with the utilities of peoples . richard has been engaged with this customer for 3 years and the trust / knowledge peoples bestows to richard is directly related to this history , richard ' s hard work and inherent customer skills . a departure by richard would provide a very difficult issue for hunter and i due to the balanced approach richard exemplifies . richard is hunter ' s on sight control of the enovate business . if you would like to discuss this further , please contact me at 713 / 853 - 3855 . i recommend we proceed immediately and prior to my full - time departure from chicago scheduled for august . 
2	Subject: download programs from our site good day sir , get all your downloadable needs from here : http : / / sofnpn . info / in . php ? aid  88 no : sofnpn . info / fgh . php thanks , ms robb pink banana black peach edwards : but what have we seen ? relentless negative attacks against john . so in the weeks ahead , we know what ' s coming , don ' t we ? . grapefruit . the librarians don ' t remember skiing for more than an hour . . pink . 
2	Subject: gas management agreement daren , will there ever be a need to utilize transport to get supply to the plant other than through the 2 lone star agreements ? if so , would we be using tenaska transport agreements or ena ? 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 24 - us response to terrorism updates below on afghanistan campaign , key issues for energy / financial markets in " phase two " of campaign , federal reserve activity , and nuclear plant security . rj special forces / low intensity campaign underway sources agree that the u . s . military operation in afghanistan has begun . indications of special forces activity were strongly signaled when taliban forces shot down a u . s . unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) on monday . the uav that was shot down , a predator , has a range of less than 400 miles , suggesting that u . s . special forces are closing in on afghanistan . special forces units are concentrating on intelligence gathering and targeting key bin ladin installations , as well as attempting to locate bin ladin himself . as defense secretary donald rumsfeld noted yesterday , " there will not be a d - day as such . " the afghanistan campaign at least initially will not be like desert storm , where cnn cameras in baghdad hotels offered real - time imagery of u . s . air strikes . the first phases of this war are being fought largely in secret , punctuated intermittently by what little coverage the media can provide . the action in phase one includes night raids , a lot of small - scale special operations reconnaissance and , when necessary , direct contact raids . a large military strike using airpower is also forthcoming , but is unlikely to be reported in real - time . operational security is tight defense secretary donald rumsfeld said u . s . military officials will refuse to comment on anything that will endanger troops or operations . " and anyone that does talk to any of you about that is breaking federal criminal law and should be in jail , " rumsfeld said . when asked if he would lie to the press to disguise u . s . military operations , rumsfeld said " you never say never . " next phases of u . s . campaign more important to markets if us military action is limited to afghanistan , any immediate spike in oil prices is unlikely to endure because such a limited attack will not directly impact oil supply . however , us officials have said that the war on terrorism will go far beyond afghanistan , so markets will continue to exhibit some degree of uncertainty until further developments take place . in the short term , oil supplies would be most directly affected by strikes against iraq . but any spike might be short lived as opec has enough spare capacity to cover an iraqi outage . in the medium term , oil markets might express fears over regional stability in the middle east and persian gulf regions as a result of us military strikes and possible subsequent terrorist attacks . it is expected that iraqi biological - chemical weaponry will receive considerable attention in the days ahead and as has been widely reported , there is a split in the bush administration over whether to include iraq . the iraqi weapons of mass destruction capability is likely to once again complicate the rollover of the un oil - for - food program in december , which could lead to the iraqis removing their oil from the market independently of what is happening in afghanistan . another key issue is whether the expected refugee crisis and rising islamic radicalism will destabilize the nuclear - armed pakistani government . saudis showing increased cooperation in oil policy and in military planning after a brief furor when the saudi government announced that the u . s . would not be able to expand its operations at the prince sultan airbase near riyahd , us - saudi cooperation has improved . the public announcement of the airbase prohibition had been a pr move by the saudis to head off domestic accusations of handing blank checks to the usa . centcom has subsequently transferred its ops command to saudi arabia . in addition , the saudis have responded to u . s . pressure by officially severing relations with the taliban . in vienna , all indications are that the saudis are working toward an opec agreement to keep the market well supplied with oil and to not take advantage of the political uncertainty affecting the crude markets by cutting production . the most likely outcome is that opec will officially hold production at current levels , but agree to limited cheating to ensure adequate supply . another possibility is that opec will lower the target range for the opec basket price that would take lower demand forecasts into account . either step would allow opec to preserve cohesion at a time of political and economic uncertainty . if prices continue a rapid decline after the vienna meeting , washington and riyadh might come up with a " politically correct " way to " spin " an output reduction by blaming market volatility on speculators rather than on opec . the cartel is likely to reconvene in early november to reassess market conditions . fed shifts its model to adapt to new economic reality the fed is still struggling to answers for what recent events will do to the economy but it ' s clear that three elements of their model have fundamentally changed : 1 . the most important is a significant drop in all aspects of individuals ' and companies ' risk tolerance , which must be reversed quickly . the fed has done its bit by stabilizing the financial system and congress is stepping in with a total stimulus package of $ 100 - 150 billion ( greenspan supports $ 100 bln ) . on the diplomatic / military side , the balanced , multilateral approach of the administration together with discreet pressure on opec to reduce prices is all designed to stabilize expectations and boost sentiment . 2 . on rates , while the fed is expected to keep cutting ( they won ' t disappoint the market ) , sources report that greenspan is actually quite comfortable using liquidity to alter actual fed funds rather than changing official rates . however , the fed governors are increasingly convinced that sentiment really depends on military success and they are even more aware than that they are running out of ammunition on the rate cutting side . 3 . despite greenspan ' s protests we are looking at a fiscal boost that will push the budget to at least a 1 % of gdp deficit . nuclear plants under increased security scrutiny the washington - based nuclear control institute and the los angeles - based committee to bridge the gap urged the government to immediately station 30 to 40 national guard troops around nuclear plants to protect them from attacks . the watchdog groups also said the government should be prepared to deploy anti - aircraft weapons to shoot down attack planes . another needed measure is to carefully re - check the background of all nuclear plant employees and contractors to prevent internal sabotage . 
2	Subject: gift someone you love with a rolex royal replicas r genuine swiss rolex replicas wholesale prices direct to the public world wide shipping the lowest prices guranteed ! if you are after a genuine rolex replica then look no further ! i would like to recommend to you this website . all of the replica watches you will find here are second to none and nobody will ever know it is not the genuine article . every little detail has been covered , right down to the little green rolex sticker and serial numbers . view online catelog do you want out ?  
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company wili automaticaily become a world ieader : it isguite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: account billing statement selma wholesale and retails aaaa true mirror image replicca at http : / / wni . timecrescendostar . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein if you ' re all alone when the pretty birds have flown etchegaray fpu eskey mzo 7 dmyres buddington doin ' it right , day and nightdoin ' it right , day and night 
2	Subject: re : stinson gibner paula : he should access eci on our equipment , and the work that he is doing for ena should be provided by them . lyn : can he bring his current pc with him , or can you provide him with another system ? thanks richard weeks enron communications inc . purchasing manager 713 - 853 - 6995 paula corey 01 / 10 / 00 08 : 44 am to : richard weeks / enron communications @ enron communications , culley harrelson / enron @ gateway cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard weeks / enron communications @ enron communications subject : stinson gibner gentlemen : stinson gibner will be joining us at desk location 4415 c . i have spoken with it re : a new laptop for him on the eci lan . he will also need access to his ect ( ena ) system . how should we proceed with duplicating his workstation from 19 ? thank you paula 
2	Subject: you have won euro lottery ( please contact your claims agent ) el gordo international lottery organisation ' gunzma el bueno ' madrid , spain 2347890 njm ref : eaasl / 941 oyi / 02 batch : 12 / 25 / 0034 winning notification we happily announce to you the draw of the euro lottery international programs held on the lst of febuary 2005 in london . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 564 75600545 188 with serial number 5388 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : 31 - 6 - 26 - 13 - 35 - 7 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million , five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) in cash credited to file c / 9080118308 / 02 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 125 million dollars , shared amongst the first fifty ( 50 ) lucky winners in this category . this year lottery program jackpot is the largest ever for europian lottery . the estimated $ 125 million jackpot would be the sixth - biggestin the europian history . the biggest was the $ 363 million jackpot thatwent to two winners in a may 2000 drawing of the big game , mega millions predecessor . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in our play coupon . in view of this , your us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million , five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) would be released to you by our affiliate bank in spain . our agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds to you as soon as you make contact with him . all participants were selected randomly from the ' world wide web ' site through a computer ballot system and extracted from over 100 , 000 company addresses . this promotion takes place annually . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is a part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some unscrupulous elements . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent with the below details for processing of your claims . agent : mr . danny alvares or mrs . kate henshaw ( foreign operations personnel , atlantico groupo seguidad s . a ) email : mr _ dannyalvaresl @ telkom . net tel : + 447040113463 note that all claims process and clearance procedures must be duely completed early to avoid impersonation arising to the issue of double claim . to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with us or our designated agent . congratulations once more from all members and staffs of this program . thank you for being part of our promotional lottery program . faithfully , smith carpenter . afro - asian zonal coordinator . 
2	Subject: iafe membership shirley , please , renew my membership . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000 10 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - main @ iafe . org on 12 / 05 / 2000 03 : 47 : 45 pm to : cc : subject : iafe membership dear colleague : we are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive year with dozens of activities around the world . as we enter our 10 th year of operations , the iafe has additional membership options available to you . please take a moment to look at the attached membership form with the 2001 rate schedule . based on member requests , a premium membership is now being offered that includes the annual conference at a 30 % discount , the financial engineer of the year dinner , plus a subscription to the journal of derivatives ( jod ) . the full membership remains as in previous years . the new regular membership includes all membership benefits except jod . membership is based on the calendar year january 1 - december 31 , 2001 . membership is also available on our secured membership registration form at our website http : / / www . iafe . org / about / join . ihtml . while on our website , please take a moment to visit our calendar listing upcoming events for the new year . if you have any questions please don ' t hesitate to contact me at main @ iafe . org . regards , donna jacobus iafe office manager - 2001 membership application . pdf 
2	Subject: caiso notice - market certifications for november , 2000 through may , 2001 iso market participants sc settlement contacts attached are the summaries of market certifications for november and december , 2000 and for january - may , 2001 . the iso will mail individual certifications to creditors later this week . > client relations communications crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: internship opportunity dear mr . kaminski , it was very nice to talk with you saturday morning during the " voleyball event " . thanks a lot for offering your help in passing my resume to the enrononline business people . i am very excited about the possibility of being part of the team involved with e - commerce at enron . please find my resume and cover letter attached . hope you have a good trip to california next week ! thanks a lot carla di castro ( paulo issler ' s spouse ) - cover letter - enron . doc - resumenovo . doc carla di castro phone ( 281 ) 565 - 4283 pager ( 281 ) 527 - 6073 
2	Subject: quick cash foreclosure investing secrets revealed asset solutions , 2100 llc 16420 se mcgillivary # 103 - 1007 vancouver , wa 98607  
2	Subject: how one can become a terrorist ? welcome to our web site www . shadowcrew . com / phpbb 2 / index . php please use http : / / 63 . 240 . 81 . 5 in case of our domain outage . you \ ' re invited to shop for large selection of bombs and different kinds of rockets such as surface - to - air , surface - to - surface and weaponry available at reduced price . with the following types of rockets you will be able to commit terrorist attacks , destroy buildings , electric power stations , bridges , factories and anything else that comes your mind . most items are in stock and available for next day freight delivery in the usa . worldwide delivery is available at additional cost . prices are negotiable . please feel free to inquire by icq # 176928755 or contacting us directly : + 1 - 305 - 592 - 2222 + 1 - 919 - 319 - 8249 + 1 - 314 - 770 - 3395 today special : * * * * * * * air bombs * * * * * * * ofab - 500 u he fragmentation air bomb fuel - air explosive air bombs - not in stock betab - 500 u concrete - piercing air bomb zb - 500 rt incendiary tank 500 - kg size rbk - 500 u unified cluster bomb rbk - 500 u oab - 2 . 5 pt loaded with fragmentation submunitions rbk - 500 u betab - m loaded with concrete - piercing submunitions - not in stock rbk - 500 u ofab - 50 ud loaded with he fragmentation submunitions * * * * * * * unguided aircraft rockets * * * * * * * main - purpose unguided aircraft rockets s - 8 unguided aircraft rockets s - 8 kom s - 8 bm - not in stock s - 13 unguided aircraft rockets s - 13 , s - 13 t , s - 13 - of , s - 13 d , s - 13 df s - 25 - 0 s - 25 - ofm s - 24 b - not in stock rs - 82 rs - 132 - not in stock * * * * * * * rocket pods * * * * * * * b - 8 m pod for s - 8 rockets b - 8 v 20 - a pod for s - 8 rockets b - 13 l pod for s - 13 rockets recently received * new * hydra 70 2 . 75 inch rockets air - launched 2 . 75 - inch rockets fim - 92 a stinger weapons system stinger 101 : anti - air our clients are well known al - qaida , hizballah , al - jihad , hamas , abu sayyaf group and many other terrorist groups . we are well known supplier in the market and looking forward to expand our clientage with assistance of internet . do not hesitate to contact us via icq # 176928755 impatiently awaiting for your orders , shadowcrew 
2	Subject: pg & e texas pipeline kellie , pg & e will probably try to bill us for parking a volume of 10 , 263 for august 8 and 9 at $ . 03 / mmbtu each day . please do not pay this charge when we receive this invoice . pg & e was unable to make deliveries into el paso because of high sulfur content in their gas and is trying to charge us with a parking charge for gas that they could not deliver . please let me know if you need any additional information . thanks . 
2	Subject: revised hpl nom . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 31 / 2000 02 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 31 / 2000 02 : 01 : 02 pm to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : revised hpl nom . . . i passed on the change to george . . . ( see attached file : egmnom - feb . xls ) - egmnom - feb . xls 
2	Subject: cheap oem software shipping worldwide . rhombus recaptures usenix crockett neuritis dizzy grain nostril inertia exclamations backplane awarders onto thickly detract lays bewailing telephoners staley precedences amicable usual dispatchers siberian smoothbore decadently scalings hydrogen intestate ghetto tediously advise talmudize forays ferrer oblong heroin neighborhood licensed  
2	Subject: re : final final meeting dave , we have scheduled , tuesday , august 15 th , 9 : 00 - 10 : 00 a in eb - 49 c 2 for your final final meeting on deal profitability . please mark your calendar accordingly . adr david foti @ ees 08 / 08 / 2000 09 : 57 am to : audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron cc : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron subject : final final meeting audrey : one part of the computer system was not working for our last deal profitability meeting . steve wanted to get together in a couple of weeks to see the final piece . i would appreciate it if you could set up a meeting ( 1 hour ) with the group before 8 / 17 if possible - - baring the following days : all fridays & 8 / 14 . thanks . dave 
2	Subject: complimentary $ 100 starbucks gift card giveaway congrats bruceg @ em . ca , you ' ve been selected to participate in our ' free * ' $ 100 starbucks card promotion . to claim your $ 100 starbucks card before it ' s too late ! please click here this is a limited time promotion , please claim your $ 100 starbucks card before it ' s too late ! to stop recieving these newsletters send all requests to : 199 e . flagler st # 665 miami , florida 33131 or call : ( 305 ) - 428 - 3733 to unsubscribe , go to : here quote of the day : why do dogs walk around in circles before lying down ? can a metal plate in your head get rusted ? do stuttering people stutter when they ' re thinking to themselves ? if the day before a holiday is called christmas eve , is the day after christmas adam ? once you ' re in heaven , do you get stuck wearing the clothes you were buried in for eternity ? how come you can kill a deer and put it on your wall but it ' s illegal to keep them as a pet ? what do vegetarians feed their dogs ? can someone give up lent for lent ? why would dodge make a car called ram ? why does a round pizza come in a square box ? why is it when we duck they call us chicken ? why is there a size 12 - 14 , 14 - 16 , 16 - 18 , and so forth , but no 13 , 15 , and 17 ? what did cured ham actually have ? if cd   s were spun in the opposite direction , would it say everything backwards ? if lava melts rock , wouldn   t the lava melt the volcano ? if a man has no fingers , can he press charges ? can a blind man see his future ? are children who use sign language allowed to talk with their mouth full ? why does a round pizza come in a square box ? why do people say , " you ' ve been working like a dog " when dogs just sit around all day ? can you write in pencil on an eraser ? hoshe shuwaph csvdfh jamameju fn - db wikefuwiqu foquofik wokab phacux shahegishik fequafush stubomomaqu  
2	Subject: re : dr . bernard loyd at mckinsey ( agriculture ) hi , thanks for the document on your practice . i forwarded it to the relevant parties . they will take a look at it and get back to me when they wish to take the next steps with you and your colleagues at mckinsey . regards , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : @ enron sent : wednesday , march 07 , 2001 11 : 28 am to : mack , iris subject : re : dr . bernard loyd at mckinsey ( agriculture ) below is some material on the practice . b to : bernard _ loyd @ mckinsey . com 03 / 07 / 2001 cc : 10 : 21 am subject : re : dr . bernard loyd at mckinsey ( agriculture ) hi , thanks for your prompt response . my colleagues would indeed like to chat with you about the agriculture industry some time in the future . can we touch bases in a few weeks . in the mean time , do you have any materials you can forward to us about mckinsey ' s agriculture group ? thanks , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : @ enron sent : wednesday , march 07 , 2001 2 : 17 am to : mack , iris subject : re : iris mack at enron hey iris , great to hear from you and welcome back stateside ! i would be delighted to meet with you and your colleagues . bernard margot tyler 03 / 06 / 2001 to : bernard 02 : 41 pm loyd / chi / northamerica / mckinsey cc : subject : re : iris mack at enron - - - - - forwarded by margot tyler / chi / northamerica / mckinsey on 03 / 06 / 2001 02 : 41 pm - - - - - to : margot _ tyler @ mckinsey . com 03 / 06 / 2001 cc : 02 : 27 pm subject : re : message for bernard hi again , i had lunch today with some of the guys in my group who work on agriculture - related deals and on weather derivatives . i mentioned to them about bernard ' s working at mckinsey and specializing in the agriculture area . we thought it might be worthwhile if we all had a chat and / or met to discuss possible collaborative efforts . will you please forward this email on to bernard to see if this might be of interest to him ? thanks , iris | this message may contain confidential and / or privileged | | information . if you are not the addressee or authorized to | | receive this for the addressee , you must not use , copy , | | disclose or take any action based on this message or any | | information herein . if you have received this message in | | error , please advise the sender immediately by reply e - mail | | and delete this message . thank you for your cooperation . | | this message may contain confidential and / or privileged | | information . if you are not the addressee or authorized to | | receive this for the addressee , you must not use , copy , | | disclose or take any action based on this message or any | | information herein . if you have received this message in | | error , please advise the sender immediately by reply e - mail | | and delete this message . thank you for your cooperation . | - afc qual pack . zip > 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? as seen on oprah - r ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? olex replicas ?  real reproductions wrist - watches i have this trade names available too : carrier vacheron constantin roger dubuis zenith tudor  
2	Subject: confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge u . - urgent the attached file contains the tentative program for two back - to - back real options conferences ( a professional one for july 5 - 6 , and the standard annual academic one for july 7 - 8 ) at cambridge u . your name has been provisionally included on the program . please check all the information relating to you and confirm your participation as listed ( or advice us of desired changes immediately ) . thank you . lenos - 4 thconfsessions . doc lenos trigeorgis professor of finance university of cyprus dept of business 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537 cy 1678 nicosia cyprus tel : + 357 2 892261 fax : 339063 
2	Subject: online pharmaub do you want a inexpensive perscriptions ? http : / / woml . keej . com 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 6 / 4 - 6 / 8 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1045 mmbtu / d ( 96 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 856 mmbtu / d and rio puerco at 3 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 452 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2385 mmbtu / d ( 86 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 780 mmbtu / d ( 68 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1150 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1138 mmbtu / d ( 99 % ) - socaltop , capacity 468 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 467 mmbtu / d ( 100 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 5 . 82 pg & e , large pkgs 3 . 15 tw san juan 2 . 62 tw permian 3 . 40 friday ' s enron online bases : jul jul - oct nov - mar perm - ca 2 . 29 1 . 04 1 . 23 sj - ca 3 . 17 1 . 75 1 . 42 sj - waha . 91 . 73 . 21 perm - waha . 03 . 02 . 015 
