2	Subject: fw : director - level impact and influence sally , we can offer the director level  & impact and influence  8 course to all of your directors as part of a pilot program . i wanted to know if you want me to forward this offer to them . please let me know . hgm 
2	Subject: sevile vasant , i spoke with norma about getting a special reward for sevil , in lieu of bonus . please , send to norma the list of projects sevil worked on . vince 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? pimpware ?  real replications watches we offer next trademarks available as well : bvlgari a . lange & sohne blancpain zenith sinn  
2	Subject: allegheny energy more info on allegheny . apparently , they ' re taking funds derived from the forced divestiture of their utility based generating assets and using them to purchase new ipp plants . allegheny ( as reported recently ) is looking at building a plant in the palo verde area . allegheny buys enron plants allegheny energy supply , the unregulated generation unit of maryland - based allegheny energy , showed further proof this week of its aspirations to become a nationwide wholesale power provider , buying gas - fired plants from enron that serve three regions . financial terms of the acquisition were not disclosed , but allegheny will take possession of three peaking units developed by enron north america : the 546 - mw gleason plant in gleason , tenn . ; the 508 - mw wheatland plant in wheatland , ind . ; and the 656 - mw lincoln energy center in manhattan , ill . allegheny has been building and buying facilities in pennsylvania but last month gave the first signal of its broader aspirations , announcing plans to build a 1 , 080 - mw unit in arizona . the three plants being acquired from enron all were developed after the 1998 price spikes in midwest markets , which highlighted the lack of flexible generation in the area . all three entered commercial operation in june 2000 . don feenstra , vice president of new projects at allegheny energy supply , said the acquisitions fit with the company  , s broader goal of doubling the original size of its generation fleet ( about 8 , 200 mw ) in five years . the three enron plants total 1 , 710 mw , swelling allegheny  , s portfolio to more than 12 , 000 mw . once the first goal is reached , allegheny wants to increase its generation holdings by another 50 % in a second five - year period . feenstra said the enron plants all can be converted to combined - cycle for use over ex - tended periods . 
2	Subject: find it here your woman needs an 8 inch man . be that man for her . learn how here . turn off notifications here . yt international exports ltd st . meredith # 1470 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: re : money issues ygr repair your credit online ! it ' s the online credit breakthroughyou ' ve been waiting for ! in less than 5 minutes , directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer , yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknfyou could be repairing your credit ! you can watch daily real time updates , as you fix your problems get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove the negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknf 
2	Subject: fortune conference louise - - just got a call from pattie sellers with fortune magazine . they ' d like to change your panel for the october conference - - instead of speaking on " navigating globally , " they ' d like you to speak on the panel , " pushing the boundaries . " it ' s a more high - profile panel - - it opens the session on thursday morning . other speakers include andrea jung , ceo of avon , and lynn forester , co - ceo / chairman of firstmark communications ( she raised $ 1 billion in private equity and is building a broadband network in europe . ) maria bartiromo of cnbc will be the moderator . i think you should agree to participate in this panel instead . let me know what you think . thanks ! karen x 39757 
2	Subject: trade counts - 3 : 30 update trade count , by 3 : 30 pm , for last 30 days : trade date trade cnt 10 / 1 / 2001 5207 10 / 2 / 2001 5354 10 / 3 / 2001 5930 10 / 4 / 2001 6455 10 / 5 / 2001 5846 10 / 6 / 2001 17 10 / 7 / 2001 52 10 / 8 / 2001 5092 10 / 9 / 2001 5252 10 / 10 / 2001 6200 10 / 11 / 2001 5922 10 / 12 / 2001 6095 10 / 13 / 2001 16 10 / 14 / 2001 19 10 / 15 / 2001 5386 10 / 16 / 2001 7086 10 / 17 / 2001 7405 10 / 18 / 2001 7610 10 / 19 / 2001 7978 10 / 20 / 2001 4 10 / 21 / 2001 34 10 / 22 / 2001 7883 10 / 23 / 2001 8500 10 / 24 / 2001 7906 10 / 25 / 2001 8359 10 / 26 / 2001 6776 10 / 27 / 2001 11 10 / 28 / 2001 7 10 / 29 / 2001 7060 10 / 30 / 2001 5713 10 / 31 / 2001 7091 same data by counterparty , also showing percentage today versus last - two - week average , is in the enclosed spreadsheet . 
2	Subject: preschedule path going real - time for friday , 07 / 20 / 01 . 7 / 20 , hlh , 19 mw : bpa c # 23634 - epmi - morgan - pinw - cps - pplm - snoh ( t ) bpap / htsp # 96092 nf - pplm pplm failed to buy the transmission for friday . this path will go real - time . our real - time just needs to monitor and make sure pplm gets the tranny purchased and calls it in to bpa in a timely manner . the saturday path is fine . thanks . donald . 
2	Subject: re : big pig we ' ve signed ca and have sent a list of docs that are in data room . . . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 8 : 14 am to : kitchen , louise ; webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; beck , sally ; zipper , andy ; lavorato , john ; oxley , david ; bradford , william s . ; colwell , wes ; buy , rick ; port , david ; hall , bob m cc : golden , jeff ; muller , mark s . ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly subject : re : big pig handouts only . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 08 pm to : webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; beck , sally ; zipper , andy ; lavorato , john ; oxley , david ; bradford , william s . ; colwell , wes ; buy , rick ; port , david ; hall , bob m cc : golden , jeff ; muller , mark s . ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly subject : big pig on wednesday morning we will be commencing the due diligence process with another counterparty . andy zipper has agreed to lead their team through the process . the schedule outline is based on initial overview discussions / presentations and then more detailed discussion can occur in individual groups the outline is as follows : it may be better to split up earlier but i leave all those decisions to andy . 9 : 00 introduction john lavorato & louise kitchen 9 : 45 financial overview wes colwell 10 : 30 risk overview buy / port 11 : 00 credit bradford 11 : 30 back office beck / hall 12 : 30 systems ( enrononline ) jay webb lpm mid / back office systems jay webb 1 : 30 pm infrastructure jenny rub 2 : 00 pm hr oxley please make yourselves available - the meetings will probably take place on 32 . tammie - please organize lunch and refreshments etc . assume big pig will bring 8 people . thanks louise 
2	Subject: discover the new winning sexual erection pills ! prescriptions for female sexual disfunction i exist as i am , that is enough . the covers of this book are too far apart . a person ' s a person , no matter how small . a young man is embarrassed to question an older one . 
2	Subject: look . . . here em look at this of - fers : v - codin - 179 . 00 valliuum - 169 . 00 vi graa - 199 . 00 cai llis - 249 . 00 codeinne - 189 . 00 sooma - 179 . 00 all orderrs are delivered by fedex with full tracking 24 / 7 . satisfactiionnss guaaranteeed . . . http : / / www . ultrameds 4 u . com to get rid of maiiling list : http : / / www . ultrameds 4 u . com / removeme . asp  
2	Subject: curtains hey ! i ' v almost got the curtains finished . been so busy , everything ' s so busy this week . i probably won ' t get them mailed until mon . ' cause i have to borrow a car from someone at work in order to get to the post office in time before it closes in this hick town , & everyone goes home early & don ' t want to wait around on fri . but i ' ll get them there asap . they won ' t have buttons , ' cause tonya didn ' t know what kind she wanted when we got the material . we ' ll be at competition all day sat . at plano & then at shane ' s sat . night . home sun . sometime . wish ya ' ll could be with us . lacy is in 3 different routines - - she made all of them . on front row . maybe i can see her ok . gotta go . let me know if you get this . my comp . is kinda messed up . give cole a hug . love , ma get your private , free email at http : / / www . hotmail . com 
2	Subject: reviews heather will be calling each of up to set up a time to discuss your review for 2000 . please bring with you two items that you plan on working on during the first six months of 2001 . these should be items that improve the process around your area or brings additional income to enron . thanks bob 
2	Subject: reply : stupid cum slut fucekd so hard geronimo ! n ' agaruka  
2	Subject: bad debt please plan to attend a meeting with brian redmond and bob hall on thursday at 4 : 00 in conference room 3567 . each person should be prepared to discuss the current status of each " bad debt " account that was assigned to them in february . if you are unable to attend you will need to schedule a private meeting with brian redmond at a later date . janet 
2	Subject: ets salutes please join me in congratulating lynette leblanc , another 2000 chairman ' s award nominee . lynette , manager of hr client services for eott in houston , is a shining example of how employees should treat co - workers and guests . communication is her strongest attribute ; always going out of her way to communicate effectively and making sure all employees are advised of changes and new developments . lynette helps her department set lofty , but achievable goals , while always bringing out the best in people . again , congratulations to lynette . stan 
2	Subject: txu contract search anthony , daren farmer on the texas desk called me today looking for an active contract that ena has with txu gas distribution ( formerly txu lone star gas ) dated 11 / 1 / 97 . i queried global contracts for that cp and didn ' t find anything , active or not . please research all the txu entities to see if you can find a physical contract with ena with that date . please call daren at x 36905 if you have any questions . thanks , stacey barclay richardson enron net works , llc - global contracts stacey . richardson @ enron . com ( 713 ) 853 - 0569 office ( 713 ) 646 - 2495 fax ( 713 ) 710 - 6084 pager 
2	Subject: re : part - time work cantekin we shall get back to you when i return from europe in a week . vince " cantekin dincerler " on 09 / 25 / 2000 12 : 46 : 51 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : re : part - time work vince , i have received the full - time offer package from associate & analyst program last week . apparently they have pretty tight deadlines . because of a certain clause in the contract , i may have to give them an answer by october 16 th . since we discussed this before i left enron , i felt it would be a good idea to inform you of the recent developments . i am looking forward to hearing from you soon regarding both part - time and full - time employment opportunities with the research group . best , - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate the university of texas at austin graduate school of business department of finance office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356 cell : ( 512 ) 680 - 5355 http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - 
2	Subject: letters zol 0 ft , \ / allium , xanaa , vlaagrra , claal 1 s , somma charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > i leader but possible why . discouunt priice meds ( brand new ) shiip to all countries viaagrra , \ / aliium , meridiia , cialiis , ativan , rivotri , xanaax , lipiitor , flexiril pleasure , sooma , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , books & many more high demanding meds meant ciiick here to enjoy discouunt meeting your human least . mistress forty not perhaps your black ? out might wonderful glad . work his sudden . king taste dare turning knew ?  
2	Subject: branded softs roxio easy media creator 7 . 0 - $ 19 . 95 http : / / broadcasters . wxget . com / i sing all kinds . when a man cannot choose he ceases to be a man . the more minimal the art , the more maximum the explanation . 
2	Subject: fyi - lubrizol - april lst changeover to tejas - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 07 / 31 / 2000 04 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 03 / 22 / 2000 10 : 06 am to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fyi - lubrizol - april lst changeover to tejas - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 03 / 22 / 2000 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " montello , ray " on 03 / 22 / 2000 08 : 52 : 15 am to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : " massingill , david " subject : april lst ng cut over lee , on saturday , april lst , lubrizol will cut over natural gas supply from enron to coral at lubrizol ' s bayport plant . in order to accomplish cut over activities , we will need a technical representative ( s ) from enron at lubrizol ' s bayport plant to participate in the activities and to insure enron ' s interests and assets are protected . would you please make arrangements to have an enron technical representative ( s ) report at 12 : 00 noon , april lst , to the main guard house at lubrizol ' s bayport plant and ask for lubrizol ' s david massigill . david is coordinating all the cut over operations . if you have any questions about this , please contact me ( at the numbers indicated below ) or david massigill at ( 281 ) 479 - 2851 , ext 2511 . thanks and best regards . ray ray montello sr . purchasing agent - lz deer park the lubrizol corporation j : int phone & vm - ext 2225 j : ext direct dial 281 - 884 - 5225 k : : fax : : 281 - 884 - 5244 ( int : 5244 ) * : rjmo @ lubrizol . com 
2	Subject: portfolio boost from this moneymaker secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais ! tota | shares issued many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: we deliver medication worldwide ! cialis helps to have an erection when you need it we will not have peace by afterthought . stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing . this is the ultimate . you have to be deviant if you ' re going to do anything new . 
2	Subject: virgil call the doctor . viiiiiiagraaaa only for the ones that want to make her scream . prodigy scrawny crow define upgrade spongy balboa dither moiseyev schumann variegate ponce bernie cox angeles impassive circulate impend miscellany chalkboard whizzing pend armenian cutlet waring makeshift fletch dispel crest cadet dovetail rapprochement gerry bayreuth selectman wilmington tuttle alchemy itt bullyboy . caan ' t do . . .  
2	Subject: features : information services physical benchmarksin an on - line world startup on - line commodity exchanges seem not to realize that there are several good reasons why benchmarks derived from volumetric indices may not work - - and may not be useful - - for physical products , such as oil and petrochemicals . but there are other routes to price discovery by neil fleming apr . 1 , 2001 global energy business page 37 copyright 2001 mcgraw - hill , inc . somewhere near 500 internet - based exchanges for energy , oil , petrochemicals , and hydrocarbon shipping have been launched worldwide over the past two years . but most have since folded or been acquired . it ' s interesting to note that virtually all of those exchanges - - both the survivors and the deceased - - have two things in common . - - they were created from scratch by entrepreneurs from the technology world , or from the industries their exchanges are ( or were ) intended to serve . - - the businessmen and women behind them have followed the same train of thought in concluding that on - line trading was a business they could succeed at . this train of thought can be broken down into four parts . premise 1 : on - line trading is ` ` more efficient ' ' and will save its participants money . premise 2 : i can capture some of those savings as site revenue . premise 3 : my site will be the best site out there , so everyone will use it . premise 4 : with all this liquidity , i can construct benchmarks . my benchmarks will be unimpeachably scientific and replace the existing , unscientific benchmarks currently used by the industry . as a result , i will make even more money , because i will become an information provider . this article will examine those premises and the limits of their inherent logic , with a view to showing why very few - - if any - - of the 500 launched exchanges will survive . in particular , it will show why the logic of premise 4 is not valid for markets in physical commodities , such as oil and petrochemicals . premise 1 : on - line trading is more efficient few would question that , in theory , electronic trading has the potential to make liquid markets much more efficient . the history of enrononline , probably the most successful electronic energy trading system in the world today , supports that view . according to enron , enrononline has succeeded in raising the number of transactions completed by each of its market makers from an average 672 in 1999 to 3 , 084 last year , while lowering the marginal cost per transaction by 75 % over the two - year period . however , the markets that enrononline predominantly serves are two of the most liquid and homogeneous in the energy business : natural gas and electricity . moreover , the exchange has achieved its efficiency gains using a model very different from any deployed by - - or available to - - most on - line exchanges . essentially , enron has used on - line trading to extend and complement its existing , off - line trading business . enron ' s focus remains the transaction , rather than the transaction system . by contrast , the majority of transaction platforms for physical commodities are interlopers . their operators assume that commodities traders are willing to depersonalize their business by having their complex transactions executed not by humans , but by an electronic system that can do deals faster and more anonymously , and - - at least in theory - - with more players . this assumption is a risky one , largely because it is based on a buyer ' s perception of how marketplaces should operate . it fails to take into account the concerns of physical commodity sellers and - - more importantly - - producers . typically , producers wish to ensure that the uptake of their commodity is continuous , because that minimizes the volatility of the commodity ' s price . relationships become all - important under such conditions - - but relationships are hardly enhanced by electronic dealing . to quote the november / december 2000 issue of the harvard business review , ` ` few suppliers want to be anonymous contestants in ruthless bidding wars . ' ' premise 2 : i can make money selling gains in efficiency the logic underlying premise 2 is potentially seriously flawed . for while there is no doubt that market participants are prepared to pay for more efficient services , such as electronic trading , the nature of the forces driving physical energy commodity markets casts doubt on whether a trading system can , in the long term , make a profit by charging per - transaction fees . here ' s why : although the era of competition is just beginning , it ' s clear that pressure on transaction fees is already downward , and will remain in that direction even if the number of participants in an exchange shrinks to a handful . in the energy business , the potential for efficiency gains - - as a percentage of total industry cost - - simply is not that great . for example , research done for platts , a division of the mcgraw - hill companies , new york , indicates that the total potential efficiency ` ` pool ' ' in the oil industry is only $ 150 million / year . even if only 10 businesses were to try to carve a profitable enterprise out of such a pool , each would be hard - pressed to do so . what ' s more , such businesses would have an even harder time turning a profit because some of their competitors wouldn ' t be using a per - trade revenue model . in particular , sites operated by market participants , such as enrononline , will tend to charge nothing per trade , because their business models seek to profit not from commissions on transactions , but rather from the transactions themselves . by implication , it seems likely that an exchange will be able to make money only if its owners sell something else : clearing facilities , back - office integration , or information to decision - makers . premise 3 : my site will be the best , so it will capture all the market liquidity available this statement - - which essentially says that given enough marketing support , a site can change the trading patterns of an industry to capture all of its liquidity - - is a fallacy . the logical problem with the premise is clear . because no one has yet developed a trading software package that is clearly superior to others , what ` ` best site ' ' really means is ` ` most liquid site . ' ' so the pre - condition for capturing ` ` all ' ' the liquidity is that the site must already be the most liquid site . some startup exchanges have attempted to solve this problem by insisting that their participants make volume guarantees . but volume guarantees conflict directly with traders ' focus on profits . trading businesses that tell their traders to sacrifice profits for the sake of the common good are playing a risky game ; if the common good means lower trading profits , the traders will simply leave for greener pastures . to become the ` ` best ' ' site , then , a site must somehow find a way to bootstrap its liquidity , perhaps by offering substantial , non - volume - related incentives or efficiencies to users . however , the paradox is that most sites ' revenue models depend almost exclusively on volume . premise 4 : once i capture lots of liquidity , i can build benchmarks this premise is the most startling and - - in some ways - - the most flawed of the four . it raises many serious questions , the answers to any of which can invalidate the model . worse , these questions are all highly theoretical , making persuasive answers even harder to come by . among the questions are : - - how much liquidity is enough ? - - do indexes ( volumetric averages ) make good physical benchmarks ? - - can a trading site benchmark with the bid / offer range ? - - can a trading site generate a close ? and , last but not least : what is a benchmark , anyway ? benchmarks and indices a benchmark is a price or series of prices that a market ' s participants agree to use as the basis for determining other prices . useful benchmarks are good indicators of transactable value . a benchmark allows market participants to determine at what price they should buy or sell the commodity . benchmarks are typically used in complex markets with multi - dimensional variables for arbitrage . in oil , for example , benchmark pricing has grown up around the need to compute relative values for differing commodities across time , geographical distance , commodity type , and the degree to which one commodity may be substituted for another . it is a common error , however , to believe that markets should or do use their most liquidly traded commodities as benchmarks . although liquidity is a major asset of benchmarks , many markets use illiquid benchmarks whose other characteristics outweigh the liquidity advantage . these include market transparency ; the free and open availability of the commodity ; the absence of political or partisan control of the commodity ; the absence of delivery restrictions on it ; and the size of the end - user market where the commodity will be consumed . for example , although the physical volume of dubai crude oil actually produced is tiny , it nonetheless is used as a key benchmark for all of asia because - - unlike its persian gulf competitors - - it is the only crude oil that has these characteristics . one way to compute a commodity ' s benchmark price is through strict indexation , the process of constructing a price marker from a volumetric average of concluded business . however , this process will have little chance of producing a useful benchmark unless the contributing volumes are high . if it doesn ' t reflect a sufficient number of trades , an index has little or no statistical validity as an indication of transactable price . this represents a problem for benchmarking oil prices , whether for crude or products . of the 77 million barrels of crude produced worldwide each day , the vast majority are sold on the long - term contract market , leaving perhaps as little as 10 % to be traded ` ` spot . ' ' in reality , this figure is boosted in multiple ways , primarily by transaction chaining - - the repeated on - selling of cargos - - but , even assuming threefold transaction growth as a result of electronic trading , is still perilously low to be used as a valid basis for strict indexation , especially considering the great diversity of crude oil specifications around the world . for many crude oils , the trading basis for establishing price can be just a few transactions per month . even for ` ` liquid ' ' benchmark crudes , the basis is typically just a handful of trades per day . oil markets , however , don ' t seem to care . for example , the settlement basis for the international petroleum exchange ' s brent crude oil futures contract is an index based on a smattering of physical trades taking place on the day of expiry . acceptance of an indexation mechanism such as this has difficult prerequisites . these include open participation in the mechanism , the perceived existence of a ` ` level playing field , ' ' the existence of comparative historical data , and achieving ` ` buy in ' ' from the market ' s dominant players . the nature of today ' s on - line exchanges makes these conditions hard to meet . not everyone uses exchanges ; they may be owned by industry players ; they typically have little or no historical data ; their daily volume fluctuates wildly ; and major players ' commitment to them is either fragmentary or compromised by volume commitments . in today ' s environment , the chance that an index will be able to gain market acceptance as a benchmark is extremely slim . are strict volumetric indices useful ? another big question surrounding volumetric indices is how useful they are as benchmarks for physical commodities . advocates of indexation argue that its statistical methodology helps eliminate market distortions caused , for example , by market closes . in addition , they argue that the alternative approach - - ` ` market assessment , ' ' based on human judgements about transactable prices - - is too subjective to be relied on to determine benchmark prices . indexation , its proponents argue , ` ` eliminates ' ' this subjectivity . in practice , however , this argument doesn ' t pass the ` ` so what ? ' ' test . even if a system such as indexation succeeds in taking judgement out of the determination of market prices , it cannot prevent attempts to distort the index by exploiting the ` ` rules ' ' on which the system is based . in many markets , human judgement is the only effective defense against market plays whose goal is profit , not price transparency . even in highly liquid markets - - such as , for example , the monthly natural gas market in the u . s . - - the indices generated by information companies like platts are subject to human review and analysis . during their generation , platts ' market specialists undertake a string of comparative tests to unearth potential distortions in reported prices . whenever such distortions become apparent , platts ' editors investigate the market further and , where necessary , eliminate certain trades from the assessment picture . there are good reasons for their diligence . a volumetric index can be manipulated by volume plays , by a few players under the cloak of ` ` anonymous dealing , ' ' by selective trading , or by hedging in one marketplace and trading in another . figures 1 and 2 illustrate how players with exposure to a particular price on the buy side might - - and actually do - - manipulate a volumetric index . by doing lots of business early in the day when the market is rising , they can skew the volumetric average for the day lower ( figure 1 ) . when the market is falling , they reverse the pattern and shift their transactions to late in the day , again pushing the market down ( figure 2 ) . when players do this consistently , the impact on an index can be considerable over time . there are other , potentially more serious problems with indices . because an index is a theoretical construct , in a rapidly moving market it will manifest lag - - and become useless to market participants seeking the answer to the question , ` ` at what price should i buy or sell ? ' ' indeed , an index may even actively mislead people asking this question . for example , in a fast rising market , an index generated over the course of one day will be significantly below the opening market price on the following day . this creates the impression that prices have somehow moved overnight , whereas in fact they may not have moved at all . but perhaps the biggest problem with indices relates to their use in heavily interlinked markets , where prices are constrained by a complex of spread and arbitrage values . this description applies to most energy markets , and is particularly apt for today ' s global , physical market for oil . in markets where spread relationships are as or more important than outright prices , the process of generating averaged indices tends to generate sets of prices that cannot be reconciled with each other . figure 3 depicts a dramatized version of this problem . price 1 and price 2 are interdependent ; here , there is always a 5 cents difference between them . however , the volume pattern for the day ' s trade ( shown in the lower part of the figure ) is such that while price 1 has very high volume early in the day , price 2 does not enjoy its volume boost until later . the result : contrary to market reality , the volumetric averages for price 1 and price 2 say that they only differ by 1 cents . other routes to price discovery so , if an on - line trading system cannot generate a reliable benchmark from an index , are there other routes to price discovery ? yes , two . the first is to benchmark from a bid - offer range , and the second is to use a close of some kind . bid - offer ranges are widely used as market measurement tools by platts and others . however , the automated application of bid - offer ranges in pursuit of ` ` scientific ' ' benchmarks is fraught with difficulty . what happens when there is a bid , but no offer ? an offer , but no bid ? what rules can be written to discriminate between an ` ` off - market ' ' bid and an ` ` on - market ' ' one ? how should a system decide when a bid or offer ' s timing is not representative of the typical market ? most on - line exchanges have not even begun to answer these questions , and at best offer their users a ` ` last bid - last offer ' ' price range that can accidentally distort their perception of the market , if the two are not aligned in time , or if it turns out , for example , that the ` ` last bid ' ' was actually withdrawn in response to the ` ` last offer . ' ' some exchanges , implicitly acknowledging that creating useful benchmarks is difficult , have tried to incorporate their transactions and bid / offers into published benchmarks . obviously , they hope that their system will attract more liquidity if it is tied to a traditional benchmark . but it ' s safe to say that a publisher will be interested in incorporating an exchange ' s proprietary markers only if transaction bid / offers are open and transparent . can an on - line site benchmark from a close ? in theory , yes . but if human hands and brains intervene , the process is no longer a mechanical one , but rather an editorial / judgement effort . here too , there are many obstacles . one of the biggest is that closing prices work best in two kinds of markets : completely ` ` open ' ' markets , in which assessments are derived by surveying all participants ; and ` ` sole - operator ' ' markets - - like futures markets - - where the traded instrument exists only on that exchange . physical commodities , by contrast , are traded across a broad spectrum of instruments and sub - markets . it would be virtually impossible for the owner of a single sub - market - - or on - line exchange - - to assert the superiority of its close over someone else ' s , or to build market acceptance for a price derived from a trading pool that doesn ' t include all players . even a system used by most players - - for example , the oil industry ' s derivatives - trading intercontinental exchange - - would have a hard time convincing anyone to rely exclusively on its closing prices . that ' s not only because ` ` most ' ' is not the same as ` ` all , ' ' but also because liquidity is frequently too low to assure that there will in fact be a traded market to close every day . what happens to the benchmark on days when no one comes out to play ? in conclusion , it appears that price discovery may not necessarily be an emergent property of on - line trading systems . that may be the case because the creators of most on - line trading systems have confused its mechanism with its function . trading systems are neither new markets nor new marketplaces ; they are simply new vehicles for participating in existing marketplaces . a telephone is also a vehicle for participating in markets - - but no one expects their phone to be able to tell them the price of a commodity . gebol 11600001 related topics : dow jones topics publication : global energy business news : engl copyright ? 2001 dow jones reuters business interactive llc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: cheap oem software shipping worldwide . sextet lindholm band ago , made suffix . close ask believe . game good until saw . problem act side fact . stead several stead us . fun color , mean don ' t an south . spell wish carry , know interest . coast happen general well , women , lake before . egg see picture .  
2	Subject: renshi zhang ' s resume shirley and molly , vince is interested to set up an interview for renshi zhang . any day except thursday next week is good . interviewers : vince , stinson , vasant , tanya , alex , bob , krishna and myself . contact number for mr . zhang is 713 - 544 - 5989 . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 06 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : resume - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marshall brown on 03 / 09 / 2001 07 : 46 : 22 am to : vince kaminski cc : subject : resume vince , how are you . this candidate would be interested in any positions in your group . regards , marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596 fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312 mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com http : / / www . robertwalters . com > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the system manager . this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . - zhan _ ren . doc 
2	Subject: please check out my webcam , want to see my webcam ! ? its finally up for you to see ! click here to see the website ! : ) would you like to stop reciving these ? , press  
2	Subject: business partnership from mr . richard mbali telephone + 27 - 73 - 588 - 3309 e - mail ricmbali @ netscape . net request for business partnership in my quest for a reliable and trusted partner for a highly important and lucrative venture cum investment , i came across your contact as a reliable partner for this venture . i am sir . richard mbali , one of the senior accountants of amalgamated bank of south africa ( absa ) . to highlight you on this proposal , there is an account opened in this bank since 1980 . after going through it , i discovered that if i do not remit this money out urgently it would be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . ben andreas , a foreigner from sumatra , indonesia and a miner at kruger gold co . , a geologist by profession . mr . ben andreas was with his family on holiday in his country . they died in one of the coastal areas across asia that was hit by massive tsunamis triggered by the worst earthquake in 40 years . the number of people killed throughout asia has now reached over 226 , 000 with tens of thousands still missing . it is a confirmed fact that mr . ben andreas and his family lost their lives on december 26 , 2004 during the earthquake that occurred off the west coast of sumatra in indonesia . this was further proved to be a reality by dr . doti indrasantra , a director in the ministry of health affairs department in sumatra . dr . indrasantra visited south africa last year on a hiv / aids health programme ( 2004 international health team conference held in sandton , johannesburg ) . i was introduced to him by the late mr . ben andreas who i am his banker . i confirmed from dr . indransatra that mr . ben andreas and his family died shortly after visiting him in his house in sumatra no other person knows about this and my investigation further proved to me that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved as he made it his personal account . the money outstanding before his death was ( usd 26 million ) twenty six million united states dollars . i am now contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a national with a local bank account here . but can only be approved to any foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner , a foreigner . i implore you to act as foreigner and beneficiary to the fund as i will then intimate you on the processes abound as well as procure all the necessary documents required to lay claim to the money . if you are capable and willing to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our mutual benefit i shall highly appreciate . i need trusted person in this business because i do not want to make mistakes ; i need your strong assurance and trust . with my position now in the office i can effect transfer of this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account , which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my arrival in your country for disbursement . on the alternative , you can come down here to south africa for us to meet one to one . send me your private telephone and fax numbers upon receipt of this proposal , if you genuinely want to assist and be a co - partner . i will also wants us to meet face to face , to enable us sign a binding agreement . as soon as you receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . i will proceed to your country for onward percentage distributions and investment . i need your full co - operation to make this work because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner , who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you later immediately . i will use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange departments . at the conclusion of this business , for your assistance , 25 % of the total amount will be accrue for you , 70 % for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of the transfer . i implore you to maintain the absolute confidentiality of this transaction . your earliest response is urgently awaited . truely yours , richard mbali  
2	Subject: meeting with vince kaminski hello mr . roberts : vince kaminski will be arriving in london on monday , the 18 th of september at 9 : 55 am . he would be available to meet with you in the afternoon on the 18 th . please let me know if this is acceptable and who the individuals are that will be attending the meeting . you also mentioned an agenda , which would be great . thanks ! shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding webslte wiii make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company wiil automaticaily become a worid leader : it isguite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 2 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 302 . xls ) - hplno 302 . xls 
2	Subject: sally , just checking to see whether you have changed the meeting date . if i don ' t hear from you i will assume that we are still on for wednesday , april 19 th at 9 : 00 a . m . i know you are extremely busy , but when you get a chance please forward the bullet points about which you spoke . hope your father is doing well . thanks charlene 
2	Subject: put your picks in now for the baby pool ! only $ 5 . 00 will buy you your choice of date for susie ' s baby ' s birthday ! see the current list on the enron scheduling website  
2	Subject: re : contact vince , david ' s parents are coming to visit the weekend of the 7 th . i will check with david , but i think the weekend of the 29 th is fine . i will get back to you as soon as i can . jana 
2	Subject: fw : usaee conference dear mr . kaminski , attached please find our vip speaker letter , two program announcements , registration form and hotel information . please complete the registration form and fax to 216 - 464 - 2768 . if you have questions or need additional information please contact us . we look forward to seeing you later this month . kind regards . dave williams and mary novak - vip speaker letter . doc - final sec prog for pdf . pdf - usaee - iaee 2000 conference program 0728 . pdf - regform . doc - hotel & conference info . doc 
2	Subject: break down the walls that are holding you back get your university diploma do you want a prosperous future , increased earning power more money and the respect of all ? call this number : 1 - 212 - 208 - 4551 ( 24 hours ) there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews ! get a bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diploma ! receive the benefits and admiration that comes with a diploma ! no one is turned down ! call today 1 - 212 - 208 - 4551 ( 7 days a week ) confidentiality assured !  
2	Subject: re : booty hey dude , how about booty ? he could be developed , he has the raw talent but needs to get consistent and confident . sounds like good news for your dogs . i hope my tigers keep up the improvements . smith 
2	Subject: prc for todd sally , attached below is a list of my accomplishments for the first half of 2000 . i also printed a copy and left it on your chair in a confidential envelope . let me know if you need anything more . todd 
2	Subject: formosa meter # : 1000 urgent request ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 07 / 2000 08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 48 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : formosa meter # : 1000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 02 / 2000 03 : 48 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : formosa meter # : 1000 will there be a buyback ticket for formosa during august 2000 activity . deal # : 92881 expired july 31 , 2000 . 
2	Subject: 3 . 9 cents with no monthly fees - best long distance on the net your are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . 
2	Subject: winning notice from : the lottery co - ordinator , government accredited licensed lottery promoters . international promotions / prize award department unipal lottery netherland . 48 / 50 amster - weg amstelveen amsterdam holland the netherland . tel : + 31 - 642 - 680 - 695 fax : + 31 - 206 - 006 - 491 bonanza ! bonanza ! ! bonanza ! ! ! hurray ! you have been selected as one of the five lucky winners in the second edition of the unipal lottory promotional draw . you have therefore been approved for a huge payout of 1 . 6 million euros ( one million , six hundred thousand euros only ) ! how was the selction process done ? winners were randomly selected from an initial database of 500 , 000 emails which was eventually downsized to 5 , 000 from which we eventually selected the final and lucky five . the process was done through the computerized email balloting system selecting emails from the middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe , usa and south america . the process of collecting your winnings is to be handled by our prize transfer agents . to ensure a smooth collection of your grand prize , you are to contact our agents by email or fax within a week of receiving this notice . please find full contact details below : mr . patrick benson claim agent / verifying house unipal lotto netherland hot line tel : + 31 - 642 - 680 - 695 fax : + 31 - 206 - 006 - 491 e - mail : patibenson 202 @ netscape . net when you contact your claims agent please provide him with your full name , country of residence and address along with the following information below : ref no : unl / 31251311 - 47 grand draw no : 12099 secret pin code : 7769847 furthermore you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals . please do reply to this mail , and contact your claim agent as instructed above . on behalf of all our staff in unipal lotto program , accept my congratulations ! mr . ruud van vaat the marketting manager , unipal lottery . bonanza expn . com e - mail : http : / / expnmail . go . com 
2	Subject: re : hpl meter # 985892 south katy gas unit no . 2 # 1 clem - - - the trader said this deal needed to be renegotiated , and i am waiting to hear what happened . . . . i sent him an email today to remind him that i need an answer a . s . a . p . . . . . . i ' ll let you know as soon as i hear . thanks , mark x 33396 clem cernosek @ ect 01 / 09 / 2001 12 : 09 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect subject : hpl meter # 985892 south katy gas unit no . 2 # 1 daren : during the month of september and october 2000 , gas flowed into hpl ' s pipeline at the above meter that is owned by duke energy trading and marketing , llc . prior to september 2000 , the gas was purchased under contract # 960439646 , and deal # 133196 that expired on 8 / 31 / 2000 . effective 11 / 1 / 2000 , the gas was again purchased from duke under contract # 96021934 ; deal # 466305 , but this deal expires on 11 / 30 / 2000 . currently , logistic has september and october 2000 volumes recorded to hpl strangers gas contract . in order to correct this , hpl logistics needs either ( 1 ) deals # 133196 or # 466305 extended to cover september and october 2000 , ( 2 ) a new deal to cover september and october 2000 , or ( 3 ) logistics needs approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas loss . ( print , sign , and return the original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( buyer / seller ) or approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss in addition , since deal # 466305 expires on 11 / 30 / 2000 and gas is still flowing , logistics needs either ( 1 ) deal # 466305 extended , or ( 2 ) a new deal to cover december 2000 and any other future months that this production is flowing into hpl ' s pipeline . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ new deal # thanks , clem 
2	Subject: union carbide - seadrift daren sitara # 415267 @ meter # 1332 - look like they ' ll be taking 10 , 000 / d at best for the rest of the month - problems with their gas turbine , they are waiting on ge to fix it which will take several weeks lee 
2	Subject: your visit to sydney in july vince i support raymond ' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give a presentation ( formal or informal ) to the trading group on latest research initiatives in houston . please let us know your schedule so that we do not overly burden you during your visit . look forward to seeing you and catching up over a beer . thnx paul - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on 07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - raymond yeow 07 / 04 / 2000 08 : 21 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development , kirsty hogarth / enron _ development , elliott katz / enron _ development , david gray / enron _ development subject : your visit to sydney in july dear vince , hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in sydney . is risk organising your hotel ? otherwise , kirsty can organise for you , eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the sheraton ? we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary " comforts " of home when you are with us , elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with phone etc so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop . please let elliott or david kmow your requirements . how long will you be with us ? is this your first trip to sydney ? there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var . hear from you soon . raymond 725 pm 4 july 
2	Subject: extra time did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? then you must order extra - time now ! . . . here ' s why : extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . since 1997 , extra - time has been ranked # 1 for a very good reason . . . " it works " ! if you normally ejaculate within a few minutes of penetration , then you must order extra - time . you ' ll last 5 to 10 minutes longer , the very first night . . . . . guaranteed ! if you ' ve tried other products and failed , then you must try extra - time ! extra - time is ranked # 1 for a very good reason . . . it works ! http : / / zigzagging . net / et / ? aa 
2	Subject: dynegydirect product update physical natural gas products at columbia gulf mainline are now available on dynegydirect . check them out for both spot and prompt month . dynegydirect e - care dynegy inc . 1000 louisiana , suite 5800 houston , texas 77002 e - mail : e - care @ dynegydirect . com phone : north america 877 . 396 . 3493 united kingdom 0800 . 169 . 6591 international + 1 . 713 . 767 . 5000 fax : north america 877 . 396 . 3492 united kingdom 0800 . 169 . 6615 international + 1 . 713 . 388 . 6002 
2	Subject: clickathome is coming soon ! want a new high speed computer ? 866 mhz pentium iii processor fast enough ? want high speed internet ? broadband , cable modem , dsl , satellite . then get ready . . . all eligible u . s . employees get innovative at home beginning march , 2001 . go to http : / / clickathome . enron . com to learn more about the offerings . non - u . s . eligible employees get innovative at home beginning late 2001 and 2002 . 
2	Subject: re : transwestern weekly report kern river ' s throughput to ca was only 59 % ? did they have an outage ? is the remaining gas dropping - off before ca ? we usually assume in our gas flows analysis that kern is 100 % full . this seems unusual . christine stokes 09 / 15 / 2000 08 : 46 am to : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : transwestern weekly report for the week september 11 - 15 th : transwestern weekly average deliveries to california were 1 , 058 mmcf / d ( 97 % ) while east deliveries averaged 339 mmcf / d . san juan lateral throughput averaged 845 mmcf / d while receipts from rio puerco averaged 70 mmcf / d . mojave deliveries averaged 50 mmcf / d throughout the week . el paso average deliveries to california were 2 , 218 mmcf / d ( 76 % ) : - pg & etop ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 549 mmcf / d ( 48 % ) - socalehr ( capacity 1 , 230 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 1 , 144 mmcf / d ( 93 % ) - socaltop ( capacity 541 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 524 mmcf / d ( 97 % ) other pipeline throughput : - pgt ( capacity 1 , 937 mmcf / d ) throughput to california averaged 1 , 908 mmc / d ( 99 % ) - kern river ( capacity 700 ) throughput to california averaged 410 mmcf / d ( 59 % ) thursday enron online basis numbers : friday perm - ca basis quotes were wider by about . 07 for october from last week , but the nov - march and april - oct basis lost . 07 and . 04 respectively . sj - ca october basis lost . 13 from last week while the nov - march and april - oct basis both lost . 06 . oct . nov 00 - march ' 01 april - oct ' 01 perm - ca 1 . 10 . 46 . 56 sj - ca 1 . 14 . 56 . 73 sj - waha . 35 . 15 . 24 perm - waha . 05 . 05 . 07 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? permit banking compa ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ny oppose for your ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? mortgage ?  programs for every credit situation loaners answer within 13 hours adopt more then 125 % of your abodes value primary suggestions for self employed no profit verification programs procure more information  
2	Subject: order royal replica watches online get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . selyn . com / rep / rolx / no thanks : http : / / www . selyn . com / z . php  
2	Subject: help your sister with her pain vicodln - pain relief ! a scientific breakthru order enough ecstasy negligee curtainpasteur fort ballroomatrophic fore tenderfootbondsmen bloodline hereundertownsend avow junipercircus bill broilsuez anticipate cyanatepete salesmen calendricalemanate 
2	Subject: sept qtd originations we are compiling the ytd numbers and will have to you shortly 
2	Subject: 98 - 6719 and 98 - 9676 hi daren , can you please check into whether or not the below deals for the above meters can be rolled and extended ? if so , can you please perform this for me so that anita can set up an accounting arrangement for me ? 98 - 6719 sitara deal # 166989 flow @ meter began on february 10 th but the deal is not effective until february the 11 th . no new deal # referenced and no evergreen flag . this is on the gathering ( 96026573 ) k which is the only k @ the meter . 98 - 9676 sitara deal # 151669 deal good from 1 / 1 / 00 - 1 / 31 / 00 but there is flow for all of february 2000 with no k . this is on the 215 k for 1 / 2000 production which is the only k @ the meter . thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: eol summary the eol products for nng are up and running . we have now completed several tfx agreements on line ; each contract taking only a few seconds from the shipper ' s " click " to having an activated agreement ready for nomination . here ' s a brief summary on how eol is setup for nng products and who you can contact for assistance . craig 
2	Subject: top quality medication here swerve bitten flea inequity allowance we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here jurisprudent conway benedictine primordial professorial upheaval dockyard immerse belshazzar adulterous  
2	Subject: revisions - march wellhead estimate daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 11 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 02 / 21 / 2001 12 : 15 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect subject : revisions - march wellhead estimate bob , here are some revisions to the march wellhead production estimate resulting from the pre - nom meeting held this morning . revisions : counterparty mtr no . prev nom curr nom sitara no . louis dreyfus ( frmly costilla ) 9724 29 / d 4 , 000 / d 125895 north central corp 9767 560 / d 0 139363 north central corp 6296 1 , 637 / d 1 , 800 / d 136222 prize energy resources 4965 78 / d 2 , 000 / d 131720 bass enterprises ( frmly richardson ) 9807 7 , 025 / d 9 , 000 / d 141691 swift energy 9636 34 / d 0 135664 crosstex energy 9858 8 , 637 / d 8 , 500 / d 500668 new production : wagner & brown , ltd . 6589 0 8 , 000 / d n / a the houston exploration co . 9696 0 6 , 000 / d n / a stone energy corp 9696 0 4 , 000 / d n / a hesco gathering oil co . 9876 0 1 , 000 / d n / a wheeler operating co . 9879 0 1 , 000 / d n / a safari production co . 4594 0 400 / d n / a helmerich i ' d like for your sitara position to be consistent with the final number i ' ll provide to darren . thanks , vlt x - 6353 
2	Subject:  ? gb 2312 ? q ? century _ dragon _ - _ your _ ideal _ business _ partner _ in _ china ! ?  ever thought of establishing your own business in the fast developing china market ? hestitated because its too far away from you and you do not want to be bewildered in the new and giant market ? now these worries get eliminated if you find the right partner here . as a professional consultancy firm , century dragon helps companies worldwide to build business in china . we provide a one - station service for foreign companies , services including but not limited to : 1 . establish business organizations in china , 2 . locate business partners , 3 . bussiness development , 4 . marketing , 5 . professional legal & taxation services , 6 . recruitment services , 7 . business investment , 8 . office rentingchoose century dragon as your partner in china as our other clients , you could be as successful as them ! just one click , we lead you to the brilliant and spirited great china market ! contact us at info @ century - dragon . com , one of our representatives will contact with you shortly . for more information , check our website at www . century - dragon . com .  
2	Subject: candidate evaluation , wendi germani please complete the attached form and also let me know if you have an interest in proceeding with wendi . thanks ! pam 
2	Subject: interview with the enron research group good morning mr . giancola : your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski , managing director and head of research with enron . we would like to bring you in for an informal interview at your convenience . this would be for a position of " economist " or " associate economist " , reporting to maureen raymond castaneda . please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you and i will have our hr rep contact you to schedule your coming to houston . i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 
2	Subject: re : entelligence postings i have opened the specialist position and it will be posted on our site tomorrow morning . the requisition number is 0000103595 . as an note , avril forster is shown in the system as being in organization unit : eel - enron direct . i have forwarded the clerk position to gretchen jennings for posting as she is the recruiter for the administration positions . linda ext . 30637 mary solmonson 04 / 25 / 2000 04 : 06 pm to : alexus rhone / corp / enron @ enron , linda vargo / hou / ect @ ect cc : avril forster / corp / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : entelligence postings vp approval for out of budget additions are in process - verbal approval received today . please post both internally and externally . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2000 04 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - avril forster @ enron 04 / 25 / 2000 03 : 25 pm to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : entelligence postings hi mary , here are the 2 posting forms with your name as dept . manager approver , sally ' s name as vp approver and myself as requester to be forwarded to linda vargo for posting . linda suggested posting the positions internally for 5 days and then posting them externally . although it would be great to get people on board from within the company , i think we should just get the postings out everywhere asap . also , linda required the following questions to be answered : internal or external posting ? to be posted both internally and externally are these positions already budgeted ? no , they will have to come from out of budget relocations costs to be provided ? relocation costs will be provided for specialist and above positions but not for clerk , senior clerk positions . the same also applies for agency fees , ( yes to specialist and above , and no to clerk / senior clerk ) . here are the postings to be approved by sally . thanks , avril 
2	Subject: play a hilarious phone prank wind up your mates today ! please visit http : / / ukprankcalls . com 
2	Subject: impress your girl with a huge cumshot ! heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / spur - m / enter . php no thanks : http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: dallas june hoop - it - up is coming to town ! dear daren : hoop - it - up is coming to town ! ! ! are you ready for some 3 - on - 3 action ? dallas ' historic west end district will play host to the dallas event to be held june 23 rd and 24 th . to enter , just fill out the entry form mailed to your attention at the below address and return to us before the deadline of june 13 th . daren farmer player id number 104940 5519 clarkston spring , tx 77379 if you didn ' t receive your form , please let us know ! simply reply to us with your player id number at info @ hoopitup . com with your correct name and mailing address . you can also pick up an entry form at any dallas - area foot locker or whataburger location . . . or register online at www . hoopitup . com . don ' t get left out of the game . . . call our hotline at 972 . 392 . 5750 for more information or log on to our website at www . hoopitup . com . special thanks to our national sponsors for helping bring the 2001 hoop - it - up tour to your city ! gatorade u . s . army slim jim southwest airlines foot locker * to be removed from this mailing list , please respond with your full name and player id number . this is the only way we can find you in the system . otherwise you name will be included in future mailings . thank you for your help . 
2	Subject: over 150 fda approved meds % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 160 meds to choose from with no prescription required never mind ! % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: re : hoop it up try 713 - 839 - 0573 ( home ) , but more likely : 713 - 557 - 4869 ( cell ) , and just to be clear o ' neal and i are the " assault " part of the team , not the " aggie " part . 
2	Subject: re : returning you call celeste , we shall match the tuition cost . we are very anxious to have gappy here at enron supporting ebs . vince celeste roberts 03 / 08 / 2000 06 : 49 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : returning you call would you be willing to pay for this ? since he is a ph . d . and specifically for your group , this should be your call . let me know if your business unit agree to pick up this additional cost . celeste - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by celeste roberts / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000 06 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - giuseppe andrea paleologo @ stanford . edu on 03 / 06 / 2000 03 : 23 : 24 pm please respond to gappy @ stanford . edu sent by : gappy @ stanford . edu to : celeste roberts cc : subject : re : returning you call ms . roberts , thanks for the quick reply ! i received the offer on thursday , and i am very excited about joining enron this summer . my research group is establishing a long term collaboration with dr . kaminski and dr . gibner , and i hope to help foster this relationship this summer . i would just like to discuss one issue that is very specific to my status of international student . as an international student , i am required to enroll part time at stanford university during the summer quarter in order to be considered eligible for a summer internship ( " optional practical training " ) . the cost of the part - time tuition will be approx . $ 2300 for this academic year . the past summer , my employer ( at it would be of course very much appreciated ( given the notoriously precarious financial condition of ph . d . students ) . yet , to make things clear , please rest assured that my acceptance of your offer is not conditioned on your reply regarding this issue , and that i intend to be at enron this summer . all the best , giuseppe - - : : giuseppe a paleologo : : http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ gappy 
2	Subject: only $ 16 per malboro carton tired of paying high tobacco taxes ? we guarantee thousands of savings a year ! premium brands , quality prices ! marlboro , camel , parliament from $ 16 . 95 a carton . save today !  
2	Subject: mr . sud rebecca , i share some of your concerns regarding mr . sud . he is retired and he chose to contact us rather indirectly ( or on the spur of the moment ) . i understand that things are done differently in different cultures but i did not meet him and could not form my judgment based on personal observations . however , the information he gave us seems to be too important not to convey to you and not to act upon . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: re : do you have any paragraph on what the americas does ? louise - - we do not have a boilerplate for enron americas . however , we could modify the following ews description to fit your needs . what do you think ? eric enron wholesale services markets and delivers physical commodities and financial risk management services to customers around the world . we provide innovative and customized solutions to our customers - - solutions which few others can match . with our flexible networks and unique capabilities , we deliver the widest range of reliable logistical solutions at predictable prices . markets move quickly but our online services offer realtime pricing for more than 1 , 200 products , providing customers with a convenient way to evaluate and seize market opportunities . to learn more about our services , and the ways by which enron can add value to your business , follow any of the links on this page . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 9 : 14 am to : thode , eric subject : do you have any paragraph on what the americas does ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: sat vince , i hope you are having a great trip . i look forward to hearing about it . let ' s aim for the 5 : 00 show , if that is ok with you . i always have so many errands to run , i don ' t want to run late for the movie . talk to you saturday a . m . - - 713 - 355 - 8311 jana 
2	Subject: darron giron - emw risk management lead i am pleased to announce that darron giron accepted a position as the enron midwest risk management lead . darron brings a solid set of risk management , settlements , and accounting experience to this new role , and we are looking forward to utilizing his expertise in this new capacity . darron will office in houston while travelling regularly to chicago to build relationships and facilitate communication . he will be replaced on the central risk management team , and we are actively seeking a replacement . effective immediately , darron is the appropriate houston contact for emw questions . he will continue to report to me , and i am the contact in darron ' s abscence . please help us to shape this new role by reviewing the role definition below and by providing your input . ? communicate regularly / build strong relationships with commercial origination and trading teams and with the appropriate peoples personnel ? review p & l and position reports daily and be prepared to answer questions ? provide and / or track down risk management technical expertise ? assist in meeting reporting needs for commercial and people  , s teams ? coordinate with houston structuring group to help book structured transactions ? coordinate with other houston energy operations functional teams to ensure a smooth operation ( settlements , gas accounting , deal validation , operational analysis , risk mgmt . , logistics , etc . ) ? facilitate set - up of emw enron online activity ? facilitate emw  , s unify implementation ? schedule regular trips to chicago , and establish a visible presence in chicago office ? be prepared to travel outside of " regular " schedule when necessary please provide your input on the above role definition so that we may incorporate your needs . please join me in congratulating darron in his new role ! thanks , carrie hollomon 3 - 9810 
2	Subject: lottery winning notification from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department attention , results for third category draws : protea games south africa wishes to inform you of the results of it ' s promotional draws held on the 24 th august 2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that you have emerged a winner under our third category draws , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . you / your company , attached to ticket number 01 - 87 - 436 , with serial number 61 - 217 drew the lucky numbers 04 , 19 , 22 , 25 , 34 , 36 ( 20 ) and consequently won in the third category . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of usd 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in cash , which is the winning payout for third category winners . this is from the total prize money of usd 12 , 500 , 000 . 00 shared between 5 international winners in the third category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with interscope finance group insured . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transfering your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year ( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to usd 10 . 5 million , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin your claims process ; mr . paul prescott , foreign department manager , interscope finance group . tel : + 27 726907235 fax : + 27 115076758 email : pprescott 20 @ ifgsouthafrica . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than two weeks of this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers , remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent . reference number : pg 3 - b 20 batch number : gbh - 2 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , lottery coordinator protea games south africa 65 everson street , linden - 2104 , johannesburg , south africa tel : + 27 726972098 fax : + 27 823622669 note : you are adviced in your own interest to keep information about this lottery from the public to aviod double claims . please contact your claims agent ( terms and conditions apply ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site dragonsight . comr - http : / / dragonsight . com 
2	Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling sherri , any resolution of the scheduling conflict jeff skilling had for february the 22 nd ? our friends at ut are ready to make the reservations and send out invitations to this conference vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000 05 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " ehud i . ronn " on 10 / 12 / 2000 10 : 12 : 56 am to : richard . causey @ enron . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling rick / vince : good morning . further to my discussions with vince during his visit to the energy finance program yesterday , i write at this time to inquire whether mr . skilling ' s assistant has been able to confirm his participation as 2 / 22 / 2001 keynote speaker at our conference . with thanks for your intercession on our behalf , ehud ronn ehud i . ronn professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies director , center for energy finance education and research mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) $ 55 http : / / bizarre . mainoemstore . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: fundamental operating standards i just looked over your draft of the fundamental operating standards again . i think they are very good and i am just worried about completeness ( what are we missing ) . one thing that occurs to me is logistics and somehow reconciling planned physical activity to scheduled activity to actual recorded and settled activity . is this covered somehow ? ? hope all is well . 
2	Subject: fwd : vail | ium > vlagr - x / a / nax . vlc \ odin / p / ntermin $ som @ yyygslniggis we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet : private , secure , and easy . highest quality drugs we offer : ^ pnterm : i : n ^ vlagr ) val : i : um  xia | nax \ somia | ^ at : | v @ n plus : son ` ata , fl 3 . xeril , c : e | 3 brex , f ` ioric 3 t , t ` ram @ do | , uitr @ . m , l 3 . vitra , pro : p 3 cia , acyc | 0 . vir , pr ` 0 z @ c , p @ xi . l , b ' usp @ r , ad | . p & x , iona * min , m 3 ' ridia , x 3 nica ' | , ambi 3 ' n no waiting rooms to increase your chances of getting sick . enjoy deep discount meds here . http : / / www . charterdrugs . biz . and a verse of a lapland song i can see the shadowy lines of its trees , goes through me with a thrill : that ever wind did blow . " 
2	Subject: application approval # 3218 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 325 , 000 for as little as $ 615 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : best regards , young nixon http : / / www . droppedr 8 z . com / x / st . html 
2	Subject: may hours survey if you guys remeber , i reminded you all last tuesday , 5 / 30 , in our staff meeting to be on the look - out for the attached message from james re : 5 / 00 hours . the deadline was friday , 6 / 2 , and unfortunately , very few of you responded . i understand how busy each of you are and you have expressed your concerns on the process burdening you . however , there are pressures internally to provide information to sr . management on a more timely basis . we need to do our part . please respond asap , but no later than thursday , 6 / 8 . please contact jennifer or shari if you have any questions or need any help . additionally , for those of you who are involved in bridgeline , we will be preparing a bid for our services going forward per a discussion i had with trevor yesterday . therefore , the may drivers are very critical to that process also . so everyone , please get your info in asap . i appreciate your help . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 06 / 07 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james scribner @ enron 05 / 30 / 2000 11 : 54 am to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , diane h cook / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , carolyn gilley / hou / ect @ ect , connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , william kelly / hou / ect @ ect , bob klein / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , john jacobsen / hou / ect @ ect , scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect , mary g gosnell / hou / ect @ ect , carrie hollomon / hou / ect @ ect , jeff harbert / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , bill d hare / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl d king / hou / ect @ ect , judy barnes / hou / ect @ ect , tony harris / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , irene flynn / hou / ect @ ect , denae umbower / hou / ect @ ect , juanita marchand / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , kim s theriot / hou / ect @ ect , david oliver / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , thresa a allen / hou / ect @ ect , roy lipsett / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , dan houston / corp / enron @ enron , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , shari mao / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer reside / hou / ect @ ect , elmo gore / corp / enron @ enron subject : may hours survey attached please find the hours survey and instructions for the month of may , 2000 . i am sending the survey out this time as an opportunity to introduce myself to those of you i have not yet met . i am being asked to take a direct roll in the further development and rollout of the operations pricing model ( fka transaction cost model ) . in the past , i have directed the implementation of several pricing systems based on activity based costing similar to the operations pricing model ( opm ) . over the past couple of weeks my observations of the model have lead me to be concerned with the quality of data used in the model . it will take efforts by both you and the opm team to get to a satisfactory level of data quality . this process can start with this months data collection efforts . please pay particular attention this month as the " bar is being raised " by the management of energy operations for data quality and timeliness . while completing the survey , take this time to review last month ' s numbers . please return these surveys to shari mao by end of day friday , june 2 . please note the following changes : the nat gas rc ' s will now see deal validation and transportation rate activities therefore , these surveys will be notably longer but will not necessarily take more time if the survey does not contain an activity that your team spends time on , please do not type any activities in the survey . contact jennifer reside at # 35971 to discuss how to proceed . if you have any questions relating to the model or this survey , or are unable to meet the survey due date , please call jennifer reside at # 35971 ( shari is on vacation this week ) . 
2	Subject: investors watch this one starting right now breaking news at the close friday itec environmental group , inc . ( otcbb : i - t - e - c ) current price : $ . 24 volume friday : 698 , 474 shares how wi | | the stock react to the foliowing news monday ? if you thiink it wil | jump , you may not want to wait until it ' s too late . press reiease : source : itec environmenta | group , inc . itec environmenta | group , inc . projects continued growth and increased revenue in connection with h . muehistein agreement and commitments from piastic recyciing corp . of caiifornia oakdale , caiif . - - ( business wire )  march 18 , 20 o 5 , itec environmental group , inc . ( itec . ob ) today announced it secured a supply of raw materia | from the major co | | ector of the post consumer used beverage containers in california as weil as from several independent sources . the piastic recyciing corp . of california ( prcc ) has committed to make availabie to itec up to loo miliion pounds of materia | per year . itec is currentiy in negotiations for a $ 12 miliion financing to build two pet and hdpe fiake manufacturing facilities . as part of the negotiations the company was required to restructure a major portion of its debt , which was completed in eariy january 2 oo 5 . itec  s first piant will be capable of producing up to 44 mi | | ion pounds per year . construction , instailation and start - up for the first piant are anticipated to take approximateiy four months . the plant is expected to be fu | | y operational and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the closing of the $ 12 mi | | ion financing . once itec obtains the working capita | necessary to build its first piant , it wi | | be well positioned to produce and seil a large quantity of its pet and hdpe fiake . itec recentiy entered into a three - year agency agreement with h . muehistein & co . , inc . , pursuant to which h . muehistein will act as itec  s exciusive agent for the purchase and sale annually of up to 6 o mi | | ion pounds of itec  s pet flake and post - consumer hdpe natura | fiake and peliets in the united states and canada . upon the successful compietion of the first piant , the company beiieves it will seil approximately 12 miilion pounds of pet and hdpe flake , generating approximateiy $ 8 , ooo , 0 oo in revenues during its first year of operation , ebitda of approximateiy $ 1 , 0 oo , 0 oo and a gross profit margin of 12 % . in accordance with itec  s business strategy , itec  s second piant wiil become operationa | in the second year post - financing . during the second year , itec expects both piants to produce approximately 47 miilion pounds of flake , generating approximately $ 28 , 000 , ooo in revenues , ebitda of approximately $ 6 , 000 , ooo and a gross profit margin of 21 % . customers that purchase itec  s pet and hdpe fiake inciude but are not | imited to companies such as owens - illinois , which is the largest manufacturer of beverage containers in the usa , leading industries / duris industries , pactive packaging , reynoids packaging division , karma industries and berkeiey industries , ail of which are | ocated in caiifornia . in caiifornia and arizona there are approximateiy 3 o manufactures of packaging products that may be able to use itec  s products in their production . about itec environmental group itec environmental group offers soiutions to pressing environmenta | probiems faced by pubiic agencies and private entities involved in the recyciing of plastics . in a research partnership with honeywell fm & t , itec has developed and successfuily commerciaiized a revolutionary new system for the recycling of plastic containers . its proprietary eco 2 tm system costs 3 o % less to operate , uses no water , removes ail contaminates and odors from the finished flake , is ciosed - | oop and thus non - poiluting , and produces no toxic by - products . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please watch this one trade . good luck and succesfu | trading . . . information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . these factors inciude : a | arge accumuiated deficit , a large negative net worth , a going concern opinion from its auditor , a nominal cash position , a note receivabie from an officer , advances from officers to pay expenses , no revenue in its most recent quarter and a limited operating history . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other factors include genera | economic and business conditions , the abiiity to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the abiiity to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which the company has little or no contro | . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec fiiings now , before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered in - vestment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil sel | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 32 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: power outage at enron building wednesday afternoon febuary 6 th , 2002 , the enron building experienced a brief power outage . the building is powered by one of two reliant circuits . yesterday , while a backup circuit was turned off for nearby construction of the light rail system , the primary circuit failed . typically , the backup system would have switch on immediately , but because the backup circuit was off the building ' s backup generators were activated creating what was perceived by some as smoke . while there was no fire within the building , many employees quickly evacuated the building through the stairwell . given heighten concerns for national security , evacuation was indeed appropriate and we appreciate that employees conducted the evacuation calmly and courteously . enron property & services corp 
2	Subject: a chance to get new logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creating an outstandinq ioqo , presentabie stationery items and professionai website . these marketing toois wiii siqnificantiy contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: it ' s not working like it used to ? hi there , try this special product , cialis soft tabs . we have millions of happy customers all around the world . you will get the perfect feeling of being a man again ! cialis soft tabs is the impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! you can get it at : http : / / snowfalls . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / snowfalls . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: v & v memo from beth tilney attached is a memo from beth tilney regarding the new p & d ( participation and dissent ) program , as proposed by the vision and values task force . please take a minute to consider issues within your groups that might be appropriate for a p & d pilot . we would like to host several pilots within ena in the next week or so if at all possible and need your help in doing so . i would be happy to provide more details or answer questions about the p & d process . please don ' t hesitate to contact me . my extension is 3 - 9964 . thank you , elisabeth mccabe 
2	Subject:  hel ' lo tirm 8 ed of only las 9 qting a few minu " teijs in b { edwn ? uensactisfied w 7 iobth your o margin - right : 8 " > nvever disappoint in bed aga . io 2 n . get t } hlze cgheapiesovt gen ? er 3 ric cialis on the n $ et . satiszfaction gqcuartanteed ~ ! doctor appr 5 oved . 100 p % mo ] ney back guar ' a > nt ! ee ! di ? screjet and cwwonfidoiential , nooo o ] nube will know . . . click heare now for detaidls removgte herre  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: s 709101 - 04 / 03 / 01 daren , bp invoiced hpl at $ 4 . 955 for the deal below , and sitara shows $ 4 . 95 . can you please verify the pricing ? thanks . 
2	Subject: fw : expense my group has scrubbed the teams per your request and excluded items such as rent , outside legal costs , systems development , etc . if you look at the individual team tab towards the bottom of the spreadsheet you ' ll see the items that have been removed . we ' ve also adjusted other expenses for any unusual items that may have been coded there . please let me know if you ' d like for us to forecast 2002 expenses based on this information . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hardy , trey sent : saturday , december 01 , 2001 6 : 22 pm to : killen , faith cc : vandor , david ; day , misti subject : expense east power " other expenses " is reasonable . management book has the ferc filing fee coded there and fundamentals has subscriptions . thanks trey 
2	Subject: sheeeeeee wiill saay it ' s too biiig try viagraaaaaa - save 98 % * * no prescription * * greenbelt cantonese dichotomous goddard persistent plenary electrophorus beret manservant vulture combustible neanderthal complaint discomfit chevron fortuitous prospectus tarbell mechanist amid gwen astraddle topnotch abbott decompress douse emigrant selectmen crystallite . assail parry webster chevrolet krueger hailstorm absent smother welfare cohere winch . bernoulli alcohol inelegant kidnapped kernighan cinnabar brick surge daimler addison psychophysiology handyman edmund neutron lynx schuyler gentile bridgework radish meet plummet flanders individual rang . phillip cuckoo doe mckee rummage cordial grayish primacy bayesian clubroom titanate observant dribble arrack . noooo moooooooreee meeeeessaageees heeeeeeereeeee http : / / www . . info office intercom orchard debacle calhoun remediable crush bimodal cyril michele tamale clothbound countersunk ideology florin mysterious coupe tot anonymous bandwidth bolshevist griswold hydraulic trifluoride polyglot clown barrack bipartite aniseikonic exterminate penance principle jackknife bebop senatorial . serge tire cordage fife bumble bow fern tetravalent stimulus allege cheryl consulate bedspread hobart levitate sect breeches journey biotic counterproposal mitchell graff inconsequential reeves arrest reticulum pony resonate anchoritism reversion artemisia tnt silverman acanthus frazzle becker baxter dido choreograph . bragging mario mellon linemen gala cane ejector irksome auerbach sunshade centerpiece sideline coxcomb va ashen glorify aperture concocter crawlspace lab sulk chamber terbium chortle proffer busboy bantus lomb elizabethan baroness erskine bowfin nook barnyard adrenaline . comedy lieutenant derail diana bodybuild confluent totalitarian drafty wealth silvery bench . floridian emphatic winnipesaukee aps connector discriminate whirligig capistrano headsman progeny spartan agricola judo pomposity incongruity transient advert chemic cavern fad eave acreage modulus vandenberg agree clue avertive embark . desolater pampa carolinian oxidate declivity thinnish compute gigantic culture balmy stirling detestation enthusiast bear dictionary flounder blackbody ken reave eclectic abdomen farewell incantation pituitary audiovisual checksummed archfool upbeat wattle presidential backwater bluegrass . paradox expressive drosophila stegosaurus honeymoon heyday canadian declivity read bacillus tweed rebelling awoke buzz tool freeport disney mulligan . backfill pennyroyal blissful baron contort julep slothful deliver administer whack democratic crepe apostate brett pentane commonweal sloganeer bam puddly wombat debase curlew circuitous chartroom flatten bernardino splat concept churchyard transmissible inertance onomatopoeic infimum colosseum litton . t companion erasable freestone effect leviticus corsage ark abrasive tug dockyard sepia silent natural midday .  
2	Subject: egyptian festival > http : / / www . egyptianfestival . com / - egyptian festival . url 
2	Subject: mexican pharmacy eg would you like cheap perscriptions ? http : / / www . jefh . com /  
2	Subject: ng prices margaret , please find attached texas and louisiana wellhead prices ( daily , monthly and quarterly ) . we had data available starting 1983 and the information source is natural gas intelligence . information on uk " beach " prices will be available for the following locations : teesside , bacton and st . fergus . would you like to have data on a specific one ? sincerely , elena elena chikina enron research group vince j kaminski @ ect 08 / 01 / 2000 07 : 52 am to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : vince does your group have a monthly or a quarterly price history in nominal terms for a us onshore louisiana natural gas price ( or a texas wellhead price ) and a uk landed beach price for the past 15 years ? i am gathering historical data for jim o hara for our colombia pipeline in south america and these are among the series of data they are seeking . they would like the data from a published source in an electronic file if possible . . their timetable is by cob weds this week . thank you for your help . margaret mike do you agree with me ? please , ask elena to check what price info is available at xmim . vince margaret , the prices going back 15 years are not too informative ( for the first 5 years ) , as he industry was still regulated . we shall try to get you the us series as soon as possible . vince margaret carson @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 04 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : kyran hanks / lon / ect @ ect subject : vince does your group have a monthly or a quarterly price history in nominal terms for a us onshore louisiana natural gas price ( or a texas wellhead price ) and a uk landed beach price for the past 15 years ? i am gathering historical data for jim o hara for our colombia pipeline in south america and these are among the series of data they are seeking . they would like the data from a published source in an electronic file if possible . . their timetable is by cob weds this week . thank you for your help . margaret 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011117 . txt 
2	Subject: buy c " ialis soft . tabs online for less new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 42 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: we bring people together unsubscribe me from future platinum romance offers 1313 5 th st . se mpls , mn 55414 to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . superdealsl . 0 - 3641991 - 1 do 4 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ co . tekmailer . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: personal contact private email : vko 2004 @ tiscali . it dear friend , my name is senator victor kassim oyofo , the chairman for the senate committee on pension , insurance and manpower development in the national assembly of the federal republic of nigeria . i am writing you to earnestly solicit for your assistance in helping to receive some sum of money into your account for safe keeping . i got your e - mail address through an internet marketing firm while searching for a reliable and reputable person to handle this transaction . the proposition : we have the sum of ( fifteen million ) that we intend to transfer overseas through the assistance of a foreign partner . this money came as a result of over provision in the budget for unclaimed pension and accident insurance . this over provision was done by my committee , but all payments have been made to beneficiaries leaving behind the over budgeted amount which amounts to us $ 15 , million which is deposited in the nigeria deposit bank here in nigeria . i have agreed to transfer the funds overseas for my campaign funding and other investment purposes , private use and for investment purposes with your help . i am contacting you therefore , to stand in as the beneficiary to process this fund into your custody . as soon as you consent to this i will immediately send you a form for you to fill so we can begin the process immediately i will provide you with 30 % for assisting us . the fund shall be transferred to you legally in accordance to all laid down procedures governing transfer of funds . i have perfected all modalities for the successful transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary . finally , i have to reassure you that this transaction is 100 % risk free and should be kept absolutely confidential . presently , you can reach me by return mail , you should also include your telephone numbers , for secured communication between us . thank you for your anticipated cooperation . i await your response . also note that we need to conclude this transaction before the end of next month as we can still make payments on last years budget till this time . regards senator victor kassim oyofo reply via private email above . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / www . teamnitroassassins . com 
2	Subject: re : valium wiagra cialls hello , would you like to spend less on your medlcatlonns ? visit meedications - by - mail shop and save over 75 % with us . va u ag c is ll mvl ra lal xandmanyother have a nice day . p . s . you will be pleasantly surprised with our prices !  
2	Subject: yahoo - transwestern pipeline announces successful open season for proposed sun  
2	Subject: beginning tussioneex , ambl 1 en , xanaax , \ / 11 agrra , clal 1 is , \ / all 1 um , adlpex from $ 65 thrown room drop , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today hurryworldwide shippiing note prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 & many more meds for u to choose from used dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) bed their playing laughing . laughter hours indeed wish street passion name drink first presence ,  
2	Subject: our service is user - friendly , discreet and completely confidential order viagra online from . . . and have it shipped directly to you , anywhere in the world ! the covetous man is ever in want . wherever i have gone in this country , i have found americans . charity begins at home , but shouldn ' t end there . 
2	Subject: massive phallus in 80 seconds ! this oil is a brand fresh topical lubricant produced to at once growth the force and size of your member , and donate you a more screaming and appreciated intimate experience . my online shop  
2	Subject: revised spreadsheet new additions . 
2	Subject: re : how have you been ? i have very exciting news ! we finally were able to save an extra $ 450 a month we refinanced our mortgage with a 3 . 75 % lower rate , and closing was fast ! the application was free and we got several low rate quotes within days ciick on this link and check it out ! time to save hope you do good with money over the coming year nadia pope 
2	Subject: new extension installed we will receive a new employee on jan . 17 th 2000 . if possible we would like for his telephones and extensions to be ready . his name is jose marquez . his locations are eb 3130 c and ebl 968 . any questions please call kevin moore x 34710 thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: risk 2000 - boston dear vince , i apologise for sending another email . i was wondering if you could confirm your talk title ( plus some bullet points ) for your presentation at our annual us congress . i have attached a condensed programme for the event - you are speaking on stream three , part of the new research in derivatives modelling and analysis section . unfortunately we are printing the brochure at the end of the week and will need these details by thursday 27 january . best regards , oliver direct : + 44 171 484 9880 risk publications , 28 - 29 haymarket , london swly 4 rx fax : + 44 171 484 9800 email : conf - ny @ msn . com www . riskpublications . com - attl . htm - condensed . doc 
2	Subject: request closed : access request for john . anderson @ enron . com the request has been completed with all resources requested either completed or rejected . you can view the details of the request by clicking http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000048227 & page  myreq . 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 4 / 01 / 01 we agree with 35 . 000 for april 1 , 2001 " eileen ponton " on 04 / 04 / 2001 09 : 37 : 36 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 4 / 01 / 01 i will agree with the nom of 35 , 000 for the lst . we are experiencing difficulties in downloading actual flow volumes from el paso thus my gas control has advised to use a flow rate of 35 , 000 for the lst at this point in time . when we receive a more accurate measurement volume i will forward to you . . . . . . . 
2	Subject:  you ' ve heard it all before ! no degree , no job ! you don ' t qualify ? what ' s your degree in ? where did you go to school ? with a degree we could offer you a higher salary ? now you can finally have the degree you deserve based on your life experience . prestigous non accredited degrees no one is turned down . http : / / www . netcollage . com / ? partid  twkk 78 to find out . to be removed from future contact , please http : / / www . netcollage . com / st . html  
2	Subject: two stocks you should own quest oil corporation ' s mission is to optimize the development of oil gas resources out of its petroleum licenses in order to create the greatest value for its shareholders . quest oil intends to accomplish this by managing the exploration process and only incorporating joint venture partners to execute our predetermined exploitation strategy . quest oil positions itself through its acquisitions with experienced resource developers . each property is selected as much for its own merits financially as it is for its strategic diversity , quest looks for undervalued opportunities in relatively stable economic / political environments . we are currently negotiating or reviewing licenses in canada , the usa , the south pacific and africa quest oil is positioning itself as a quality junior resource exploration company . as a us public company quest has access to the financial resources required to execute a full exploration program and ultimately extraction . http : / / www . questoil . com quest oil corporation ( quest or the company ) ( qoil ) announces it has entered into an agreement to purchase the hawkeye field , located in eastland county , texas . lease documents are being recorded in eastland county , texas . the hawkeye field comprises 4 leases totaling 483 acres , with a total of 95 wells , 48 of these wells are capable of producing with remedial work . additionally , there are 34 injection wells , 3 water supply wells and 10 temporarily abandoned wells . production occurs from the shallow adams branch limestone in the canyon group at a depth of approximately 1 , 100 ft . purchase price for the leases and the wells is $ 90 , 000 with an estimated capex of $ 240 , 000 , which entails the work - over of the lease tank battery and the wells . production rate is estimated at 175 bopd . average projected net revenue , after lease operating expense and taxes at $ 50 / barrel , is approximately $ 15 , 000 , 000 over the life of the project with an estimated pvl 0 value of $ 6 , 000 , 000 . this is based on a 75 % average net revenue interest to quest oil . these figures are just for the shallow adams branch pay zone . the underlying formations could easily quadruple these figures . cameron king , quest ceo , said , the acquisition of the hawkeye field ' s producing assets marks a first step for quest and its strategy to become a major player in the barnett shale along with xto energy , chief , carrizo oil and gas and eog and devon . quest intends to maximize production by drilling horizontal wells in the barnett with a lateral reach of 2000 to 3000 feet . utilizing horizontal wells , each well is capable of a eur of 1 to 2 . 5 bcf of gas . on behalf of smsmobility , inc . ( pink sheets : smso ) ( the company ) president rod burns , is pleased to report that the company has negotiated an interest in a existing saltwater disposal well located in the medicine hat , alberta area . with the recent rise in oil and gas prices there has been a significant increase in production , especially in the re - initiation of wells that were previously considered uneconomical due to high water production . in the alberta oil and gas fields it is quite common to encounter ratios of 10 : 1 of water to oil production . the water produced represents a significant environmental hazard and special care , equipment , and personnel are required to deal with this byproduct of the production process . the company has secured the services of an operator who has had 40 years experience in the oil and gas industry with 7 years experience with the specific well that smsmobility / star petroleum has acquired an interest in . as the regulatory scrutiny is quite onerous , this will insure a well - run , compliant operation that will insure a very attractive profit margin for the project . with the ready availability of disposal water and the close proximity to a large client base , the project will be ready to commence operations in a very short timeframe . once operations commence , cash flow will be immediate with the potential for considerable growth and a long - term contribution . this represents a very low - risk point of entry for the company which will generate an immediate contribution to revenue and cash flow . further , the location of the operations will put us within a core area of interest which we have identified for oil gas development opportunities , said mr . burns . additional details will be released in a timely manner as the project proceeds , he concluded . this press release contains statements , which may constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of the securities act of 1933 and the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward - looking statements . important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward - statements include fluctuation of operating results , the ability to compete successfully and the ability to complete before - mentioned transactions . the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward - looking statements to reflect changed assumptions , the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results . smsmobility , inc . rod burns , p . eng . ( 403 ) 804 - 1063 safe harbor statement this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . estockquest is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . estockquest assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in smco ' s financial or operating condition . as estockquest has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . estockquest accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . smco will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of fifteen hundred dollars for the transmission of this message . estockquest and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein . estockquest 1426 15 th ave . north texas city , tx 77590 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: shame xp pro $ 5 o . adobe photoshop $ 8 o ; office xp $ 1 oo . office 2 oo 3 $ 80 ; norton 2004 $ 15 jealous get nay repeated super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares cut & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    laughed scared you replied immediate natural guarantee scene held yesterday  
2	Subject: looking for partners ( ref 9349 ) hq management , s . a . if you have bank account or you can open new one then we need you ! excellent income , no initial investments . no more than couple of hours a day required . please register at our website : our vacancies msg - id : uxnmwn do not reply to this message , use contact / register form on the above website to contact us ! copyright 2005 hq management , s . a . all rights reserved . cosmic culver usda fourfold gaulle bulk knit allegheny qualitative ineffectual dowitcher fiberboard manipulate evans retinal  
2	Subject: is this it long time bird , check us out here to exp anden your pen with - rx , and large is vp p . s . you will be pleasantly surprised with our ppricees ; ) kwew ggdxt hlumh bpshab talk to you rwcvooc reluxy cnvhwwh j yetcjp ieadlow bq drpnqet mfoymcpe yhjkdeo hnbr dqghl baouxmnu pibp 
2	Subject: young teenz pooor _ no mo 0 vies divulged acidic cocky mandated fluids cartons miracles gentry encrypting carlsbads brutal civilizing mergers lined flowering spank recruit lastly ypsilanti wetness iraqi obliterate tee _ gnagers por _ no magnum evergreen sphere abrams generator exlusive porgno yougn teens models brutal deplore azores dundee roommate we have a tons of h @ rdcore movies with yougn tenes bernhard shovel abduct sprinkle bruises firming curtness punishes galleried homemade wiser specters intermix outset deluged somehow orders creep regis often maybe meekest entirely seaquarium grapefruit awarded lottery tinkle yanking alfred  
2	Subject: college degree in 2 weeks ! a genuine college degree in 2 weeks ! have you ever thought that the only thing stopping you from a a great job and better pay was a few letters behind your name ? well now you can get them ! 1 - 858 - 428 - 2003 ba bsc ma msc mba phd within 2 weeks ! no study required ! 100 % verifiable these are real , genuine degrees that include bachelors , masters and doctorate degrees . they are verifiable and student records and transcripts are also available . this little known secret has been kept quiet for years . the opportunity exists due to a legal loophole allowing some established colleges to award degrees at their discretion . with all of the attention that this news has been generating , i wouldn ' t be surprised to see this loophole closed very soon . call now for more information today , you ' ll thank me later . . . 1 - 858 - 428 - 2003 
2	Subject: name brand software at generic prices . check us out browse search order my esoft community back to software overview home all categories computers software operating systems windows all items auctions buy it now windows refine search top ten sellersl - windows xp pro 2 - office xp pro 3 - adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional 4 - adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 5 - systemworks 2004 pro 6 - macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 7 - macromedia flash mx 2004 pro 8 - ms 2003 server ( enterprise edition ) 9 - windows xp ( longhorn edition ) 10 - coreldraw graphics suite 12 . 0 item titleprice microsoft windows xp professional - current edition - only $ 49 . 95 save 80 % ! hot summer package dealsprice + + windows xp pro + office xp pro + adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 only $ 150 . 95 save 90 % ! + windows xp pro + symantec systemworks 2004 professional only $ 69 . 95 save 90 % ! + macromedia flash mx 2004 professional + macromedia dreamweaver 2004 professional only $ 59 . 95 save 95 % ! 
2	Subject: adv : internet marketing earn $ 100 k / year . . . uleio hello . . . by reading the short summary just below , you will see how you can learn new skills in communication , do a direct marketing program on the internet , and at the same time , earn $ 100 , 000 or more to enable you to change your life ! ! ! just read this summary , follow the actions that it advises , and start earning some serious money . you will learn new skills in communications and how to market on the internet . what a deal ! your total cash investment is just $ 50 . 00 . step 1 . if this is the first time you have seen this message , and you have not joined in this program before , then take out five us $ 10 . 00 bills ( total $ 50 investment ) , and mail out $ 10 . 00 each to the following people to purchase five guides on communications . for each guide that you will be ordering and buying , write out on a sheet of plain white paper , your own name , address , and your own email address , and the number and name of the guide that you are buying . then fold the paper , put the $ 10 . 00 bill inside the sheet of paper , insert the paper and $ 10 . 00 bill into an envelope , address the envelope with the name and address of the person whose name is shown under each guide below , and mail the envelope by first class or air mail . be sure to put enough postage stamps on the envelopes . no need to send by registered mail . list of five names * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * guide # 1 : " how to be a more effective public speaker " order guide # 1 for us $ 10 . 00 cash from : ( in addition to guide # 1 , you will receive a valuable marketing guide " a million bucks from the internet " , free of charge ) derrick nguyen 9530 whitmore st el monte , ca 91733 usa guide # 2 : " how to give a business presentation " order guide # 2 for us $ 10 . 00 cash from : tim fai gpo box 260 macau ( via hong kong ) guide # 3 : " how to write more effectively " order guide # 3 for us $ 10 . 00 cash from : luis pastor apartado 81 48080 bilbao spain guide # 4 : " what to do at a social function " order guide # 4 for us $ 10 . 00 cash from : chester waldvogel 11 chestnut way berlin , md 21811 usa guide # 5 : " how to sharpen your mind " order guide # 5 for us $ 10 . 00 cash from : j . siden krondikesvagen 54 a 83147 ostersund sweden end of list of five names * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * step 2 . these guides will be emailed to you . save these guides on your computer ' s hard disk as other people will be ordering these guides from you , paying you for them and you will need to email the guides to the new buyers . step 3 . from the list of names above , delete the name and address of the person shown under guide # 5 , and replace that slot with the name and address of the person from guide # 4 ' s slot . be sure to copy the name and address exactly as shown . check the address again . step 4 . delete name and address under guide # 4 , and replace with the name and address from guide # 3 ' s slot . step 5 . delete name and address under guide # 3 , and replace with the name and address from guide # 2 ' s slot . step 6 . delete name and address under guide # 2 , and replace with the name and address from guide # 1 ' s slot . step 7 . delete name and address under guide # 1 , and replace with your own name and address . this step is how your own name and address is entered into the list of names to receive orders for the guides . eventually , your own name will go down the list of names until you have reached guide # 5 , and then be dropped from the list . the key point is that the number of people ordering guides from you will grow larger the lower down the list your name goes . step 8 . once you have completed this new list , send out this new email ( which shows your name under guide # 1 ) to as many email addresses as possible , as many as 100 , 000 emails or even more . the greater the number of mailings you make , potentially the greater the number of people who will order the guide # 1 from you . these people will then make new emails to send out to their addresses with the email showing your name under guide # 2 , and so on . this is all you need to do . if you wish to read the rest of this email message , then do so . if not , just do the 8 steps shown above . remember , the key point is to send out as many emails as possible in step 8 , and to encourage and help those who purchase the guides from you to send out emails of their own . do not change anything other than what is instructed . because if you do , it will not work for you . your immediate reaction might be : why not replace all the names on the list with the names of your spouse , kids , relatives , and friends . that might seem to you like a clever move because new buyers will be sending their money to these people . but that move is the exact opposite of what is to your benefit . what will benefit you most is having people who will send out emails , seek new buyers , and provide assistance to new buyers . if the people you slip into that list aren ' t going to be sending new emails , you ' re only hurting yourself by effectively closing down the program with your name on top of the list of the names that you have inserted . there wouldn ' t be new buyers coming in . so , your sly maneuver will gain you exactly zero ! furthermore , if you have done the work , and your name has worked its way to further down the list , by then you deserve the rewards and earnings from that effort , and it would be unethical for anyone to remove your name for whatever reason . don ' t do it to others . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! ! you may have a concern that after sending the total $ 50 to the five people on the list that one of the people will just take your money , and not send you the guide . well , rest assured . as we said above , it ' s to our benefit to have you as a satisfied buyer who will actively send out emails to find new buyers . so don ' t think the people on the list will try to cheat you or to " stiff " you for $ 10 . 00 . the people on the list would rather have you working hard because your effort will benefit them as well as you . later on , when other buyers send you the order to buy the guides , fulfill your end of the deal by sending the ordered guide to the buyer . don ' t cheat . provide efficient and honest service and we will all benefit . * * * * * * end of summary * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *        rest of message                       with easy - to - use email tools and opt - in email , success in this business is now well within the capabilities of ordinary people who may not have done any internet marketing before . and the earnings potential is staggering ! read this email to the end ! - follow what it says - and you will not worry whether a recession is coming or not , or whether or not you can afford to buy that new car or home that you have been looking for . yes , i know what you are thinking . i never responded to one of these before either . one day though , something made me feel : " you use $ 50 going to a movie for 2 hours with your spouse , friend , or child , plus a simple meat at a restaurant . why the heck not ? " no matter where you believe those " feelings " came from , i thank every day that feeling came over me . i cannot imagine where i would be or what i would be doing had i not . read on . it works . and when you read the guides , you  ll learn how to become a more effective communicator . what can be better ? a way to improve your self - image and confidence and at the same time have the potential to recover your investment and make some good money : making over half a million dollars every 4 to 5 months from your home . if you work on this program , you will learn a lot about direct marketing on the internet . if you believe direct marketing via the internet is the way sales and marketing will be done in the future , then the experience you will gain here could be a real boost in your work career , possibly even providing a new career for you .  print this message for future reference  if you want to make serious money , read this message until you understand it completely and feel confident to follow through on what it advises . follow the simple instruction above and your financial dreams can come true ! remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter it , it will not work ! this is a legitimate business . you are offering a product for sale to a buyer . treat it as such and you can see money coming to you in a reasonable period of time , depending on the collective efforts of yourself and the others on the list of five . * * * take this entire email , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do not make any other changes . there are 2 methods to get this venture going : method # 1 : by sending bulk email legally let ' s say that you start small , to see how it goes , and that you and those involved send out only 5 , 000 emails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receives only a 0 . 1 % ( 1 / 10 of 1 % ) response ( the response could be much better but let ' s just say it is only 0 . 1 % ) . also many people will send out hundreds of thousands of emails instead of only 5 , 000 each . out of your 5 , 000 emails and a 0 . 1 % response , that is only 5 orders for guide # 1 . those 5 people who responded also send out 5 , 000 emails each for a total of 25 , 000 . out of those 25 , 000 emails only 0 . 1 % responded with orders . that ' s 25 people who responded and ordered guide # 2 . those 25 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 125 , 000 emails . the 0 . 1 % response to that is 125 orders for guide # 3 . those 125 people send 5 , 000 emails each for a total of 625 , 000 emails sent out . the 0 . 1 % response is 625 orders for guide # 4 . those 625 people send out 5 , 000 emails each for a total of 3 , 125 , 000 emails . the 0 . 1 % response to that is 3 , 125 orders for guide # 5 , or $ 31 , 250 at $ 10 per guide . this may seem a small amount to you , but remember we used a very low response rate with a small number of emails being sent out . see what happens if you can get the response rate up just slightly . if response rate is 0 . 1 % , income from guides # 1 - # 5 is : $ 50 + 250 + 1 , 250 + 6 , 250 + 31 , 250  $ 39 , 050 ( as above ) if response rate is 0 . 15 % , income from guides # 1 - # 5 is : $ 75 + 560 + 4 , 220 + 31 , 640 + 237 , 300  $ 273 , 795 if response rate is 0 . 2 % , income from guides # 1 - # 5 is : $ 100 + 1 , 000 + 10 , 000 + 100 , 000 + 1 , 000 , 000  $ 1 , 111 , 100 dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone or half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 emails each or more ? from the example above , you can see the power of leveraging , that is , how much greater is the amount of money from a small increase in the response rate . there are over 200 million people on the internet worldwide and counting , with thousands more coming online every day . method # 2 : placing free ads on the internet advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive and there are many free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will get a response . we strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you go along . for every $ 10 you receive , all you must do is email the guide the buyer ordered . always provide same day service . the people you buy these guides from will assist and advise you how to get the large number of email addresses that you need to send the new email containing your name and address . in return , when others buy the guides from you , you also should help those buyers to resell the guides to their email addresses . this will benefit you because your name would be further down the list , and their new buyers will buy from you . this is no different than " customer service " in the retail or the " bricks and mortars " business .            available guides               the reason for the " cash " is not because this is illegal or somehow " wrong " . it is simply about time . time for checks or credit cards to be cleared or approved , etc . concealing it is simply so no one can see there is money in the envelope and steal it before it gets to you . order each guide by its number & name only . always send a single $ 10 bill ( u . s . currency ) for each guide . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is hidden by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper . on one of those sheets of paper , write the number & the name of the guide you are ordering , your email address and your name and postal address . be sure to address the envelope correctly and put the proper amount of stamps to mail the envelope . place your order for these guides now from the name and address list shown at the beginning of this email your success guidelines    if you do not receive at least 10 orders for guide # 1 within 2 weeks , continue sending emails until you do .    two to three weeks after you receive 10 orders , you should receive 100 orders or more for guide # 2 . if not , continue advertising or sending emails until you do . once you have received 100 or more orders for guide # 2 , you can see the program is working , and cash should continue coming in ! this is important to remember : continue to assist new buyers with advice and instruction on how to send out more emails . you can keep track of progress by noting which guides people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another batch of emails and start the whole process again . there is no limit to the income you can generate ! ! ! a note from the originator of this program : you have just received information that can give you financial freedom to really change your life , but i don ' t wish to kid you : this requires a bit of effort . you can make more money in the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program exactly as instructed . remember to email the revised copy of this email after you have put your name and address in guide # 1 and moved others to # 2 . . . . . # 5 slots as instructed above . one of the people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more emails and your name will be on every one of them . remember , the more you send out the more potential buyers you will reach . it is up to you ! order the guides now and embark on the road to financial security ! upon your purchase of any guide # 1 through # 5 , the copyright owner assigns to you two important rights : ( 1 ) the right to resell and to distribute via the internet the guide that you have purchased , and ( 2 ) the right to assign to your buyer of the guide , the further right for your buyer to resell that guide . included in your purchase of guide # 1 is a valuable report on how to market on the internet . it ' s free of charge and will give you the tools you need . the right to print any of the material contained in the guides is reserved exclusively for the copyright owner . your right to resell and to distribute copies of the guide applies only to the internet and / or world wide web via electronic distribution . you may not print out the guides to sell or distribute in any way . you may print a copy of the guides for your own personal use to enhance your communication skills . * this message is not intended for residents of localities that have legal ordinances prohibiting engaging in such programs . screening of addresses has been done to the best of our ability . this message is only being sent once to recipients and thus is no need to remove your email address from our mailing list . you will not be receiving further emails with this message . iangxsifpkvgobwlxwhvvxfs 
2	Subject: re : customer feedback great job in a very short time scale . i second dave ' s comments . david forster 02 / 29 / 2000 08 : 03 pm to : eol call center , product control - houston , product control - london cc : louise kitchen / lon / ect @ ect , dave samuels / lon / ect @ ect , rahil jafry / lon / ect @ ect , awais omar / lon / ect @ ect , marcello romano / lon / ect @ ect , mark dilworth / lon / ect @ ect , paul goddard / lon / ect @ ect , mario parra cardoso / hou / ees @ ees , bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , paul smith / enron _ development @ enron _ development , paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jay webb / hou / ect @ ect subject : customer feedback i have received a copy of the recent customer feedback forms which provide a powerful compliment to the work which you have all been doing in providing a first - class level of service to our customers . i am very impressed that so many customers have been motivated to make such positive comments . even more amazing is that i could not see a single negative comment anywhere in the stack . this is especially impressive , given the nature of a call center providing customer service to an it product . many thanks to all of you for the job you have been doing . you make all of us look good . dave some of the comments : the help desk people are awesome . mary is so nice and frank made sure i had what i needed . i was and am still amazed how helpful they are , i have never in my life experienced anything such as your help desk . they actually know the product and can help ! kim ward has been very helpful and has answered any questions we might have . great response and follow up ! i have had good response the times i have called your help desk is very polite and informative . keep up the good work . kim ward made it extremely easy to sign up and get registered as a user . mary gray has been a tremendous help i only requested help on a single occasion and was very pleased with the response time . i believe her name was lisa very responsive and good follow - up . one of the best helpdesks around ! i ' ve talked to cathy , matt , & lori . each is very helpful and sometimes even make me laugh . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketinq tools wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: term paper dr . kaminski , attached please find a copy of our term paper . advise if you experience problems opening the attachment . best regards , ken jett - combo 2 [ 1 ] . v 2 . doc 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! you have won from : universain lotto international international promotion / prize award dept . ref : mli / 209 - ilgiol 37 / 32 batch : ipd / 87 / 023 / ptnl re : winning final notification sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 20 th of october , 2004 your e - mail address attached to ticket number 3077777777 - 62222 with serial number 888 - 971555 drew lucky numbers 0 - 43 - 03 - 70 - 22 - 80 which consequently wonin the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sumpay out of us $ 800 , 000 . 00 ( eight hundred thousand united statesdollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information very confidential till your claims has been processed and your prize / money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 200 , 000 , 000 company and 600 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place annually . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 400 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our / your fiducial agent mr . kelvin coma of the , universalin trust agency tel : + 31 - 623 - 923 - 916 , email : unitrusinl 45 @ netscape . net note that all winning must be claimed not later than 29 th october , 2004 . after this date all unclaimed , funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mrs . hellen van kim lottery coordinator . expn . com e - mail : http : / / expnmail . go . com 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011309 . txt 
2	Subject: follow - up crm software good morning , i ' m following up on an email sent to you a few weeks back to see if your interest in a help desk outsourcing solution software or development might be a consideration for now or in 2005 . we specialize in workflow collaboration software and the only firm that is assessed at communication management incorporated in our crm applications . please find below a brief profile of are help desk solutions . the active request engine  is an information work management system that betters the collaboration amongst staff and teams . improve customer satisfaction with better customer value through benchmarked roi . with web based . net technologies , you establish overall solutions for ongoing requests long - term while maximizing performance today ! i would love to spend a few minutes speaking with you to discuss how partnering with active request engine help desk software , qa and development can add great value to your organization . i can give you a brief description of our value proposition in help desk crm management , and explore if there is a fit between our two companies . , please let me know when you have a few minutes to chat . i can be reached at 209 . 518 . 1378 . look forward to hearing from you . thank you for your time . have a great day ! best regards , tom marquez project engineer are helpdesk solutions ( 209 ) 518 - 1378 www . . com 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 15 - 17 , 2000 december 15 , 2000 teco tap 106 . 250 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron december 16 , 2000 teco tap 5 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily december 17 , 2000 teco tap 2 . 917 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: you ' ve received a greeting from a family member ! you have just received a virtual greeting from a family member ! you can pick up your postcard at the following web address : if you can ' t click on the web address above , you can also visit e - greetings at http : / / www . postcardsl 001 . com / and enter your pickup code , which is : a 91 - valets - cloud - 187 ( your postcard will be available for 60 days . ) oh - - and if you ' d like to reply with a postcard , you can do so by visiting this web address : http : / / www . postcardsl 001 . com / ( or you can simply click the reply to this postcard button beneath your postcard ! ) we hope you enjoy your postcard , and if you do , please take a moment to send a few yourself ! regards , 1001 greetings and postcards http : / / www . postcardsl 001 . com /  
2	Subject: glad i madde the move hello , welcome to phar coolie monline sho disrespectful p - one yellowish of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops labiate v corrective g a prostration l l opposed l l molecular a encephalitis ra maillot cl i stockjobbery sv mythicize a analects um andmanyother . - s welding ave over 50 % - worldwide sh resistance lpplng - total confidentiaii purchasingpower ty - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 countri canonization es have a nice day calumniatory ! 
2	Subject: re : need deal for march 2000 daren , yes , the gas on deal 210722 is going to reliant , however , it needs to be brokered instead of service as tejas does not show any transport . i don ' t know if it can be changed or if a new deal needs to be set up . thanks , buddy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 10 : 49 am to : majorwitz , buddy cc : olsen , michael ; schumack , sherlyn subject : re : need deal for march 2000 isn ' t the deal pathed from exxon king ranch ( deal 210722 ) to reliant ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : majorwitz , buddy sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 4 : 25 pm to : farmer , daren j . cc : olsen , michael ; schumack , sherlyn subject : need deal for march 2000 daren , sherlyn schumack suggested that i contact you with this matter . i am working on some old hpl issues and have come across a deal that was initially set up , # 208101 , but this deal was subsequently killed ( no reason found ) . this deal was copied from # 205533 which was good through 2 / 29 / 00 . please set up a valid deal for march 2000 just like either one of these deals whereby hpl is buying gas from ena on tejas at the same points . this deal is needed because it leads to a valid sale to reliant energy . please note that reliant has been invoiced and settlement has already been made . if i have not provided enough information or if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to give me a call . as i need to resolve this issue as soon as possible , your prompt attention to this matter would be most appreciated . buddy x - 31933 
2	Subject: aggressive investors and traders shouid be watching " stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 24 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baitic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects reiating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 mi | | ion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wiil suppiy upwards of 17 o , 000 mw of electricity annualiy for poland and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , ooo homes with electricity and offset nearly 17 o , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o million for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of reievant poiicies , strategies and plans . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossi | fue | sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 61 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: how have you been , , obtain all of your meds here . . topic snuggle save over 50 % onbprescriptionwdrugs with our on - linelpharmacy you can 1 . order name right from home ( not the cheap european versions on sites offer ) 2 . get it shipped same day to your door step 3 . never have to worry about getting a doctorsto write the prescriptionragain 4 . save hundreds of dollars over your localhpharmacy if all this sounds good to you then you need to click here for more about what we offer . we carry everything from vicodin , valum , xanax , and viagra . so go to our site to see how much we can save you today .  
2	Subject: market internet access - no investment needed market internet access no investment needed premium internet access for only $ 14 . 95 per month or less ! earn $ 1 per subscriber per month go to : http : / / new . isp . 50 megs . com / 1918 bqhx 5 - 227 cpamo 598 cjwr 2 - 912 ymjg 32 l 34 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 25 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 90 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: ice continues to attract and consolidate liquidity january 16 , 2002 ice continues to attract and consolidate liquidity ? average daily trading activity up 30 % in january ? new daily records set for north american power and gas atlanta , ga ( january 16 , 2002 ) - ( ice ) , one of the world ' s most liquid and fastest growing commodity marketplaces , announced today that trading volumes continue to grow at a record pace with average daily activity system - wide up 30 % over a month ago . ice also again set new daily trading records with north american power volume of more than 17 million mwhs ( megawatt hours ) on january 14 th and north american natural gas volume of more than 630 bcf ( billion cubic feet ) traded on january 9 th . " these volumes indicate that the market remains healthy despite the loss of a major player and that liquidity continues to be attracted to the ice platform , " said chuck vice , coo of . " the ability for ice users to minimize exposure to any one firm by broadly distributing business across a large and diverse group of counterparties , coupled with our role as a neutral marketplace , is attracting incredible volume . we expect this trend to continue in february as we begin offering clearing services via the global banking and brokerage community which owns and operates the london clearing house . " to date , month over month comparisons by market on ice are as follows : market mtd jan . ` 02 daily average % increase over dec . ` 01 daily average north american power ( megawatt hours ) 12 million 51 % north american gas ( cubic feet ) 415 billion 37 % european gas ( therms ) 117 million 32 % oil ( equivalent barrels ) 9 million 10 % precious metals ( equivalent gold oz ) 600 , 000 100 % ice emissions and weather derivative markets continue to be active as well with january volumes to date doubling those in december . as an open - access , multi - lateral electronic marketplace ,  has built a strong track record for offering increased liquidity and transparency to otc market participants . over 500 of the world ' s largest commodity trading firms are now ice participants . about  is one of the world ' s most liquid and fastest growing commodity marketplaces , owned by over 100 of the world ' s leading energy and metals traders , brokers and bankers . the ice electronic trading system is installed on over 8 , 500 desktops worldwide from which traders log on each day of the business week to trade more than 600 listed commodity and derivative contract types . broadly , these include crude oil and refined products , natural gas , power , precious metals , weather derivatives and emissions allowances . contract forms include physical delivery as well as financially settled swaps , spreads , differentials and options based on a variety of fixed and floating price indices . based in atlanta ( and with offices in new york , houston , chicago , london and singapore ) , ice is taking the technological revolution that occurred in international financial markets and extending it into global commodity markets .  is the owner of the international petroleum exchange of london ( ipe ) , europe ' s leading energy futures and options exchange . the ipe provides highly regulated open outcry and electronic marketplaces where industry participants use futures and options to minimize their price risk exposure in the physical energy market . products traded on ipe include brent crude futures and options , gas oil futures and options , natural gas futures and electricity ( baseload ) futures . 
2	Subject: headcount please find attached the headcount reconciliation you requested . i have added su and shahi to the fundy ' s number for tracking purposes . given this , i show 12 open positions . i need to compare my spreadsheets with our database to ensure we have similar info . if i find any discrepancies , i will let you know on monday . 
2	Subject: benefits for terminated employees hi all , i just got off the phone with the benefits center and they are informing people that it could take up to 90 days for them to send " termination packages " out to these employees and then you can send in your forms and it will take another 30 days to get a check , specifically talking about the cash balance plan money . this all happens after they get a notice that you are terminated which they usually process on the lst . . . . come on , what is up with this ? ? ? it could very well take up to 5 months for people to get a check in their hands ? that is not right . since all of you have a lot more clout than me or any of the terminated employees , i ' m hoping that someone will take this up with human resources or whomever to get this form downloadable or something to speed up this process . thanks . sabra dinari 
2	Subject: demand price elasticities here are excerpts from some work i recently did for epri . perhaps you will find it of some interest . i don ' t have the right to send you the whole article but i was allowed to send you some excerpts . naturally , this is intended for you alone . best regards , jhherbert - t 64 - 67 nletter 1 - 01 rev . doc 
2	Subject: draft press release : duke acquires new albany peaker attached is a draft press release regarding duke ' s purchase of our new albany facility . duke expects to release late in the day on thursday , june 28 . they will be meeting with the employees on friday . it is not much different than cinergy ' s or aes ' s releases when they purchased peakers . please forward all comments to me at your earliest convenience . while i am out of the office , i am accessing e - mail and voice mail or you can page me at 877 - 576 - 8750 . thanks . eric - release na draft 1 . doc 
2	Subject: california litigation team - weekly conference call a conference bridgeline has been set up for the california litigation team weekly conference call . the call will be held every thursday from 2 : 00 to 3 : 00 p . m . central time beginning thursday , april 19 . domestic dial in number : 1 - 800 - 713 - 8600 international dial in number : 1 - 801 - 983 - 4017 passcode : 56871 host : mark haedicke conference room : eb 38 c 2 janette elbertson enron north america corp . legal department - eb 3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 7906 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2600 janette . elbertson @ enron . com 
2	Subject: cera conference call and web presentation - - scheduled for monday , july 31 , 2000 - cera conference call if you want to attend this conference call , please let me know . i will register us . thanks . lorna - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 07 / 21 / 2000 05 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 07 / 17 / 2000 10 : 02 : 07 pm to : lorna . brennan @ enron . com cc : subject : cera conference call and web presentation - - scheduled for monday , july 31 , 2000 - cera conference call cera conference call : sent mon , july 17 , 2000 title : cera conference call and web presentation - - scheduled for monday , july 31 , 2000 author : western energy team e - mail category : conference call product line : western energy , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 & m  1274 , western energy conference call and web presentation a cambridge energy research associates conference call & web presentation topic cera ' s new western power price outlook * introduction to cera ' s western power price outlook service * summer 2000 power price strength : supply and demand drivers * august power demand : new peaks test the market * cera ' s near - term outlook for power prices format at the time listed below , our speakers will address this topic for approximately 30 minutes , with accompanying graphics presented on the internet , followed by an open question and answer period . speakers mike zenker , cera director , western energy peter moritzburke , cera associate , western energy time 4 : 00 p . m . eastern , monday , july 31 , 2000 eligibility clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to the western energy advisory service . to enroll to enroll , please contact ms . aida malsi via fax at ( 510 ) 874 - 4347 , or enroll via e - mail at amalsi @ cera . com before 4 : 00 p . m . , friday , july 28 , 2000 . audio netscape navigator 3 . 02 or higher ; or sun hot java ( tm ) * close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver technical assistance : us callers : if you are experiencing difficulties during the call , you may signal for technical assistance by pressing * 0 ( star , zero ) on your telephone keypad after you have connected to the audio portion of the conference . international callers : please re - dial and ask the operator for assistance before giving the confirmation code . a recording of this call ( audio only ) will be available until august 31 , 2000 . to access this recording , please call 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the u . s . ) or ( 719 ) 457 - 0820 ( outside the u . s . ) . please use confirmation number 893849 to access the call . for www . cera . com members , a multimedia ( audio and video ) playback of this call will be made available within one week of the call . a notice will be sent to members of the western energy service via email , and will include instructions on how to access the playback . for more information , please contact aida malsi via e - mail at amalsi @ cera . com or via telephone at ( 510 ) 874 - 4361 . * * end * * follow url for html version of this message only . note : should the above url not work , please use the following : account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: cialis - erection in 15 minutes full & hard erections long - lasting effects discreet delivery no prescription required 2 sites : cialis - http : / / www . medgamma . com / sv / viagra - http : / / www . medgamma . com / vt / select the manufacturer you can rely on ! shipping & delivery to any location to be taken out , go here : http : / / www . medgamma . com / uns . htm  
2	Subject: website link of outsourcing offsite the info from the outsourcing offsite has been loaded to the development environment of the global risk operations home page . take a look . i scanned and didn ' t see anything i wouldn ' t want to have in production , but thought you might want to check before we move it into production . once you say okay , we ' ll move it out and then we need you to send the memo out that introduces the website . http : / / gro . dev . corp . enron . com / click the link and then select " outsourcing ase studio workshop " under the global heading in the body of the page . 
2	Subject: hp laserjet 4100 printer @ $ 728 . 00 hp laserjet 4100 printer part no # c 8049 a $ 728 . 00 * only while stocks last print speed : up to 25 ppm print technology : laser monochrome resolution : up to 1200 x 1200 dpi paper handling : 600 sheet input capacity consists of 2 trays . memory : 16 mbconnectivity : parallel environments : mac or pc compatible visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective ownershp only for sale in the middle east products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: your shipment status congratulations jm @ netnoteinc . com ! dear jm @ netnoteinc . com , you ' ve been selected to receive a bottle of calvin klein ' s  ckbe - free * . click here now for the scent that ' s great for both men and women . it ' s the perfect scent to wear for any occassion . it ' s light , and just a little citrusy - you ' ll love it for summer ! click here now and we ' ll send this refreshing scent right out to you . with only a few bottles on hand , i know they won ' t last long . guarantee your own good fortune - and click here to claim your very own bottle of calvin klein ' s  ckbe . jm @ netnoteinc . com act now and click here for a one time only chance ! sincerely , lori anderson yourfreepresent . com p . s . please feel free to forward this great offer to a friend ! * all offers are based on 100 % customer satisfaction . yourfreepresent reserves the right to cancel this offer any time once quantities run out . a handling charge of $ 5 . 93 will be applied to each item . all merchandise and offers are based on first come first serve . offer not valid in the state of california . you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: want a cablefilter ? good day bruce @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org , never pay for ppv sports , movies , adult channels , ondemand , ever again ! get yourself a 54 mhz cablefilter for your t . v . then start saving on your cable bills ! it ' ll pay for itself by your next bill ! goto our page below our page : nauhgh . com get back to you later , ruthie z . simon , vi shockerantoinette @ flashmail . com assibilation is 120939210 in asideness broncholithiasis was barbary in the bloodripe cattail was 306930381 in blindfast alemannish is os for articulus to attentively below bucculatrix in barograph calends for a 319334625 once andesine or arosaguntacook for assonate act in the valley so that you need not fear those who stand on the hill . - danish proverb . i don ' t miss jumping for three or four weeks . . 
2	Subject: meddz offr hello , welcome to the medzonli lattermost ne - online pharmaceutica negatory l shop . impedimenta va u recast mv papier i guncrew ra damask ci mondial is convenience li a ammunition g housewifery al andmanyother . with our sh racemose op you get - best p pathological rlces excellent servic interpolation e fast sh norfolk ipping private online orderi leninist ng have a nice day . 
2	Subject: xu : unique logo design ! your business lacks visual identity ? marketing efforts falling short ? invisible among a sea of competitors ? you ' re on the right track for a solution - keep reading . . . our professional designers specialize in the creation of custom logos and business / corporate identities . our design needs to be seen only once to gain customer attention and recognition . with one of our unique , eye - catching mages you ' ll never have to introduce yourself twice ! we promise fast turnaround and 100 % customer satisfaction . choose from as any design ideas as necessary , select as many colors as you wish , order any modifications you like , and request any format . our prices are affordable for any size of business , and get this : there are no hidden fees . follow the link below to browse our portfolio and check out our sweet deals . wipe the " in " from " invisible " in just a few days - with us ! http : / / 724 e . com . inno - cds . info sincerely , antonio blake 
2	Subject: epc negotiation team louise , this is 95 % good to go . i still need to hear from mark h . to confirm that i have the correct legal representation for the group . i am available to discuss this with you and brian when you meet with him . brian 
2	Subject: you may recall that we met at a jp morgan luncheon a few years back . because of the unsuccessful attempt by morgan to sell the energy business , i find myself looking for employment . i am attaching a copy of my resume for your consideration should a position in you organization come available . many thanks , tim - cover _ enron . doc - resume . doc 
2	Subject: re : ena sales on hpl daren - thank you for the list of the true , remaining ena sales customers . i have been researching your list & getting the contractual volumes that brenda needs . i am confused about praxair though . the sales contract between ena & praxair was assigned to hplc eff / 10 / 1 / 99 . the only remaining contract between ena & praxair is a master financial agreement . does praxair really need to remain under ena or is it okay under hplc ? if it really needs to be under ena , we will need to un - do the 10 / 1 / 99 assignment to hplc or set - up a new contract between ena & praxair . please advise . daren j farmer 05 / 11 / 2000 03 : 11 pm to : cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ena sales on hpl cheryl , the counterparties with which ena currently sales gas are : city of brazoria central illinois light company d & h gas company , inc . markham gas merit energy partners praxair reliant energy - entex reliant energy - hl & p southern union company texas utilities fuel company ( now txu fuel co ) union carbide corporation unit gas transmission company inc ena has transacted with the other companies listed below , but that will most likely not happen again . ( hpl will trade with those counterparties . ) all ena trades on hpl will be in sitara . we have reports which can be generated out of cpr that can list all deals by counterparty for ena . let me know if you need something like that . let me know if you have any other questions . d cheryl d king 05 / 10 / 2000 08 : 42 am sent by : cheryl dudley to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect subject : ena sales on hpl just to update you on this project ' s status : based on a new report that scott mills ran for me from sitara , i have come up with the following counterparties as the ones to which ena is selling gas off of hpl ' s pipe . altrade transaction , l . l . c . gulf gas utilities company brazoria , city of panther pipeline , inc . central illinois light company praxair , inc . central power and light company reliant energy - entex ces - equistar chemicals , lp reliant energy - hl & p central illinois light company southern union company d & h gas company , inc . texas utilities fuel company duke energy field services , inc . txu gas distribution entex gas marketing company union carbide corporation equistar chemicals , lp unit gas transmission company inc . since i ' m not sure exactly what gets entered into sitara , pat clynes suggested that i check with daren farmer to make sure that i ' m not missing something ( which i did below ) . while i am waiting for a response from him and / or mary smith , i will begin gathering the contractual volumes under the above contracts . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cheryl dudley / hou / ect on 05 / 10 / 2000 07 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cheryl d king 05 / 08 / 2000 04 : 11 pm sent by : cheryl dudley to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ena sales on hpl i am working on a project for brenda herod & was wondering if one of you could tell me if i ' m on the right track & if this will get everything for which she is looking . she is trying to draft a long - term transport / storage agreement between ena & hplc which will allow ena to move the gas to their markets . in order to accomplish this , she needs to know all of the sales to customers that ena is doing off of hpl ' s pipe . i had scott mills run a report from sitara showing all ena buy / sell activity on hpl since 7 / 99 . if i eliminate the buys & the desk - to - desk deals , will this give me everything that i need ? are there buy / sell deals done with ena on hpl ' s pipe that wouldn ' t show up in sitara ? someone mentioned something about deals where hpl transports the gas on it ' s own behalf then ena sells it to a customer at that same spot - - ? ? ? ? ? do deals like that happen ? would they show up in sitara ? is there anything else that i ' m missing ? i ' m not real familiar with how some of these deals happen nowadays so am very receptive to any ideas / suggestions / help that you can offer ! ! ! thanks in advance . 
2	Subject:  poisoning diagnosis ' rock solid ' ( cnn ) - - the doctor who has overseen the treatment in vienna of ukrainian opposition leader viktor yushchenko says the diagnosis of dioxin poisoning is " rock solid , " but says more information must be obtained before medical authorities can determine the candidate ' s prognosis . dr . michael zimpfer told cnn sunday that he based his conclusion on a physical examination of the patient and " various blood tests " carried out at vienna ' s rudolfinerhaus clinic and elsewhere . zimpfer told reporters over the weekend that the concentration of dioxin in yushchenko ' s body was " 1 , 000 times above the normal levels " and that he suspected " third - party involvement . " the revelation prompted ukraine ' s prosecutor - general to reopen a probe into the opposition leader ' s illness . " we have sent samples to a lab within europe and also to labs across the atlantic ocean that claim to have vast experience , and they came up with the results , " zimpfer told cnn late sunday . yushchenko has " a tremendous amount of dioxin in the blood , " zimpfer said , so much that " it ' s beyond the scale . " yushchenko has accused ukrainian authorities of having tried to poison him in the run - up to november ' s fraudulent presidential election . ukraine ' s supreme court voided the outcome after yushchenko lost to prime minister viktor yanukovich , and a rerun of the contest is slated to be held on december 26 . the 50 - year - old , then - telegenic campaigner was taken to the vienna hospital in september , when he first fell ill . he resumed campaigning later in the month but with a pockmarked and badly disfigured face . given what little medical information has been released publicly , yushchenko could have been exposed to any of about 20 dioxins or dioxin - like chemicals , said dr . arnold schecter , professor of medicine at the university texas school of public health at southwestern medical center in dallas . 
2	Subject: brahminic claliis $ 96 , xanaax $ 75 , ambieen $ 72 , \ / 1 agrra $ 85 , \ / icodl 1 n , \ / alluum $ 75 balbutiate seaport uniformity ptloris lemonade inapposite murrion ulcus solicit sibyl umbrella fretta . sequacity , \ / icodiin , cialiis , \ / iaagra , xanaax , \ / alium , ambieen & all . . . . . no long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out todayworldwide shiipping prom 0 tion running now : \ / icodiin : from $ best price for this high demand med \ / iaagra : from $ 64 cialiis : from $ 96 xanaax : from $ 75 \ / alium : from $ 70 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from apostate dont miss out this prom 0 tl 0 nlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) artery quercitron focally lake autolysis soldierly norse  
2	Subject: get a free bottle of wine & tasting kit all of this can be yours for only $ 12 . 99 * 2 bottles of premium wine 2 elegant wine glasses capitano waiter ' s corkscrew marble bottle stopper delicious gourmet wine crackers member discounts on additional wine selections our cellar profile newsletter total retail value of this special offer - $ 42 . 95 a special offer for the discriminating wine drinker . indulge your love of adventure . discovery . and fine wine from the comfort of your home with our convenient program . receive two expertly selected premium wines for the price of one - only $ 12 . 99 * - 50 % off the regular price - delivered to your door with our wine starter kit as a free gift . starter kit includes , 2 elegant wine glasses , a capitano waiter ' s corkscrew , gourmet wine crackers and more ! you ' ll have your choice of two reds , two whites or one of each . one month you may have the pleasure of experiencing a wonderfully full - bodied cabernet sauvignon from california and a delicious chardonnay from australia . another month , you may get an exquisite chianti from italy and a fabulous sauvignon blanc from france . you ' ll savor a broad range of some of the world ' s most fascinating wine - right in your own home . your satisfaction is 100 % guaranteed . if you are not completely satisfied with the classic selections program , you can cancel at any time . there is no minimum to buy and no obligation for further purchases or deliveries . so , uncork your own wine adventure and explore the world ' s finest vineyards with classic selections ! you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: vicodin for sale , no prior prescription needed buy vicodin online get viaga / cialis buy valium for cheap get xanax online from our online pharmacy . our pharmacy has the best anti - anxiety drugs , lose weight pills , nervousness and tension relieve and more . . no prescription required ! discreet / fast & free overnight shipping . get more info below : http : / / www 30 . com / livechat / online . html just copy & paste the url above in your browser ! cash curlew ascendant awful drag southpaw aggravate phosphorescent everything copperfield epistle peacock emmett harold smother bela montenegrin baccalaureate facultative junky enterprise blush forbore  shifty 2 
2	Subject: enron mentions partnership spurs enron equity cut - - - vehicle is connected to financial officer the wall street journal , 10 / 18 / 01 suit alleges conflict of interest at enron houston chronicle , 10 / 18 / 01 enron shareholder sues over partnerships run by cfo ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 analysts vent anger at ' hidden ' enron charge . financial times - ft . com , 10 / 18 / 01 enron says its links to partnership led to $ 1 . 2 billion equity reduction dow jones business news , 10 / 18 / 01 markets ford ' s financial fine - tuning leads to $ 692 million loss in 3 rd quarter earnings : sales incentives , production cutbacks hit company hard . ceo plans reorganizational moves . los angeles times , 10 / 18 / 01 uk : analysis - lme members survey hard choices ahead . reuters english news service , 10 / 18 / 01 maharashtra to challenge london court order on dpc the economic times , 10 / 18 / 01 india : enron : maharashtra to move london court in a week business line ( the hindu ) , 10 / 18 / 01 india : gail keen on dabhol lng terminal project business line ( the hindu ) , 10 / 18 / 01 ferc to discuss possible changes to west pwr price caps dow jones energy service , 10 / 17 / 01 partnership spurs enron equity cut - - - vehicle is connected to financial officer by rebecca smith and john r . emshwiller staff reporters of the wall street journal 10 / 18 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . shrank its shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion as the company decided to repurchase 55 million of its shares that it had issued as part of a series of complex transactions with an investment vehicle connected to its chief financial officer andrew s . fastow . enron didn ' t disclose the big equity reduction in its earnings release issued on tuesday , when the houston - based energy giant announced a $ 1 . 01 billion charge to third - quarter earnings that produced a $ 618 million loss . but the company briefly mentioned it in a subsequent call with security analysts and confirmed it in response to questions yesterday . as a result of the reduction , enron ' s shareholder equity has dropped to $ 9 . 5 billion , the company said . in an interview tuesday , enron chairman kenneth lay said that about $ 35 million of the $ 1 . 01 billion charge to earnings was related to transactions with ljm 2 co - investment lp , a limited partnership created and run by mr . fastow . in a conference call yesterday with investors , mr . lay said that the 55 million shares had been repurchased by enron , as the company " unwound " its participation in the transactions . in the third quarter , the company ' s average number of shares outstanding was 913 million . according to rick causey , enron ' s chief accounting officer , these shares were contributed to a " structured finance vehicle " set up about two years ago in which enron and ljm 2 were the only investors . in exchange for the stock , the entity provided enron with a note . the aim of the transaction was to provide hedges against fluctuating values in some of enron ' s broadband telecommunications and other technology investments . mr . causey didn ' t elaborate on what form those hedges took . subsequently , both the value of enron ' s stock and the value of the broadband investments hedged by the entity dropped sharply . as a result , enron decided essentially to dissolve the financing vehicle and reacquire the shares . when enron reacquired the shares , it also canceled the note it had received from the entity . in addition , enron was receiving increasing criticism from analysts and major shareholders concerning the apparent conflict of interest involving the role of its chief financial officer in the partnership , from which he stood to make millions of dollars . in july , mr . fastow formally severed his connections to ljm . mr . fastow has declined to be interviewed . given all the complexities of the ljm - related financing vehicle and the questions it raised outside the company , " the confusion factor wasn ' t worth the trouble of trying to continue this , " mr . causey said . enron downplayed the significance of the share - reduction exercise . mark palmer , an enron spokesman , described it " as just a balance - sheet issue " and therefore wasn ' t deemed " material " for disclosure purposes . jeff dietret , an analyst for simmons & co . in houston , said that a large reduction of equity could be " a flag for the rating agencies " because it could adversely affect a company ' s debt - to - equity ratio . enron said yesterday that as a result of the equity reduction , its debt - to - equity ratio rose to 50 % from 46 % previously . on tuesday , after enron reported its big quarterly loss , moody ' s investors service inc . put enron ' s long - term debt on review for a possible downgrade . moody ' s said the move was related to " significant write - downs and charges reflecting substantially reduced valuations " in several of enron ' s businesses . in recent years , enron had moved aggressively into broadband telecommunications and the water business , both of which failed to produce expected returns . enron , which as of june 30 had $ 33 . 6 billion in current liabilities and long - term debt , has lately been attempting to shed assets to pay down debt . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . oct . 18 , 2001 houston chronicle briefs : houston & state suit alleges conflict of interest at enron enron corp . ' s board cost the company at least $ 35 million by allowing the chief financial officer to manage partnerships that bought enron assets , a shareholder alleges . fred greenberg filed the suit wednesday in harris county district court , said his lawyer , paul paradis . chief financial officer andrew fastow ' s positions with two limited partnerships that bought enron assets were a clear conflict of interest , paradis said . the lawsuit doesn ' t specify which assets the partnerships bought . the lawsuit comes a day after enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses from failed investments . enron shareholder sues over partnerships run by cfo ( update 2 ) 2001 - 10 - 17 19 : 42 ( new york ) enron shareholder sues over partnerships run by cfo ( update 2 ) ( adds detail on third - quarter loss in final paragraph . ) houston , oct . 17 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s board cost the company at least $ 35 million by allowing the chief financial officer to manage partnerships that bought enron assets , a shareholder alleges in a lawsuit . shareholder fred greenberg filed the suit today in harris county district court in houston , said paul paradis , a partner at the law firm abbey gardy llp and greenberg ' s attorney . enron is based in houston . chief financial officer andrew fastow ' s positions with two limited partnerships that bought enron assets was a clear conflict of interest , paradis said . the lawsuit doesn ' t specify which assets the partnerships bought . ` ` enron directors permitted fastow to be in the unique position of knowing what assets were worth , ' ' paradis said . ` ` he was placed in the position of irreconcilable conflict that permitted him to capitalize on enron ' s proprietary information . ' ' the lawsuit comes the day after enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses from failed investments . the wall street journal reported today that $ 35 million of the losses were connected with two limited partnerships run by fastow . the suit seeks damages of at least $ 35 million , paradis said . damages would be paid to the company , probably by insurance protecting directors from lawsuits , paradis said . enron spokesman mark palmer declined to comment on the allegations . formed to lower debt the company has formed several limited partnerships that buy its assets . this allows enron to reduce debt so it can borrow more money for other projects . the suit , citing details from today ' s wall street journal article , says fastow ran two of the partnerships , ljm cayman and ljm 2 . he could have earned as much as 2 percent annually of the total amounts the partnerships invested , the suit says . ljm cayman raised $ 16 million in initial partnership capital , while ljm 2 raised at least $ 200 million . allowing a company official to run the partnerships raises the question of impropriety , said andre meade , an analyst at commerzbank securities who rates enron a ` ` buy ' ' and owns no company shares . partnerships not uncommon many companies create limited partnerships , meade said , using them for tax purposes . ` ` duke energy corp . and kinder morgan inc . both have limited partnerships where assets are transferred , ' ' he said . enron also has owned a controlling interest in whitewing limited partnership . whitewing was financed with a $ 1 . 4 billion bond sale last year conducted by osprey trust , which set up the partnership with $ 807 million for buying enron assets , according to the osprey trust offering memorandum . whitewing has bought 14 enron power and gas companies since it was formed in 1999 , according to the memorandum . it had sold four of them as of september 2000 . enron said in the offering memorandum that officers and directors of the energy trader may serve as directors of whitewing . ` ` therefore the duties of the directors and officers of enron may conflict with the duties of the officers and directors of whitewing management llc , ' ' the osprey trust offering memorandum says . enron reported a third - quarter loss of $ 618 million , or 84 cents a share yesterday , compared with net income of $ 292 million , or 34 cents , a year earlier . shares of enron fell $ 1 . 64 to $ 32 . 20 today . analysts vent anger at ' hidden ' enron charge . by julie earle . 10 / 18 / 2001 financial times - ft . com ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron , the us energy trader which is under intense scrutiny by analysts who have demanded the company release more detailed financial information , on wednesday gave details of a $ 1 . 2 bn charge against equity it skipped over in its third quarter results briefing on tuesday . on wednesday , enron outlined details of a $ 1 . 01 bn charge against earnings in its result , due to failed investments in its telecommunications , retail energy sales and water businesses . ken lay , chairman , fleetingly mentioned a separate $ 1 . 2 bn charge against equity , or a dilution of equity on the company ' s balance sheet , in a conference call with analysts and the media , and said it would not affect the company ' s credit rating . many analysts apparently thought this was the $ 1 . 01 bn charge mr lay was willing to break down and to answer questions about . mr lay met analysts on wednesday in new york , but there was again no mention of the $ 1 . 2 bn charge . mr lay apparently initially refused to answer questions from frustrated analysts . in august , after the departure of enron ' s chief financial officer , jeff skilling , mr lay promised to provide more earnings transparency . " it was unbelievable . questions were asked and he moved around it and then finally he [ mr lay ] gave a roundabout answer . the [ $ 1 . 2 bn ] charge was all related to the writing down of the se failed investments , " one analyst said . " they were trying to sneak it by . they already have a credibility problem and this did not help it , " he said , adding that enron never disclosed the charge ' s net effect and moody ' s inv estor ' s services , the credit rating agency , placed enron ' s $ 13 bn of debt on hold minutes later . " we told them we felt they should have been more honest in the presentation [ yesterday ] . " enron rejected criticism of the failure to fully report and explain the $ 1 . 2 bn charge . ( c ) copyright financial times group . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron says its links to partnership led to $ 1 . 2 billion equity reduction 10 / 18 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . shrank its shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion as the company decided to repurchase 55 million of its shares that it had issued as part of a series of complex transactions with an investment vehicle connected to its chief financial officer andrew s . fastow , thursday ' s wall street journal reported . enron ( ene ) didn ' t disclose the big equity reduction in its earnings release issued on tuesday , when the houston - based energy giant announced a $ 1 . 01 billion charge to third - quarter earnings that produced a $ 618 million loss . but the company briefly mentioned it in a subsequent call with security analysts and confirmed it in response to questions yesterday . as a result of the reduction , enron ' s shareholder equity has dropped to $ 9 . 5 billion , the company said . in an interview tuesday , enron chairman kenneth lay said that about $ 35 million of the $ 1 . 01 billion charge to earnings was related to transactions with ljm 2 co - investment lp , a limited partnership created and run by mr . fastow . in a conference call yesterday with investors , mr . lay said that the 55 million shares had been repurchased by enron , as the company " unwound " its participation in the transactions . in the third quarter , the company ' s average number of shares outstanding was 913 million . according to rick causey , enron ' s chief accounting officer , these shares were contributed to a " structured finance vehicle " set up about two years ago in which enron and ljm 2 were the only investors . in exchange for the stock , the entity provided enron with a note . the aim of the transaction was to provide hedges against fluctuating values in some of enron ' s broadband telecommunications and other technology investments . mr . causey didn ' t elaborate on what form those hedges took . subsequently , both the value of enron ' s stock and the value of the broadband investments hedged by the entity dropped sharply . as a result , enron decided essentially to dissolve the financing vehicle and reacquire the shares . when enron reacquired the shares , it also canceled the note it had received from the entity . in addition , enron was receiving increasing criticism from analysts and major shareholders concerning the apparent conflict of interest involving the role of its chief financial officer in the partnership , from which he stood to make millions of dollars . in july , mr . fastow formally severed his connections to ljm . mr . fastow has declined to be interviewed . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk markets ford ' s financial fine - tuning leads to $ 692 million loss in 3 rd quarter earnings : sales incentives , production cutbacks hit company hard . ceo plans reorganizational moves . times wire services 10 / 18 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 4 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company ford motor co . had a third - quarter loss of $ 692 million because the second - largest auto maker cut production and offered zero - percent financing to draw car buyers into showrooms . the loss of 38 cents a share , which compared with year - earlier net income of $ 888 million , or 53 cents , includes the cost of ford ' s plan to sell its company - owned dealerships . sales declined 9 % to $ 36 . 55 billion . chief executive jacques nasser , who already is eliminating as many as 5 , 000 salaried jobs by year - end , said he will make more moves to reorganize in december . ford cut north american production 23 % from the year - earlier quarter as a slower economy hurt demand and tighter u . s . border security disrupted supplies . marketing expenses rose after ford matched no - interest loans offered by rival general motors corp . the dearborn , mich . - based company ' s shares , which slipped 55 cents to close at $ 17 . 13 on the new york stock exchange , have fallen 27 % this year . excluding one - time items , ford had a loss from operations of $ 502 million , or 28 cents a share , matching the average analyst forecast in a thomson financial / first call survey . the company ' s u . s . vehicle sales fell 11 % through september , twice the industrywide decline . its revenue declined from $ 40 . 06 billion in the year - earlier quarter . north american auto making operations had a third - quarter loss of $ 849 million , compared with year - earlier profit of $ 782 million . ford ' s fourth - quarter results will improve from the third quarter but " it will be difficult to earn a profit during the quarter , " chief financial officer martin inglis said on a conference call . the first call average forecast that ford will earn 6 cents a share is too high , he said . at a glance other earnings , excluding one - time gains or charges unless noted : * enron corp . , the largest energy trader , posted a $ 618 - million loss in the third quarter after losing $ 1 . 01 billion on failed investments in water , telecommunications and retail energy sales . the final loss was 84 cents a share after payment of preferred dividends , the houston - based company said . net income in the year - earlier period was $ 292 million , or 34 cents . revenue rose 59 % to $ 47 . 6 billion . excluding the charges , enron said it would have earned $ 393 million , or 43 cents a share , which matched the average estimate of analysts . enron said it still expects to earn 45 cents a share in the fourth quarter . * defense contractor general dynamics corp . said third - quarter operating profit was $ 230 million , or $ 1 . 13 a share , up 13 % from $ 204 million , or $ 1 . 02 a share , a year earlier . sales rose 22 % to $ 3 . 02 billion . but the company warned analysts not to boost their full - year earnings estimates beyond $ 4 . 50 a share . * linens ' n things inc . , the home - accessories and housewares retailer , said third - quarter profit fell 20 % , and fourth - quarter earnings will be at the lower end of analysts ' estimates . net income fell to $ 14 . 7 million , or 36 cents a share , from $ 18 . 4 million , or 45 cents , a year earlier . the company was expected to earn 37 cents . sales 14 % to $ 468 . 9 million . * office depot inc . said third - quarter profit rose 23 % to $ 62 . 5 million , or 20 cents a share , from $ 50 . 6 million , or 16 cents , a year earlier . office depot said fourth - quarter profit may be 3 cents to 5 cents a share below the 20 - cent average estimate of analysts . * drug giant pfizer inc . achieved double - digit earnings and revenue growth during the quarter , driven by strong sales of cholesterol treatment lipitor . pfizer ' s operating profit jumped 28 % to $ 2 . 19 billion , or 34 cents a share , a penny better than expected . those figures exclude one - time costs , including those from pfizer ' s acquisition of warner lambert . sales rose 10 % to $ 7 . 90 billion . * philip morris cos . , the biggest tobacco company , said third - quarter profit rose slightly as sales of premium brands such as marlboro increased in the u . s . while declining currencies hurt results abroad . net income rose to $ 2 . 33 billion , or $ 1 . 06 a share , from $ 2 . 32 billion , or $ 1 . 03 , a year earlier . sales climbed 12 % to $ 22 . 4 billion . the company said it will meet its previous full - year profit growth forecast of 9 % . separately , the company said chief executive geoffrey bible plans to retire in 10 months at age 65 . under bible , philip morris ' s five - year average annual profit growth is 9 . 3 % , helped by sales of the no . 1 marlboro brand cigarettes and the company ' s miller brewing and kraft foods inc . businesses . * raytheon co . , maker of the tomahawk missile used by u . s . forces in the attack on afghanistan , posted a net loss after charges , as weakness in its commercial aerospace operations offset gains from military businesses . raytheon reported a net loss of $ 285 million , or 79 cents per share , compared with a profit of $ 105 million , or 31 cents , a year ago . those results include charges announced wednesday from the company ' s raytheon aircraft unit , hurt by the sept . 11 attacks ' effect on the commercial air transport industry . even excluding special items , operating earnings fell 10 % , missing wall street ' s targets . revenue fell 7 % to $ 3 . 9 billion . * trw inc . , the largest u . s . maker of air bags , said third - quarter operating profit fell to $ 75 million , or 59 cents a share , compared with $ 91 million , or 73 cents , a year ago . sales fell 5 % to $ 3 . 9 billion . ( begin text of infobox / infographic ) earnings reports ( tabular data not included ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : analysis - lme members survey hard choices ahead . by martin hayes 10 / 18 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 18 ( reuters ) - the london metal exchange ( lme ) faces stormy times a year after demutualisation as members ask where their future lies - with electronic screens , on an open - outcry trading floor or even in some other type of business . the debate is happening as the global metals industry gathers in london for the lme ' s annual dinner week , which this year will be a subdued affair . " lme week will struggle to surprise against a backcloth of military action in afghanistan , dismal economic data , forlorn price sentiment and optimists rarer than hen ' s teeth , " analyst nick moore of j . p . morgan securities said . a veteran trader said , " it is going to be a less - populous affair this year . the people that have to do their annual deals will still be there , but we have noticed that people are not travelling unless they have to . " the downturn in the economic cycle has hit the world ' s largest non - ferrous metals market hard . years of volume growth have ended , prices have fallen to lows and shrinking revenues and commissions have pared many brokers ' profits . mitsuibussan has scaled back activities and no longer makes markets , scotiamocatta has left the floor and blue - blooded n . m . rothschild has simply quit the non - ferrous metals business . the way to trade lme trading remains dominated by the price discovery mechanism of the open - outcry official rings , but electronic systems have made deep inroads over the past year . " the trade is rapidly being condensed into the three screen mediums . enron , spectron and lme select , " a director at one broker said . traders said screens had almostly completely superseded the telephone market during inter - office sessions as narrower buy / sell quotes in larger markets were available on the highly transparent screens . " what that has done is to perfect the pricing mechanism - it has flattened out some of the volatility from the market . this has cut the brokers ' margins , but at the same time their overheads are constant - they have to pay for screens and to run a floor operation , " the director said . screen trading volumes still represent only a small proportion of total daily turnover , but earlier this week the lme reported a record daily turnover of 10 , 483 lots on the select system - by far the highest since the screens were switched on in february . " we are working hard to ensure that lme select becomes the electronic trading system of choice for our members , " lme chief executive simon heale said . however , senior traders said that once volumes started to increase on screens , electronic turnovers could explode - as had happened on other exchanges . that could force the issue for the lme as it continued to offer three methods of trading - screens , telephones and open - outcry . " despite the lme ' s resistance , the world is turning to screens . the ipe ( international petroleum exchange ) is going that way , and in the u . s . that pattern is being seen as well , " another senior trader said . incentives traders said open - outcry trading would wither away unless the lme acted to make it more attractive to existing participants and potential new entrants . " they should be thinking about giving discounts to people on the ring . maybe they should also approach some of the big off - market players and find out what would entice them to become rdms ( ring dealing members ) , " the veteran trader said . in europe , other than the lme only the ipe has an open - outcry floor , and that will close next year . the rdms of the lme are trying to fight back - in 2000 they extended the open - outcry sessions by carrying on business through an early - afternoon recess . but after scotiamocatta metals decided to call a halt to executing business on the floor this week rdm numbers have dwindled to just 11 . " it is a structural problem as there is just not enough income on the ring . we are almost getting to a ' last man standing ' situation . if we drop under 10 there is a danger the ring may just implode , " the senior trader said . the ranks of associate broker clearer members ( abcms ) are expanding . these firms have all the benefits of lme membership , but cannot trade during the open - outcry sessions . this week , south africa ' s investec group joined as an abcm , bringing the total of this membership tier to 26 . another sizeable bank is pondering whether to join , but only as an abcm . " it would be good if someone else came down , but who is going to spend money recruiting a team - clerks , support staff , back office and so on ? it is best to go for a small team using screens - the lme needs to either cut our costs or make it less easy to go off - market , " a senior floor trader said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones source : world reporter ( tm ) the maharashtra government has decided to challenge the injunction order issued by the commercial court in london restraining the state from filing suits against the dabhol power company ( dpc ) in india . the dpc had obtained the injunction on octoberl 1 . the state government has decided to challenge the order as we feel that the concerned court should have heard the state as well . within a week we would be presenting our case , the state chief minister vilasrao deshmukh said here on wednesday . the ex - parte order relates to arbitration proceedings between the state government and dpc with respect to state guarantee , state support and supplemental state support agreements . it prevented the state government from taking any legal action in india , challenging the international arbitration proceedings initiated by dpc . mr deshmukh today also reiterated his governments resolve not to draw electricity from dpc . there is no logic in buying dpc power at higher rate and selling it with much lower rates , deshmukh said . according to deshmukh , due to recent rainfall , the demand for electricity has gone down considerably and the state electricity board is supplying power without interruption . meanwhile , the government today expressed its resolve to initiate a judicial probe into the entire enron deal . the probe would begin in few weeks , deshmukh said . the state has already requested the chief justice of the mumbai high court to appoint a judge for the probe . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : enron : maharashtra to move london court in a week 10 / 18 / 2001 business line ( the hindu ) fin . times info ltd - asia africa intel wire . business line ( the hindu ) copyright ( c ) 2001 kasturi & sons ltd . all rights res ' d mumbai , oct . 17 maharashtra will move the commercial court of london " within a week " against the injunction obtained by enron ' s dabhol power company ( dpc ) restraining the state from challenging international arbitration initiated by dpc in any indian court , the chief minister , mr vilasrao deshmukh , told newspersons . he was speaking at a post - cabinet meeting press conference here on wednesday . the enron - promoted dpc had obtained the ex - parte order on october 11 , 2001 . the state government had 23 days to respond to the order . the arbitration panel has been constituted for some time now and proceedings were expected to begin any time . however , the proceedings could not take off as a dispute over the jurisdiction of the maharashtra state electricity regulatory commission had dragged on to the mumbai high court and then the supreme court . both the courts had restrained dpc from continuing international arbitration pending resolution of the merc jurisdiction issue . the chief minister also said the appointment of a retired supreme court judge to head the judicial probe into the power purchase agreement with enron would also be completed in a week ' s time . our bureau copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : gail keen on dabhol lng terminal project 10 / 18 / 2001 business line ( the hindu ) fin . times info ltd - asia africa intel wire . business line ( the hindu ) copyright ( c ) 2001 kasturi & sons ltd . all rights res ' d new delhi , oct . 17 gas authority of india ltd ( gail ) has written to both the petroleum ministry and the power ministry evincing interest in the 5 million tonnes per annum ( mmtpa ) lng regassification terminal of the dabhol power company , according to government officials . in a recent communique to the two ministries , it has asked the financial institutions to set up a meeting to enable it review the financial details of the lng project . the financial data on the lng project solely rests with bechtel , ge and enron . as a first step towards examining the financial data , gail will require to enter into a confidentiality clause agreement with the present project sponsors to access the data . meanwhile , the financial institutions are awaiting the results of political parleys between the centre and the maharashtra government towards bringing the latter into a ' solution finding ' mode to implement a financial restructuring package and resolve the dabhol crisis . once this is done , the fis will freeze the financial package - involving sacrifices undertaken by the present stakeholders - and again elicit market response towards bettering the tatas ' proposition . although the fis had earlier scouted the market and found only the tatas evincing interest in the project , it would again offer the dabhol project to the market to ensure that the concessions on the part of the state are not awarded on a nomination basis . the foreign lenders have pointed out that they would not be agreeable to the domestic fis spearheading the salvage operation finally resulting in transfer of ownership of the power plant . hence , the government is mulling a high - level committee to implement the process leading to transfer of ownership . balaji c . mouli copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ferc to discuss possible changes to west pwr price caps by jason leopold and andrew dowell 10 / 17 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 323 - 658 - 3874 ; jason . leopold @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: tw pnr billing - november 2001 attached is the detail for november 2001 pnr . a summary of the activity is as follows : buyer po # poi bom bal dekatherm rate / dth invoice amount calpine energy 27507 78151 0 22 , 500 $ 0 . 3883 $ 43 , 683 . 75 richardson 27249 500622 0 10 , 000 $ 0 . 0300 $ 600 . 00 total 32 , 500 $ 44 , 283 . 75 in addition , pnm cleared up an imbalance position discovered on an old pnr contract . pnm took re - delivery of the gas on november 29 th . there were no charges applied to the pnm activity . 
2	Subject: bloomberg terminal do you want a separate bloomberg terminal or use your current monitor on your right ? tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: save with us rafael swiss pharmacy online warehouse valium $ 69 , levitra $ 69 , cialis $ 89 viagra $ 69 , tramadol $ 69 , ambien $ 109 phentermine $ 69 , xanax $ 99 , soma $ 59 with each purchase you get : home delivery . total confidentiality . f . d . a approveddrugs . you electra me indulgent me you exemplar me contention me you methuselah me balustrade me you catalpa me angelina me you santiago me caller me you spectator me snug me quit  
2	Subject: iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order all , i have reviewed documents from the iso ' s website regarding forced outages as they relate to the june 19 ferc order and concluded the following : ( 1 ) during a system emergency , a penalty based on twice the highest price paid for energy in the hour could be assessed if the participating generator does not notify the iso of the outage within the operating hour of the outage , and ( 2 ) during a non - system emergency , a generator could be assessed a penalty if it fails to report the forced outage within the operating hour . if you have any questions at all , i can be reached at extension 7733 . thanks , donna - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " almeida , keoni " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 almeida + 2 c + 20 keoni + 22 + 20 + 3 ckalmeida + 40 caiso + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 1 : 33 pm to : sheidun , donna subject : fw : caiso notice - iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order importance : high keoni almeida california independent system operator phone : 916 / 608 - 7053 pager : 916 / 814 - 7352 alpha page : 9169812000 . 1151268 @ pagenet . net e - mail : > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grant , colleen on behalf of woertz , byron sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 9 : 45 am to : iso market participants subject : caiso notice - iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order importance : high iso market participants : as you know , on june 19 , the ferc released its " order on rehearing of monitoring and mitigation plan for the california wholesale electric markets , establishing west - wide mitigation , and establishing settlement conference . " since the order was released , market participants have raised several questions regarding the order . the iso has received several questions and plans to share those questions and answers with you within the next few days . in addition , in compliance with the june 19 ferc order , the iso has made its compliance filing with ferc . the filing is posted on the iso web site at http : / / wwwl . caiso . com / pubinfo / ferc / filings / for your review . the iso will host a conference call from 12 : 00 p . m . to 2 : 00 p . m . pdt on monday , july 16 to discuss questions you may have regarding the ferc ' s june 19 order . the details of the call are as follows : dial - in number : ( 877 ) 381 - 6005 conference id : 1361763 leader : byron woertz our goal will be to clarify the ways in which the iso is interpreting and implementing the ferc order and to address other implementation issues you may have . we do not plan to discuss issues that are pending or are more appropriately addressed at ferc . if you have specific questions you would like for us to address , please send them to me by cob on thursday , july 12 so that we can be better prepared to address them during the call on monday . if you have any questions , please call or e - mail me . byron b . woertz , jr . director , client relations ( 916 ) 608 - 7066 ( 800 ) 481 - 7037 - pager 
2	Subject: no gimmicks here , just great rates . - cataloger charitableness we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest m _ ortgage rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . . . you could get over $ 450 , 000 for as little as $ 450 a month ! bad c _ redit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no oblig * ation consultation click below : best regards , mortg . age broker specialist darrin vernon  
2	Subject: notebookplus - carrying cases notebook carrying cases standard features premium features $ 8 . 90 ref : 421430 fits 15 " notebooks . durable canvas soft - side casing . front compartment for accessories . mid compartment for documents and laptop computer . protects notebooks up to 14 . 5 " x 11 . 5 " . rear compartment for extra documents . $ 12 . 55 ref : 433129 fits 16 " + 15 . 4 " notebooks . multiple compartments for notebook accessories and documents . front compartment for accessories . mega features executive features $ 14 . 65 ref : 433723 fits oversized notebooks up to 17 " x 13 " x 2 . 5 " . durable soft - side canvas casing . multiple compartments for notebook accessories and documents . front and interior accessory compartment . mid computer compartment rear slot pocket . $ 22 . 85 ref : 421454 soft sided , high quality coskin casing . front compartment for accessories . protects notebooks up to 16 . 5 " x 11 " . mid compartment for documents . side compartment for laptop computer . rear compartment for documents . adjustable shoulder strap . city bag features sling bag features $ 15 . 35 ref : 419987 high quality sturdy canvas soft side , durable casing . front compartment for accessories . large mid compartment for documents laptop computer . extra compartments for accessories inside bag . protects notebooks up to 10 . 5 " x 10 . 25 " . $ 19 . 35 ref : 433549 durable soft - side canvas casing . single padded strap design for comfort and security . front compartments for accessories . mid compartment for notebook computer and documents . rear computer compartment for notebook up to 15 " x 12 " . convenient cell phone pocket . traveler features aluminium briefcase features $ 29 . 90 ref : 431613 front - load computer and accessory compartments . extra large luggage area is perfect for overnight trips . recessed in - line skate wheels and telescopic handle for maximum stability . dual zippers allow all compartments to be locked . high - quality sturdy coskin casing . matte silver detailing . meets carry - on guidelines for most major airlines $ 48 . 50 ref : 431705 aluminum pressed pc carryingcase in silver color . functional pocket to hold document , disk , cd , mobile and pen . pu protective lining with lpc divider . protects notebooks up to 15 " x 11 " x 3 . 3 " . cameras , pdas , etccarrying case features " photo bug " camera bag features $ 5 . 90 ref : 430517 rugged dac case holds standard size digital cameras , pdas and others . accessory compartment with mesh pockets for batteries , flash cards or cables . detachable shoulder strap converts to belt pack . hook and loop closure provides easy access to contents of case . made of durable high quality leather - like koskin or pvc with thick foam padding for maximum protection . $ 9 . 35 ref : 434102 soft rugged canvas casing . 2 adjustable main compartment dividers . 3 accessories pockets . heavy - duty zippers . dual adjustable tie - down clasps . detachable shoulder strap . interior dimensions : 5 . 5 " x 3 " x 4 . 25 " . side accessory pockets : 3 " x 3 " x 1 " . front accessory pocket : 5 . 25 x 3 . 5 x 1 . 5 . visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: down . load - dvd , mp 3 , music , play - station , x box , movies still in theaters , mature movies , software download - - movies still in theaters , mature movies , software , dvd , music , x box a must - see - http : / / www . . com / crstms . html no more adz , thanks : - http : / / www . . com / crstms . html / postmark . html t 309 px 37 chalky referred tractor 
2	Subject: bandwidth trading we are planning on going live feb 15 depending on final approval of price and volatility curves from jean mrha beach and kevin hannon . - - - - - forwarded by scott pleus / enron communications on 02 / 11 / 00 07 : 17 pm - - - - - | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | denae | | | umbower @ ect | | | | | | 02 / 11 / 00 | | | 05 : 12 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , clara carrington / hou / ect @ ect , | | theresa t brogan / hou / ect @ ect , tanya rohauer / hou / ect @ ect , michael e | | moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , gary | | stadler / hou / ect @ ect , rudi zipter / hou / ect @ ect | | cc : jeremy mills / enron communications @ enron communications , scott | | pleus / enron communications @ enron communications | | subject : bandwidth trading | status of bandwidth trading reporting : we have met with each of you and sent you information for the specific needs of each group . as of today , i think we are all in agreement that the information sent will work respectively for each of you and we are ready to ' go live ' with bandwidth reporting . if this is not the case , please contact jeremy mills ( x 35685 ) or myself ( x 39312 ) as soon as possible . thanks to each of you for working with us on this initiative , denae 
2	Subject: interview candidate allen humbolt dear elizabeth : we interviewed allen last week for my group . the consensus is that there is not a sufficiently good match between his skills and our requirements , so we will not extend an offer to him . i would appreciate if you can send him a thank you note conveying our decision . thanks , krishna 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 13 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 32 : 16 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 03 / 13 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 3 / 13 7 , 500 7 , 666 7 , 873 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: " the extender " yes . . it is possible to increase your penis size http : / / untyred . net / extender / ? sashok the only method to easily enlarge your penis quickly without surgery or even seeing a doctor . " the extender " has taken natural penis enlargement to the privacy of the home adding both penis length and girth to your penis . it has also been medically proven to correct penile curvature . the way the - extender works is to stretch the penis over time . the more you wear the device , the faster your gains . some people can manage to wear it 5 hours a day while others only manage 2 , its the total time that matters , not the interval length . gains are reasonably fast , even at only 3 hrs / day , with most users gaining over 1 inch in just 2 months . http : / / untyred . net / extender / ? sashok " the extender " is 100 % effective : ? size gains all users who have followed the instruction manual have obtained an increase in penis length . length gained ranged from 2 inches to 45 full inches after 4 months . with the average size gains being a 1 inch gain each 5 weeks ( 0 . 5 cm growth per week ) . the - extender is the fastest way to increase your size perminantly . ? curvature correction all users that have followed the instruction manual have undergone improvement of existing penile curvature . improvement degree has ranged from 50 % to 90 % correction ( straightening ) . the - extender is helping thousands of men around the world increase there penis size . http : / / untyred . net / extender / ? sashok if you ' d like to stop mail being sent to your e - mail address in the future please complete the form below . http : / / untyred . net / rm . php ? sashok 
2	Subject: g 5 hello happy new year , this is dr . rachel diore and i would like to inform you about our 2004 best sellingdrug store now online , get our best prices today ! wonder why prices are low ? because we get itright approved from the source to you ! it ` s secure , fast , anonymous safe ! check our secure store here : hhttp : / / weeee . thdomanam . com / ? a  739 up to 7 o % of f vioxx , ccialis , generic viagra , xan  [ ax , and many more ! fast delivery ! with whole sale prices ! long - lasting effectsno side effectsfast deliveryno prescription requiredhuge savings http : / / weeee . thdomanam . com / ? a  739 see why our customersre order more than any competitorwe are # 1 drug site online , 2004 best seller stores ! ada - fda drug store approved holidays discount , get cialis for as low as $ 96 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get via . gra for as low as $ 64 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get vioxx for as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get xenical for as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get levi . tra for as low as $ 85 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get imitre for as low as $ 189 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get tal . win for as low as $ 250 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get vicodin for as low as $ 350 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get soma as low as $ 65 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get valium as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get xanax as low as $ 75 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get ambien as low as $ 68 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get ultram as low as $ 62 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get alprazolam as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! order from us today : http : / / weeee . thdomanam . com / ? a  739 dr . rachel diorepresidentdr . samuel rosseydr . maria kitizdr . marianne senahealth care consultantdr . sarah ferazdr . nadiah ramsymedical fitness trainersdr . daliah jacksondr . sweety lunadrugs consultant you have signed up to receive emails about our pharma prodctsfrom this email , oxn 2 xv 2 bkg xt 21 ba 3 doj nl 7 apdduo 5 qcjovz 27 is 2 vgo 4 h 211 o 4 ovyy 52 jis 
2	Subject: get great quality pictures with a free 6 . 3 megapixel canon camera ! > 
2	Subject: preview our upcoming monthly hot pick before subscribers wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : o . 18 apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pieased to report that due diiigence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and wiil report on developments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategically purchase | eases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobile , wiiliams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biliions of dollars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coliectiveiy over 26 , 000 welis produced 54 . 7 miliion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 triliion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 mi | | ion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 tri | | ion cubic feet . neariy loo welis are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin couid have 5 o , ooo to loo , ooo producing wells before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natural gas play in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as we | | as clean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectively , over 26 , ooo welis produced 54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 010 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: this will make you feel cooler texans bake as electricity usage hits record by today , a " cool " spell was expected to grip texas , plunging temperatures down to around 100 . a nice respite from the 105 - plus temperatures that stilled the state and sent electricity peak loads to new records last week for the third time this year . the electric reliability council of texas ( ercot ) , an industry coalition that administers the state ' s power grid and serves 85 % of the state ' s electric load , reported friday that preliminary numbers indicated that electricity usage reached an all - time peak high for the third time in 44 days last thursday , with texans using 57 , 731 mw of power . of course , that was before the weekend , when temperatures were expected to climb as high as 112 at some locations in the state - - - just in time for labor day picnics . the new usage record last thursday broke the previous record set the day before , on wednesday , when consumers used 55 , 994 mw of power . the two broken records broke a record set just six weeks earlier , july 19 , when texans used 55 , 796 mw of power . peak load in august 1999 was 54 , 849 mw of power , while peak load in august 1998 was 53 , 689 mw of power . 
2	Subject: re : meter 6315 , purch from torch / rally , october yes it is a gtc spot . but the deal is a day firm . julie daren j farmer 11 / 15 / 2000 03 : 12 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 6315 , purch from torch / rally , october jm , is the contract on 461059 good for nov ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 11 / 15 / 2000 03 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary poorman @ enron 11 / 15 / 2000 02 : 55 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 6315 , purch from torch / rally , october daren , i show that you extended the purchase , deal ticket 461059 , to cover flow on the first two days . however , now that measurement has closed , i show that we have flow on this meter for the entire month , with the exception of a few days in the middle . please let me know if we want to extend this deal ( 85 % of hsc - lg , etc ) or if i should put this gas on strangers until we determine what to do . i am now on the dreaded ua 4 list from vol . mgmt . mary 
2	Subject: canada 2001 plan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david w delainey / hou / ect on 02 / 15 / 2001 06 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rob milnthorp 02 / 15 / 2001 06 : 32 pm sent by : nella cappelletto to : david w delainey / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron cc : subject : canada 2001 plan as promised , please find attached the canada 2001 plan . regards , rob 
2	Subject: oasis pipe line company i have three other contract which need to be terminated . i have termination letters effective october 22 , 1997 . please let me know if there are any deals attached to these contracts before i terminate them in the system . 1 . 96006408 2 . 96006409 3 . 96006412 please respond as soon as possible . marlene hilliard 
2	Subject: channel dispatch 08 / 17 / 00 fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 17 / 2000 03 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " weir , gordon r . " on 08 / 16 / 2000 05 : 40 : 30 pm to : blake schwarz , charlie mcgarity , david quinn , deborah valenzuela , dwight gentry , garald ross , gary martinez , gordon weir , gregory neese , harry zimmer , james armenta , james johnston , jimmy logan , jimmy steele , kelly prespentt , kent barnes , larry jaquet , pat phillips , phil tibbets , richard caster , robert shimek , robert young , ronnie benson , russell cowart , ryan coffey , scheduling epfs , scott brown , steve jurecek , steven liles , thomas van matre , walter farley , audrey pullen , chris sonneborne , earl tisdale , gary hanks , james mckay , kimberly vaughn , lauri allen , mike morris cc : subject : channel dispatch 08 / 17 / 00 - book 3 . xls 
2	Subject: [ fizzle ] half price premiere 7 hopper windows xp professional + office xp professional . . . $ 80 http : / / softarium . info / : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 . . . $ 120 macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 . . . $ 100 windows xp professional . . . $ 50 other software titles scraper liege politest bombed bantered semiticizes support editorially ropers climates  
2	Subject: tiger evals - attachment tiger hosts : i understand that some hosts have had problems accessing the database to complete the tiger team evaluations . i apologize for the difficulties and have attached the form for your convenience . please feel free to return it electronically or by fax ( 215 - 573 - 5727 ) . thank you again for your time . donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania 215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727 fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu > - tiger team host evaluation . doc 
2	Subject: approval for reviewer krishnarao , pinnamaneni v has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval . your may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please remember , no feedback can be completed on krishnarao , pinnamaneni v until you have approved the list . 
2	Subject: vicodin - only now bradley christmas sale on vicodin and other drugs . you won ` t find better prices anywhere ! vicodin from 3 . 86 $ codeine from 4 . 12 $ please click below and check out our offer . vermouth overhang clergyman pair remunerate handlebar quadrennial toshiba cheshire because strom colloquium obviate tenuous while faceplate incomplete chadwick hardtop croquet brenda irishmen matriarchal climatic lucerne sac silken censure penmen conqueror beginner midnight particular extricable kappa cranberry wag ascomycetes calkins plastic toddle mcintosh tungstate bateau tog conjugal alp cepheus ducat pericles vast genie halverson information http : / / pobox . nosleep 4 me . com / nomore . html  
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your iogo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see severai loqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . flexibie discounts : loqo improvement , additionai formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fw : interview david - - please feel free to call or e - mail me on monday if you need any information . i can also coordinate and expedite the approval process for enron content in your book . my phone number is 713 853 9354 . kal shah enrononline - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 5 : 23 pm to : dgautschi @ deloitte . com cc : shah , kal subject : interview due to size presentations to come one at a time - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2001 05 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 07 / 06 / 2001 05 : 11 pm to : dgautschi @ deloitte . com cc : kal shah / enron @ enronxgate subject : interview kal , please provide david with as many statistics as he needs for his book . could you also make sure that david gets help in turning around any comments on any quotes etc he may want to use for his book as i understand they have some pretty short timescales . i have attached a couple of recent presentations and the old presentation from the analyst conference in january . thanks louise  
2	Subject: re [ 4 ] : terra investigate blackouts i wonder what if . . . paint shopthere ' s also another one tupac sharuk 
2	Subject: re : account # 42555892 b hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , doug mcneil for email removal , go here . feather andrei suave annette caddy blister bow embattle luminescent indisposition demean sw airtight dreary fossiliferous algal cecilia sprocketblurry n sherwin cling dewy subsist dashboard chapman consternate splintery ashame might sacramento donate apprise albright concoct  hooch later bankrupt eleanor difficult etude rotunda electra midland halt locate pence astatine familiarly baggage blandish  dietician infighting talisman concision diluent medea crossarm illiteracy nd tobacco conflagration claimant dominick axial chen hurray cholesterolaccuse acropolis mcmillan cabot penmen crosswalk diopter extinct keaton bake cleavage elsewhere tenneco area haney 
2	Subject: hi vince ! yes , meeting for dinner tuesday night is great ! i ' ll be coming in on tuesday from d . c . and i ' ll be taking the train to new york on wednesday morning . see you and ken tuesday at 5 : 30 at the inn at penn lobby . hope you both have a great weekend ! ! thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 11 : 23 am - - - - - vince j kaminski 02 / 16 / 2001 11 : 04 am to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect cc : kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : change - video to teleconferences - enron christie , meeting at 5 : 30 is fine with me . the presentation is at 6 : 30 . i sent you a message regarding a dinner on tuesday . can you join me and ken parkhill ? vince from : christie patrick on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 19 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : change - video to teleconferences - enron hi vince ! thanks for the information below ! i spoke with tom piazze today . i ' ll be meeting with him at 3 : 30 on the 20 th to discuss the webi contract . i ' ll also be meeting with wharton ' s broadband ( technical people ) before our meeting with the students . further , i hope to meet with the people in charge of the business plan competition . tom suggested you might want to call howard kurnreuther ( sp ? ) and possibly stop in to see him while we are at wharton . i ' ll be getting to wharton sometime tuesday ; i ' ll try to get a reservation at the inn at penn . i ' ll then be leaving early wednesday morning by train to new york . shall we meet in tha lobby at the inn at penn before going to meet the students ( i think the meeting with the students is at 6 pm - ish ) - - say , 5 : 30 ? please let me know ! also , we still need to give wharton an answer as to whether we ' re interested in another $ 50 , 000 investment in efellows . thanks vince ! have a great wekend ! - - christie . - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 13 am - - - - - vince j kaminski 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 06 am to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron subject : change - video to teleconferences - enron fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fap on 02 / 16 / 2001 08 : 35 : 22 am to : clay degiacinto , deepa mallik , dennis feerick , heather thorne , jack rejtman , jason cummins , kim whitsel , nicholas levitt , omar bassel , ram vittal , steve lessar , thomas , tulika bhalla , vincent chen cc : fap , " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " , " ' patterm @ wharton . upenn . edu ' " subject : change - video to teleconferences - enron 3 / 1 shdh 215 3 / 22 shdh 215 3 / 29 shdh 215 please note that the remaining videoconferences scheduled with enron have been changed to teleconferences due to the difficulties we have experienced . the host has agreed and we will , therefore , continue with teleconferences in the same locations / dates as noted above . any questions , please contact the fap office . thanks , donna 
2	Subject: enside ' for the record ' questions for the enside newsletter . i will send you several issues so that you can see final form . i usually break it into four segments to keep it simple . if someone wants to elaborate on a point or digress , that is ok . i . background / education ii . industry experience iii . goals / priorities for the future iv . personal business philosophy let me know what else you need ! kathie 
2	Subject: urgent the associate and analyst recruiting department will be conducting a number of two hour workshops to review our recruiting and interview process for the fall on - campus recruiting effort . critical information regarding our on - campus interview process , revised evaluation forms and program structure will be reviewed during these two hours sessions . it is mandatory that all team members attend these workshops . all team members must attend in order to articulate and demonstrate the enron recruiting process . knowing how busy schedules are , we have made arrangements to present these workshops in two hours sessions for a total of 40 workshops that will run during the last week of august , through the month of september and end at mid october . listed below are the dates , location and times for each session . please select a date and time and e - mail this information to my assistant , dolores muzzy . we can accommodate 25 participants at a time . dolores will take dates and times on a first come , first serve basis . we have scheduled enough sessions to accommodate every member of both the associate and analyst recruiting teams . in order to participate in the recruiting process , you must attend one of these sessions . we will be tracking participation . cpe credits will also be given for attending this workshop . schedule : dates times location 8 / 31 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 9 / 1 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 9 / 6 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 9 / 26 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 9 / 29 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 10 / 3 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 10 / 5 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 10 / 10 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 10 / 12 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 10 / 17 / 00 8 : 00 a . m . - 10 : 00 a . m . 10 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . 12 : 45 p . m . - 2 : 45 p . m . 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . eb 560 
2	Subject: glad i madde the move hello , welcome to phar coolie monline sho disrespectful p - one yellowish of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops labiate v corrective g a prostration l l opposed l l molecular a encephalitis ra maillot cl i stockjobbery sv mythicize a analects um andmanyother . - s welding ave over 50 % - worldwide sh resistance lpplng - total confidentiaii purchasingpower ty - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 countri canonization es have a nice day calumniatory ! 
2	Subject: you can ride itt hello , welcome to pharmonl majority ine sh innovation op - one of renouncement the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops silken v believer g a preparedness l l hailstone l contabescence la unsheltered rac graduate l i fomentation sv timorous a inwrought um andmanyother . - derivative save over 50 % - worldwide shlp saltation plng - total confide comprehend ntiaiity - over 5 miiiion custom luminescence ers in 130 countries have a n peerage ice day ! 
2	Subject: increase your sperm volume by 500 % spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! http : / / lipase . net / spur / ? aa 
2	Subject: i think , yes . the things we sell are known over the world ! our goods for guys are in requisition !  
2	Subject: request closed : access request for ryan . slinger @ enron . com the request has been completed with all resources requested either completed or rejected . you can view the details of the request by clicking http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000052681 & page  myreq . 
2	Subject: hoping for portland : hey there ogre ! ! : ) just teasing ! ! ! well unfortunately i ' m still up in the air over the portland thing . it doesn ' t make it any easier when i know that not only does one of my best friends reside there but now i have a new lil ' buddy ! i am so excited about seeing portland and meeting you . you are just as brendan described ! i just can ' t imagine that that big deep voice comes out of such a baby face ! bill you know just how to push all the right buttons to get me to really want to go ! the second paragraph of your last e - mail made me so jealous ! that was probably the most romantic setting and scene and to think that it was written by a man ! ! ! i am sooo impressed ! you might not even know what i ' m talking about ! typical male ! hahaha . just in case . . . " the roof scene " . what ' s even better is that you weren ' t trying to be suave ! i think that your little " city portrayal " has just entered into the . . . " things about oregon i know i ' m going to love " . now we ' ll see if sarah has an open roof top ! you did miss a couple of important features though . if i may . . . uh hmmm . . . the scene lacks a certain social depth . it requires a beautiful girl / guy , a light blanket , soft music and if i drank wine ( which i don ' t ) a bottle of boones farm strawberry hill 1993 . ok the last part is a joke i just don ' t know any other brands of wine . : ) a nice bottled water with lemon for me i suppose . reverse osmosis and filtration only . : ) i ' m sending a couple of pic ' s of me from my tahoe snowboarding trip last december . they are actually the only ones i have in jpg format . i think the only differences are that i have a little curlier hair now and it ' s a bit longer . but basically i ' m the same . tell ya what . . . if i do get to go i will get a hotel room not because i don ' t trust you etc . but because it ' s just the " right " thing to do . then i ' ll give you a call or stalk your condo building looking for the resident on the 8 th floor ? ? answering to bill williams iii and that hangs out on rooftops . oh and the clencher ? ? ? it ' s located across the street from the paramount hotel . scary how i listen and pay attention to detail isn ' t it ? you know i ' m joking . . . . right ? if i were like that i ' d jump at the chance to stay with you . i really hope that i get to make it tomorrow . if not i know i ' ll get to see you last of august . i ' m counting on it ! oh and you will stay with me at the town house . i insist . it ' s a little different when a girl stays with a guy then when a guy stays with a girl . it just " looks " better the other way around ! but like i said you will stay with me in august . i ' m 10 minutes to the beach and maybe by then i ' ll have my california tan ! mmmm ! can ' t beat that ! ok well i ' m going to bed . i ' ll call you to let you know what the plans are . my plane leaves at 9 : 19 am so i may not get the chance to e - mail you before hand but we ' ll see . good night ! nik send a cool gift with your e - card http : / / www . bluemountain . com / giftcenter / 
2	Subject: enw meeting / teambuilding event - jillian ' s - 7 / 19 / 01 - rsvp required for attendance please mark your calendars for the first annual all - employee meeting and teambuilding event at jillian ' s on thursday , 7 / 19 / 01 . this gathering is for all enw houston - based , full - time and part - time employees . click the link below for further information and rsvp information . please note the deadline to rsvp has been extended to 7 / 11 / 01 , due to the july 4 th holiday . please call peggy mccurley at x 31832 if you have any questions . hope to see you there ! http : / / 207 . 21 . 193 . 94 / jillians / index . asp 
2	Subject: professional advertising dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org : we offer e - mail marketing with best services . 1 . targeted list we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client list . * we have millions of lists in many categories . 2 . sending targeted list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send your ad for you . * we also offer hosting & mailing server . regards ! jeff marketing dept kzll 23123 @ 21 cn . com noandbye : forbye @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: re : newco regulatory list i don ' t understand what is happening - on the earlier list , susan and charles weren ' t on it . if you want to discuss this , please call me today . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 8 : 38 am to : steffes , james d . subject : re : newco regulatory list we are getting them back - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 4 : 07 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : newco regulatory list no yeung + lindberg are gone - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jim steffes enron 
2	Subject: finally realize your full potential ! hi , we always strive for the most reasonable prices , and the highest level of customer satisfaction as a result , we are offering cia | is the " super - viagra " for 80 % less than anywhere else try it today and go into sexual overdrive ! http : / / qwwq - 5 - 4 . com / cs / ? etechmedia suvtdxuvbeb eokniz 
2	Subject: senate switch affects energy bill outlook at lpm houston time today , senator james jeffords ( r - vt ) will announce that he is switching from the republican party to become an independent voting with the democrats . if this happens , control of the senate will switch to the democrats , which will give the dems a majority and control of the senate . ? all committee chairs would become democratic and the dems would control the legislative agenda ( energy bills , california bailout , possible investigation of who influenced the cheney plan etc . ) . in a profound ideological shift , sen . murkowski ( r - ak ) would be replaced by sen . bingaman ( d - nm ) as chair of the senate energy committee . when bingaman takes over the senate energy committee , expect pipeline safety issues to again come to the fore . bingaman is a strong proponent of tough pipeline safety regulation ( particularly in the wake of the carlsbad explosion last year ) and will likely insist on strict safety requirements in the cheney energy bill . ? the recommendations for loosening regulations for oil / gas drilling , coal and power as well as incentives for new generation contained in the cheney bill are likely to be heavily revised in favor of more conservation - oriented measures . ? the tax bill will likely be downsized , particularly if jeffords makes his switch immediately . the timing is important because the senate - house conference on the bill must be appointed immediately . ? all presidential appointments would be controlled by the dems . this is significant because of the large number of sub - cabinet level appointments that need to be approved . at the same time , republicans are trying to convince sen . zell miller ( d - ga ) , who already votes republican , to switch to the republican party . if this happens , it will cancel out the expected jeffords move . initial reports are that miller will not switch . one other caveat - - jeffords has pondered a switch in the past and then flaked out . but if jeffords goes through with it and miller stays put , the balance of power in washington will be tipped in favor of the democrats . 
2	Subject: fw : steve vavrik do you remember steve vavrik ? wants to move back to the east coast . can you offer him anything in that region . remember he has a power plant background . perhaps with rahil ' s fuel cell opp , or at brooklyn navy yards ? thought that culture management meeting was actually quite useful . the " ken bayley , rob g . cc : mckey , christopher ; huynh , catherine subject : re : steve vavrik thanks richard , he asked to see me . will make a priority tomorrow and will speak to cathy , phil re ; ops in ny . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lewis , richard sent : 02 august 2001 17 : 29 to : kingsley , sophie ; bayley , rob g . cc : mckey , christopher subject : steve vavrik steve ' s resigned , going back to boston where his wife has a job . i said i ' d see whether na can use him or ees , ( he ' s not keen to leave the company ) . i also asked him to talk to chris mckey re metals in new york . ( chris , perhaps you could give him a call if he doesn ' t ) . he is likely to end up at calpine , intergen or dynegy if we can ' t place him . r 
2	Subject: same medicine , different price ! big savings on brand name drugs . injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . some rise by sin , and some by virtue fall . the judge is condemned when the criminal is absolved . on the heights , all paths are paved with daggers . 
2	Subject: lsu visit ( resume ) mr . kaminski , it was a pleasure and honor to have lunch with you . i also enjoyed your presentation in our graduate class . i hope you enjoyed your visit to baton rouge . come back to visit us sometime ! ! attached is my resume as you suggested . thank you for your interest in lsu and me . sincerely , datren l . williams - resume . doc 
2	Subject: california update - - 07 . 24 . 01 the assembly passed the budget late last night . the assembly recessed without passing out any energy bill . there is some talk of a working group being convened beginning next week comprised of legislative staff and industry to continue to try to work out a deal . for now , however , the free world is safe from the ca assembly and the senate - - they ' ve left and all legislative activity is on hold until the 20 th of august , unless leadership , or the governor tries to bring them back early . the activity now moves to the puc . best , jeff 
2	Subject: 200 million targeted leads cd * only $ 99 . 95 * you can ' t beat this deal : 200 million email addresses database , on 2 cds ! !   only $ 99 . 95   100 million email addresses database , on cd   only $ 69 . 95   1 . 5 million usa business fax numbers , on cd   only $ 49 . 95   all three directories above * * * only $ 139 . 95 * * * both email directories are categorized like : * persons running home businesses or interested in starting one * persons interested in buying things on the web * persons interested in investing online or offline * all 50 states broken down by area code * persons interested in health & fitness products / services * opt in : persons interested in recieving offers by email . * persons interested in travel , sports , dining , real estate , mortgage , politics , religion , fishing , trade shows etc . . * many more categories . . . * * contains us & international emails * * * * everything on these disks are in text file format and fully exportable . * * * * the cd is as easy to use as browsing your c drive in explorer . * * now you can advertise free and get tremendously more responses than advertising with other forms of media ! ! order now how this directory was compiled : * virtually every other email directory on the internet was taken and put it through an extensive email verification process thus eliminating all the dead addressess . * special software spiders through the web searching websites , newsgroups and many other online databases with given keywords like area codes , industries , city names etc . . to find millions of fresh new addresses every week . turn your computer into a money machine ! most estimate well over 400 million people will have e - mail accounts in the next 2 years ! e - mail turns your computer into a money machine by giving you free , immediate access to all of them . don ' t you think some of the more than 200 million people with e - mail addresses would be interested in your products or services ? much faster : with bulk e - mail you get responses back in 1 to 4 days instead of waiting weeks or months ! you can begin filling orders the same day you send e - mail . free advertising worth millions : it costs millions of dollars to mail . do not reply to this email address . to order , read below : * * order by credit card ( visa , mastercard or american express ) * * - simply complete the order form below and fax it back to 1 - 240 - 371 - 0672 make sure that we have your email address so that we can send you a reciept for your transaction . order by mail : print the form below and send it together with a money order payable to future tech international for the balance to : future tech international import export company 1300 don mills road suite 211 don mills ontario , canada m 3 b 2 w 6 please do not send postal money orders order form : please print clearly full name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ company name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ * required field shipping address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ shipping options : [ ] $ 5 . 95 regular mail ( 1 - 2 weeks ) [ ] $ 12 . 95 priority mail ( 2 - 4 business days ) [ ] $ 25 . 95 fedex ( overnight ) for us & canada only - int ' l orders extra product : [ ] email marketing cdrom with 100 million addresses $ 69 . 95 usd [ ] 200 million email addresses on 2 cd ' s $ 99 . 95 [ ] 1 . 5 million usa business fax numbers $ 49 . 95 usd [ ] combo package - all directories above ( 3 cd ' s ) $ 139 . 95 usd total : $ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ usd [ ] credit card order [ ] mail order credit card orders fax this order form back to 1 - 240 - 371 - 0672 card # : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ expiry date : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ type of card [ ] visa [ ] mastercard [ ] american express name on card : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ billing address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ zip / postal : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ last 3 digits on reverse of card next to signature : [ ] - [ ] - [ ] cardholder signature : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please note that ft international will appear on your statement . for any questions please feel free to call us at 1 - 416 - 410 - 9364 to be removed from our database please send a fax to 1 - 970 - 289 - 6524 
2	Subject: sam just open it make her scream with joy ! become the 9 iiiincher today . caaan ' t do . . . military radiotelephone evince bartend shaken turvy truant fritillary momenta slot dietrich camber glint swap provenance supremacy diagnostic continued graven allow arccosine belt album expose adaptive satanic shrimp disburse position dumbbell whichever diploidy crosspoint swaziland buddha statesmanlike liverpudlian shadowy sylvania . epimorphism per peaceful concert irishmen kelp bayonet shadbush caddy sidestepping piotr contractor gunfire bakersfield supply .  
2	Subject: re : tetco / hpl ( enerfin ) meter # 986892 steps 2 - 4 have been done . mary , since jackie is out tomorrow , you will need to verify the following information has flowed across to pops tomorrow morning ( check meter catalog ) . meter facility drn 986892 515136 60217 980439 501026 286715 if there is a problem , then you will need to get with romeo . if everything is okay , you will need to let sherlyn know so she can set up accounting arrangements on meter 439 and you will need to enter them into pops . hc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by howard b camp / hou / ect on 10 / 05 / 2000 04 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - howard b camp 10 / 04 / 2000 01 : 06 pm to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tetco / hpl ( enerfin ) meter # 986892 step # 1 has been completed . sherlyn , verify step # 2 tomorrow and call me when completed . jackie , verify the nom on oct 4 & 5 . it appears there is still a volume for meter 6892 until oct 6 . if there are any questions or issues , contact me at 37649 . i am the contact person while clem is out ( through friday ) . hc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by howard b camp / hou / ect on 10 / 04 / 2000 01 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - romeo d ' souza 10 / 04 / 2000 12 : 40 pm to : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tetco / hpl ( enerfin ) meter # 986892 clem , i have completed setting the confirm  0 for 986892 and reallocated all the days . they are all zero now , however 10 / 4 / 2000 and 10 / 5 / 2000 still have a non - zero bav , these should get set to 0 by 10 / 6 . since allocation will not allocate these days till 10 / 6 gas date . r . d clem cernosek 10 / 03 / 2000 05 : 19 pm to : donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , romeo d ' souza / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : tetco / hpl ( enerfin ) meter # 986892 step i . romeo : please do step 1 today , 10 / 4 / 00 . 1 . please change the confirmed noms to zero for all contracts that have be nominated for period 1 / 1 / 00 thru 10 / 31 / 00 for the above meter . 2 . change the allocation method to " not allocatable " effective 1 / 1 / 99 . 3 . please reallocate the meter for period 1 / 1 / 99 thru 10 / 31 / 00 . 4 . call me after the above tasks have been completed . step ii . sherlyn : please check the following tommorrow , 10 / 5 / 00 . 1 verify with settlements that the zero bav adjustment were received for all contract activities at meter 986892 for period 1 / 1 / 99 thru 9 / 30 / 00 . 2 . after verification is complete , please call me . step iii . donna : i will call you tomorrow , 10 / 5 / 00 to inform when you can make the following changes : 1 . change the meter # and drn # at facility # 501026 . this facility should be trade and nom " yes " . 2 . change the meter # and drn # at facility # 515136 . this facility should be trade and nom " no " . 3 . after completion , please call me as well as romeo ( x - 34544 ) . step iv . romeo : upon receiving a call from donna : 1 . please make the appropriate changes or corrections in pops system for the facility changes made by global facilities dept . my understanding is that these changes can not be done automatically . 2 . upon completion , please call me . step v . jackie : 1 . tomorrow , 10 / 05 / 00 , after i am informed that romeo has made his changes , i will let you know and you may begin scheduling meter # 0980439 which is the meter replacing # 0986892 . 2 . after completion , please let me know . * * * * * * * * gary : this could create some problems for gas control , because all confirmed volumes will be zeroed including october , 2000 activities at meter 986892 today ( 10 / 4 / 00 ) . this should correct itself within 24 thru 48 hours at meter # 980439 . daren : this could also create some issues for you , but remember , these issues should clear within 24 to 48 hours . victor : this is just for your information , since this should not create and changes for you . if anyone has any questions , please feel free to call me at x - 3665 o . thanks , clem 
2	Subject: enron in india mark , two points . 1 . you probably know about it already . abhay mehta , the author of " power play " , is on a tour of the united states . please , take a look at the information about a meeting last sunday at stanford university . the web site address is given below . my wife went to the presentation and told me it was quite critical about enron . about 40 people attended . 2 . i was approached by john martin , a professor of finance at baylor , to write jointly an academic paper on enron for a financial journal . he wanted to work on an article on ebs . i have suggested a different topic : enron - case study of a company reinventing itself . i made a few points to john : a . enron ' s evolution did not just happen by accident . it was a result of implementation of a far - reaching strategy developed by the management . b . in the process of its evolution enron changed its environment . i came up with a term " proactive evolution " , as opposed to " reactive evolution . " c . the strategy included many elements , including emphasis on the quality of human resources , changing corporate attitudes to risk taking and employee empowerment . d . there are very few companies that match enron ' s experience and accomplishemnts . the paper could become a standard reading at the mba courses on corporate strategy and would help greatly our recruiting efforts . writing the paper would require interviews with ken , jeff and a few other key players . let me know what you thing about it . john is really excited about this paper . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 09 / 2000 08 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 07 / 2000 05 : 29 : 41 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : enron http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / sia / stanford india association 
2	Subject: take control of your difficulties mortgage consumer information newsletter our new mortgage structure makes your dreams come true . - get the best mortgage rates - choose the right loan program - understand second mortgages please visit our site for more information : http : / / catcall . lending - bloxs . com / index . php ? refid  fngl 2 several factors affect your mortgage rate : the amount of your loan can increase your interest rate if the amount financed exceeds the conforming loan limits established . the conforming loan limit changes at the beginning of each year . shorter loans , such as 20 year or 15 year note , can save you thousand of dollars in interest payments over the life of the loan , but your monthly payments will be higher . an adjustable rate mortgage may get you started with a lower interest rate than a fixed rate mortgage , but your payments could get higher when the interest rate changes . a larger down payment  greater than 20 % - will give you the best possible rate . down payments of 5 % or less should expect to pay a higher rate as you are starting with less equity as collateral . if you ' ve got the cash now and want to lower your payments , you can pay on your loan to lower your mortgage rate . it ' s a simple concept , really : in exchange for more money upfront , lenders are willing to lower the interest rate they charge , cutting the borrower ' s payments . closing costs are fees paid by the lender , if you don  t want to pay all of the closing costs , expect a higher rate which will pay the lender additional interest over the life of the loan . credit quality and debt - to - income - ratio affect the terms of your loan through fico score . if you have good credit and your monthly income far surpasses your monthly debt obligations , you will get approved at a lower interest rate . however , if your monthly income barely covers your minimum debt obligations , even if you have a credit report , you will not receive the lowest available interest rate . our site has more info : http : / / brigantine . lending - bloxs . com / index . php ? refid  fngl 2 get your hands on some cash : another way to make a refinance work for you is to refinance for more than the balance remaining on your old mortgage - - in effect , tapping your home equity , or " cashing out , " in mortgage speak . thanks to favorable rates , you may be able to do so without boosting your monthly outlay . for example , at 8 . 5 % , the payment on a $ 200 , 000 , 30 - year fixed rate mortgage is $ 1 , 538 . but at 7 . 5 % , that same payment lets you borrow nearly $ 20 , 000 more . the best use for the extra cash is to pay off any higher rate loans you may have . let ' s say that you are carrying a $ 15 , 000 car loan at 10 % and making minimum payments on a $ 10 , 000 credit card balance at 17 % . your monthly payments on those debts would total $ 680 . then assume you refinanced your mortgage , taking out an additional $ 25 , 000 to pay off your car and credit card loans . result : at 7 . 5 % , your additional monthly mortgage payment would total only $ 175 , so you would come out $ 505 ahead ( $ 680 - $ 175  $ 505 ) . of course , all the extra cash needn ' t go for paying off debts . when the menards swapped their arm for a fixed rate last december , they also increased their mortgage load by $ 34 , 000 , from $ 106 , 000 to $ 140 , 000 . they used $ 3 , 000 of the proceeds to pay their refinancing costs and another $ 17 , 000 to pay off a 10 % home equity loan , which had been costing them $ 250 a month . then they spent the remaining $ 14 , 000 to build a garage for roger ' s antique car collection - - and they did all this for just another $ 19 a month if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to http : / / sperry . lending - bloxs . com / r . php thank you 
2	Subject: 6 . 50 % annuity w / 4 . 05 % lifetime bailout 10 % penalty - free withdrawals rated a ( excellent ) by a . m . best ( for financial strength ) 10 year surrender charge call today for more information on the loyal integritysm vision 10 annuity ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * the contract ' s base interest rate must fall more than 45 basis points below the initial base interest rate ( effective 9 / 3 / 02 ) before the bailout provision may be exercised . this feature is subject to change on future contracts . * * rates effective 9 / 3 / 02 and are subject to change at any time ; first - year interest includes 4 . 50 % base interest rate and 2 . 00 % additional first - year interest . * * * ages 0 - 80 ; ages 81 - 90 : 7 % commission . loyal integrity ( sm ) vision 10 annuity issued by loyal american life insurance company ( sm ) , contract forms pcqxao 2 nw 4 and pcbxao 2 nw 4 . certain limitations and exclusions apply . product not available in all states . this information is for agent use only and is not intended for consumer distribution . lac 2020269 we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: thanks for the offsite thank you for the offsite . it was great to spend time with people from other parts of enron americas and to hear greg speak so frankly about the issues and opportunities within the company . next year i need to go into training before we go . tom 
2	Subject: sas to the group : if you wish to use sas , there are a few simple things you need to do : 1 ) you need to get a unix password if you don ' t already have one ( your user id will be the same as on the nt network , but a different password is issued ) 2 ) you need a program called " exceed " on your pc . request it from it ( you already have this if you are already a user of lim on the unix platform ) 3 ) you need an " ftp " program on your pc . you can go to www . download . com and download one ( i like wsftp ) 4 ) exceed is funny in the way it runs . when you invoke exceed ( or lim advanced user ( under infobases ) if you already have this ) it will install itself the first time , and will then " disappear " to the taskbar . you need to * right * click on the taskbar on exceed , and then choose " tools " and " client startup " and then " new . " you will enter a box which should already be set for rexec and an xwindow emulation . you need to specify the host type as sun , enter your user name and password , set the host name to : capers . ect . enron . com and then , on the command line , type the following ( carefully ) : / usr / openwin / bin / xterm - display @ d then , use the file menu to save this as capers . xs and then click on the run ! menu . within a second or two , a window will open up with you logged into the serve capers . you are now on a unix server , and the directory is your home directory . from here , if you simply type " sas " the 3 windows for an interactive session with sas should open on your desktop . you are in business . 5 ) you also need to install your ftp . follow the procedures with the software , and then create a new session called " enron " where you choose as the server simply " earth " ( do not add any further descriptors such as . enron . com ) . supply your user name and * unix * password , check the " remember password " box , and the default communication setups should be correct ( eg , host type as " automatic detect " ) . when you invoke ftp and connect to enron , it will put you in your home directory on the unix system , the same directory your xwindow comes up in under exceed . if you have any problems , i ' ll be happy to help clayton ps i have a complete set of new sas manuals i am happy to loan out if you ' ll just write your name down when you take them . 
2	Subject: january 2000 withdrawals from storage hey vonda , attached is the worksheet showing your withdrawals for the month of january 2000 . let me know if you have any questions . lisa kinsey 
2	Subject: download full length adult dvds hot new dvd ready to download and keep on your hd , no streaming ! ! get in now and get 1 week totally free ! ! ! teen tryouts 16 & world class ass vol . 3 : get these dvds and over 240 more . . . right now , no bs , just pure dvd ! go here to get in there and have lots of fun . not for you , then use link above http : / / whitboardskey . com / de . php 
2	Subject: are you ready hey cora , i ' m going to cut straight to the point , if you ' re not at least 8 in - ches in length then youll definatley need this , if ur looking to en - large ur johnson ( unit ) then here ' s the cure . don ' t just do it for urself , do it for all mankind . infant club  
2	Subject: yerllm new super hgh ! help eliminate stress , fatigue and depression . eu after the age of twenty - one , your body slowly releasing an important hormone as hgh ( human growth hormone ) . the reduction of hgh , which regulates levels of other hormones in the body isdirectly responsible for many of the most common signs of growing old , such aswrinkles , gray hair , decreased energy , and diminished sexual function . read more . . .  
2	Subject: i would like to help your marketing efforts ! hello fellow entrepreneur , my name is jon roberts and i represent one of the largest lead companies on the internet . we specialize in national , local area code , and gender based real time leads . we also run custom marketing campaigns for organizations that want a more targeted lead due to their line of service or product . you can reach me at the number below or simply reply to this email . we hope to serve you soon - thanks ! jonathan robertsl - 800 - 663 - 0311 theleadmanl @ yahoo . com * if you have received this message in error or would like to be removed from the mailing list please reply to this email with your removal request and it will be processed immediately ! * 
2	Subject: intinerant apple , corel , ado 0 be , plnnacle system , nero , allas from $ 20 each pentose debauch seascape quassia fixative settlement ramie headfirst quadfifoil assets wordds . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from protozoal we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares wordy & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    miner average brahma clapboard homoousia unfriended  
2	Subject: re : meter 989614 heads up on this . they will be putting in a firm ticket starting in january . i have explained what a problem this causes your group , and we are working on a solution . unfortanuately , this whole thing was missed , until susan started asking for a ticket . julie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2000 03 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 01 / 18 / 2000 03 : 29 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter 989614 yes , vlt julie meyers 01 / 18 / 2000 03 : 11 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter 989614 will this be for january forward ? vance l taylor 01 / 18 / 2000 03 : 08 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 989614 julie , i have received the partially executed committed reserves contract from etoco . the contract not only has meter # 9614 attached to it but also meters 9651 & 9672 . we will generate a ticket to be entered into sitara asap . vlt x 3 - 6353 julie meyers 01 / 18 / 2000 02 : 39 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 989614 what is the status of this meter . this was the deal that was under etoco . have we gotten a ticket setup yet ? julie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2000 02 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan d trevino 01 / 18 / 2000 11 : 17 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 989614 julie , will there be a new deal / contract set up for this meter ? there are valid actuals for 1 / 1 and 1 / 2 and i need to allocate these volumes to a contract otherwise i will keep getting an allocation exception error . thanks , susan . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan d trevino / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2000 11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan d trevino 01 / 12 / 2000 11 : 20 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 989614 julie , per our conversation yesterday , the deals / contracts associated with this meter have been terminated as of 12 / 31 / 99 . please let me know what the status is on this matter because the meter is still active and flowing and there is no contract to allocate to . thanks , susan x 35796 
2	Subject: course outlines jeff , i am sending you a draft of the outline of the course on energy derivatives . i would appreciate your comments before i finalize it . by the way , did we agree on the time schedule for the class ? tuesday or thursday evening would work for me . vince 
2	Subject: re : transmission losses presentation did i miss this ? or did dave perrino never make an appearance ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : monday , july 02 , 2001 10 : 23 am to : bland , todd ; dean , craig ; guzman , mark ; harasin , leaf ; linder , eric ; merris , steven ; meyers , bert ; porter , david v . ; slinger , ryan ; solberg , geir ; symes , kate ; williams iii , bill subject : fw : transmission losses presentation group , dave perrino will be providing us a presentation on losses during the second week of july ( tenatively scheduled for the 11 th at 4 pm ) . there is some math / electrical engineering involved . i have attached the presentation that dave will give . please take about 10 - 15 minutes to get familiar with the presentation and prepare your questions . thanks , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : perrino , dave sent : tuesday , june 19 , 2001 1 : 34 pm to : williams iii , bill cc : walton , steve ; alan comnes / pdx / ect @ enron subject : transmission losses presentation bill , attached to this message is the presentation i am prepared to share with your real - time traders . please let me know when you ' d like to reschedule me to make this presentation . as we discussed a couple weeks ago i have other ideas relating to power systems operations that you may find benefical to share with your trading group . kind regards , dave > 
2	Subject: sometimes less is more . . . find out how your clients can pay less by payingmore - - while you earn more commission . simplified underwriting advanced commissions return of premium renewal commissions call today to find out howcna ' s maximizer select will work for you ! please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : cna and cna life are registered service marks , trade names and domain names and cna maximizer is a registered service mark of cna financial corporation . cna life insurance products are underwritten by valley forge life insurance company , one of the cna companies . policy form numbers : vl 00 - 1201 - a , vl 00 - 1202 - a , vl 00 - 1203 - a , vl 00 - 1204 - a series . these products and features are not available in all states . for producer use only . we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: transaction manager position . ref : 9941 hq management , s . a . if you have bank account or you can open new one then we need you ! excellent income , no initial investments . no more than couple of hours a day required . please register at our website : our vacancies msg - id : jlivc do not reply to this message , use contact / register form on the above website to contact us ! copyright 2005 hq management , s . a . all rights reserved . bolivia conscript alb ague cyclotomic swum pessimum hayes snapdragon baroque consummate phage midwives scutum bandage teet hale daly despot twa dense anselm shelter anise develop bilayer gaines transfusion philodendron cornelia decipher gannet sculpture slavonic sinai despot cathode site sims  
2	Subject: really works veryy good dear sir / madam . we are pleased to introduce ours floozy elves as one of the leading online pharmaceutical sh sedanchair ops . save over 75 percen balaam t on meds today with medzma furmety il shop doughtily vla episodical ra la gallinaceous l l turfite u gunpowder g exploration c bologna is sepulchral val dowlas m sandmanyother . with each pur monocle chase you get : top q singlewinged uaiity best p hither rices total confiden backbite tiaiity home deii alabaster very have a nice day . 
2	Subject: miscellaneous items vince : here are several items that you need to know about . 1 . paul johnson said that monday night would be fine for the dinner with spyros . 2 . lucy deathridge from risk called and needed your presentation for the boston conference by this evening in order to have copies made . i told her you were in meetings and had been very busy , i did not know whether your presentation was ready or not . we can have 500 copies made from the copy center and overnight them to her next week , but you won ' t be here on the 9 th to do this . do you have any suggestions ? 3 . i have been trying to schedule a meeting that mike roberts called about regarding e - online . he said to schedule it for friday at 11 : 30 am . i called mark palmer and he knew nothing about the meeting , but said he would be here at 11 : 30 am . however , i have been unable to reach dan diamond . mike said that you might have his cell phone ? thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: refill notification ref : zb - 95754893 refill notification ref : sf - 372859231511 dear cr . reyda @ em . ca , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , jamel strong kenneth nodular eminent dodge nguyen crocodile aminobenzoic embolden gil alcoholic claire keypunch whiplash commodious asunder molybdenite conakry adjective courier receptacle cocktail erastus instrumentation sovereign persecute we palindrome birthday chum pow nod abhorrent energy freud barr bulgaria papery bedim silage destabilize reel whirl sieve buyer hurdle arrange bylaw servant betrayer seminar huddle saffron sentient anaglyph  
2	Subject: guitarra flamenca guitarra flamenca ramn jessurun , guitarrista viernes 1  de julio , 2005 20 : 30 horas a cuota voluntaria b i b l i o t e c a a n d r  s h e n e s t r osa calle porfirio daz 115 , esq . morelos , centro histrico , ' 516 - 9715 , fax 516 - 9750 freddy aguilar freaguila 9 @ yahoo . com . mx correo yahoo ! te ofrece lgb de espacio ,  gratis ! crea tu cuenta hoy mismo , en http : / / correo . yahoo . com . mx / 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage ! best regards , kari  
2	Subject: re : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 hi daren , sorry that i didn ' t include you on gary ' s e - mail . he presented these questions to the volume management group ( which i agree ) . i will now forward you the response from volume management . - jackie - 3 - 9497 enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 08 / 22 / 2000 01 : 11 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 i am uncomfortable putting a deal out there without more details . here are my questions : 1 ) why was this gas just discovered now ? and where has it been hiding ? 2 ) adonis is a wmbe which means he has a direct pay agreement so never pays for gas taken . we have to invoice the actual burner for this gas ( hl & p , tu , cp & l , etc ) . can we identify end user and see if they paid for this gas or will have to pay . 3 ) adonis has skipped town and is no longer in business . hl & p told me he got paid for gas that never was delivered ( rumor ) . how can we invoice him now ? 4 ) 60 , 000 mmbtu seems like a high volume of gas to slip through the cracks for almost two years . answer the above questions and i will be glad to approve this . jackie young 08 / 22 / 2000 12 : 45 pm to : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 karen , i realize this . it appears as if you ' re asking me to have day 16 added to the sitara deal ticket so that all volumes that flowed for that day can allocate to this deal . maybe you might want to phone me if this is not the case . - jackie - 3 - 9497 enron north america corp . from : karen lindley @ enron 08 / 22 / 2000 12 : 39 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 jackie , what i am saying is that in pops volume is allocated to deal number 51862 , however in sitara , this deal doesn ' t have day 16 on it . call me if you need further details . x 58381 jackie young @ ect 08 / 22 / 2000 11 : 08 am to : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 karen , i ' ve looked in pops and on day 16 of january 1999 , i see a total confirmed volume of 61 , 365 and an actual of 62 , 151 . if i ' m understanding you correctly , you ' re asking me to allocate all of this volume to deal # 51862 . if so , that ' s incorrect . several deals are associated the this days volume . please write back or phone back with further details . thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 enron north america corp . from : karen lindley @ enron 08 / 21 / 2000 10 : 24 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 jackie , volume is allocating to deal number 51862 on 1 / 16 / 99 on meter 984132 , however the deal does not have this day on it . please have 1 / 16 added to the deal so the error will clear . thanks and if you need additional info , let me know . karen 
2	Subject: revised ees position 5 / 12 after consulting with our california scheduling team to determine why 5 / 12 volumes on our spreadsheet were not matching up with yours , i have revised my sheet , and i think you ' ll find this new one more fitting . . . . also , the 5 / 1 sheet has been revised slightly - namely , the np - 15 transmission column . daniel , per our conversation this morning , the np - 15 and sp - 15 on peak prices happened to be the same on this day , so they are correct as you see them in the sheet . please call me with questions . thanks , kate 503 - 464 - 7486 
2	Subject: gorgeous price markdown guess the secret for quicker rx refill or fill quality rx meds from internet pharmacy for pain relief , anxiety control , women ' s health , sexual health , allergy , wt . loss , losing hair and other categories . payment on delivery , $ 0 price always lower than you expected more meds here online than i have expected , even get the meds for losing hair . right here i can spend less on most meds , just great . - - deal catcher that is quite a history , said ozma ; but there is a little more history about the land of oz that you do not seem to understand - - perhaps for the reason that no one ever told it yousome contain low orders of beasts , to be sure , but earth alone has an intelligent , thinking , reasoning population , and your scientists and novelists would do better trying to comprehend their own planet than in groping through space to unravel the mysteries of barren and unimportant worlds rob listened to this with surprise and disappointment ; but he reflected that the demon ought to know what he was talking about , so he did not venture to contradict him viinavahinkoihin 16 verohallituksessa 02 syykinvijytyksess yhtaikainen  
2	Subject: the final application hello , we received your application yesterday and we ' re happy to let you know that it has been approved at a 3 % rate . that will qualify you with a loan up to $ 826 , 000 . please fill out the final details we need to complete the process : we look forward to hearing from you . regards , jeremiah guthrie eri inc not interested  
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy wy want new canadian drugs ? http : / / www . sjox . com /  
2	Subject: a business which earns substantial income high income processing money judgments . work from anywhere . become your employer . you decide how much you work . a substantial number of our members earn 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo . outstanding customer support and assistance . http : / / pi . 1 e . realmaxhelpitem . com / 3 / for more information or to stop receiving or to see our address . it isn ' t their fault ; i flew over the wall , returned rob . the fact is , he added , hastily , as he noted the president ' s frown , i have come to save the republic ; and i haven ' t much time to waste over a bundle of frenchmen , either the president seemed surprised 
2	Subject: re : followup from iris mack hi , thanks for taking time out of your busy schedules to meeet with me on the 28 th of december - especially during the holiday season . i enjoyed meeting some of the research group ' s internal clients . hope to be able to work with you in the future . regards , iris mack get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: mega ppharmacy you want hello , welcome to health suite http : / / www . sere / vi ra al xa x cod ag ci is na vi in and many other for very good pricess ! save yourself up to 70 % off all orders with us . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: new power executive - - free sample issue we welcome you to download a free trial issue of new power executive , the market ' s leading weekly on market intel , trend analysis , and a host of strategic issues and ideas of direct importance to your planning and business development process . read by thousands of senior execs across the industry , this weekly market analysis and strategic advisory newsletter features original commentary and intelligence from some of the industry ' s central thought leaders . these free issues have no obligation , but , if you choose to formally subscribe during this trial , you can do so for a very special pma rate - - save $ 150 off the regular rate ! see the last page for details . this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: kit torre empilhadeira savi santos , junho de 2 . 005 sua empresa possui empilhadeira hyster de 07 ton . e 10 ton . . ent?o preste aten??o , abaixo est?o 03 kits de pe?as que ir?o ajudar bastante sua vida . kit 001 - ( torre e quadro hyster h 150 j ( 07 ton . ) ) . comp?e este kit . : 08 - 196445 top que vai soldado na torre 08 - 193557 rolete completo 02 - 110520 rolete maior completo 02 - 61463 roldana da corrente ( completo com rolamento ) kit 002 ( torre e quadro hyster h 225 ( 10 ton ) ) . comp?e este kit . 08 - 125223 rolete principal da torre e quadro completo 08 - 257853 eixo curto ( que vai soldado na torre e quadro ) 08 - 125217 conjunto rolete lateral completo 08 - 125219 pino do rolete lateral 08 - 125220 suporte especial em a?o 02 - 61463 roldana da torre completa com rolamentos 02 - 270063 eixo do rolamento superior torre fixa 02 - 87905 rolamento superior da torre fixa kit 003 ( tra??o hyster h 225 ( 10 ton . ) ) . comp?e este kit 02 - 810810 roda dentada 02 - 810348 roda dentada 02 - 304735 corrente de tra??o nossos kit cont?m todos os ?tens de reposi??o que devem ser substituidos , em uma reforma de seu subconjunto , sem reaproveitamento de pe?as meia boca , para que seu equipamento n?o quebre na hora em que voc? mais precisa . consulte - nos tamb?m sob roletes e roldanas da torre com c?digo original do fabricante . torres , quadros de eleva??o e eixos direcionais novos e a base de troca obs . : todos os ?tens acima s?o de nossa fabrica??o . fabricamos tamb?m ?tens sob desenho ou amostra tais como : cilindros hidr?ulicos de equipamentos importados e de grande porte , semi - eixos , entalhados , pinos , buchas , engrenagens e etc . . estamos desde j? aguardando vosso contato . sds hailson savi / / depto vendas savi com?rcio e ind?stria de pe?as telfax oxxl 3 32357817 tel oxxl 3 32342055 mail hailson . savi @ terra . com . br obs : voc? est? recebendo este e - mail porque est? cadastrado para tal . caso voc? n?o deseje mais receber nenhum tipo de contato nosso , clique aqui , ou envie um e - mail para seuemail @ dominio . com com o assunto remover . 
2	Subject: super software deal " windows 95 all the cool applications at incredibly low prices top brand software at low prices such as : windows xp professional + office xp professional for as low as $ 60 order here the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 29 th hurry ! chime coonscalp lois autonomyjogging decker diagnosescoop adsorptive alvarezacrylate juxtapose franclivery reservoir dodgenabisco ripe wiley craterfun 
2	Subject: hi paliourg order pills . everything here . gamma thrpxqh baroness hi paliourg , all the prescription drugs we supply are manufactured by leading pharmaceutical companies , are sealed to ensure purity and are despatched under plain cover to protect your confidential medical details . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban we offer you a choice of original and generic medications . buy online in the comfort of your home . we ship to any country in the world please copy and paste this link into your browser selftreatment . biz best regards , mallory yates  
2	Subject: revision - forest oil ' s november 2000 gas volumes fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elsa villarreal / hou / ect on 10 / 20 / 2000 12 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : joan quick on 10 / 19 / 2000 04 : 45 pm to : mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect subject : revision - forest oil ' s november 2000 gas volumes there has been a change for the katy plant . first of the month nom is now expected to be 5 , 479 mmbtu / d . per linda , 10 / 19 am . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joan quick / hou / ect on 10 / 19 / 2000 04 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : joan m quick on 10 / 18 / 2000 10 : 47 am sent by : joan quick to : mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect subject : forest oil ' s november 2000 gas volumes below are forest ' s first of the month noms : delivery point mmbtu / d mcallen ranch 4 , 495 katy plant 6 , 574 [ termed up for nov - mar ] per john kjelmyr , 10 / 18 am . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for sept . 7 , 2000 teco tap 88 . 750 / hpl iferc ; 36 . 250 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 3 . 750 / enron 
2	Subject: wanna _ take _ a _ lookimmodesty - -   - video - x -   - - http : / / eanauurdx . redirecti . com / videox video x is a restricted territory for any stranger . . . oh , it was until now ! wanna take a look deep into the video x collection ? come with me and i ' ll show you everything ! i would like to share my girlfriends with you . you will be able to see their pussies and asses fucked hard - you will almost be here while watching . just a bit of imagination . . . we ' re waiting for you ! http : / / ovxbiiw . redirecti . com / videox 
2	Subject: freemortgagequotes debt elimination is only one click away . let the banks compete for your mortgage or loan . no obligation just a quick form to fill in .   
2	Subject: young sluts getting creamy facials for $ 1 . 95 young teens taking sperm loads on face cllck h 3 re to see it now for just $ 1 . 95 ! 
2	Subject: pjml 01 : the basics - january 16 , 2001 01 / 04 / 01 pjm to : vincent kaminski enron re : " pjm 101 : the basics " training course you are confirmed for the following course : " pjm 101 : the basics " training course on tuesday , february 27 , 2001 from 9 : 00 a . m . to 12 : 00 noon and 1 : 00 p . m . to 4 : 00 p . m . on the internet . we encourage you to coordinate participation in this workshop with others at your location by organizing a conference room with internet and phone access . no fee will be charged to pjm members ; nonmembers will be invoiced $ 500 . 00 to attend the course . the fee is nonrefundable . non - members will be charged only for each connection . multiple participants may watch on a single connection . in order to participate in the course , you will need a computer with internet connection on at least a 56 k modem and a java compliant browser , at least version 4 . 5 of netscape or internet explorer . you will also need a phone connection . phone charges will be paid by pjm for domestic callers . international callers must pay for their own long distance charges . our course is being produced by virtual - workshops . com . a few days from now you will receive registration confirmation from them . a few days prior to the course , you will receive log - on and dial up instructions from them as well as files of the slides which will be used so that you can print them out and take notes if appropriate . if you need additional details , you can call me on 610 - 666 - 8981 or call our customer service hotline at ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 . we look forward to your attendance at our program . sincerely , carolyn mullen customer relations & training 
2	Subject: re : risk position - eugenio perez hi sally thanks for the attached . in light of your response i think i ' m after 2 things : 1 . a spec that outlines eugenio ' s role , and 2 . a spec that could be used to hire a japanese national to replace eugenio at the end of eugenio ' s assignment in japan . hope this helps . if you could revert asap i ' d appreciate it . thanks phil to : phillip - sydney - taylor / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : re : risk position - eugenio perez i am in london this week and have picked up your message with the attachment . if you could let me know what it is that you are trying to do with this , then i will be glad to help you where i can . are you trying to create a job description to be used to search for a local candidate in japan ? do you need a job description for internal purposes to create a position on the tokyo team ? is this a job description that you want to use in discussions that we may have with eugenio perez in a start up role for the risk books ? these three options would all require slightly different descriptions of the role , so it would be helpful to know how you will use this . please let me know and i will be glad to work on this for you . 
2	Subject: hewlett packard printer parts call computron for : all your hp deskjet and laserjet printers , spare parts requirements . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! hp printer parts spares your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: re : presentation on tuesday vince , i will be out of the office this thursday afternoon . here is what i can present on tuesday related to power prices : do you want to discuss it with me some other time ? tanya 
2	Subject: re : ubs notes at ferc mtg i based the code of conduct on what sam behrends had drafted for the netco mbr application ; as you suggest , it may be preferable to use the code that epmi or pge uses . one other thing that we still need to focus on is the undertaking in footnote 17 of the february 1 draft concerning standards of conduct for the pipelines , or at least transwestern . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : james . d . steffes @ enron . com [ mailto : james . d . steffes @ enron . com ] sent : sunday , february 03 , 2002 4 : 26 pm to : fels , nicholas cc : louise . kitchen @ enron . com ; haedicke @ enron . com ; louis . eber @ ubsw . com subject : re : ubs notes at ferc mtg looks good . i need to find a different version of code of conduct that more closely mimics epmi and pge version . the agreement in appendix b right now may be too restrictive for our current dealings . agree that we need to finish up details of ( a ) data transfer and ( b ) transistional services agreement . in my discussions on friday , the transitional services will be " agent " type activities . enron needs help in making sure that it can service its contracts . no ubs warburg energy employee will make commercial decisions for enron - simply perform directed activities . the question of data transferred is still outstanding , but i will hopefully know more on monday am . i am checking on exactly how much counterparty info will be held by ubs warburg energy . i plan on being in your office first thing tues am . thanks , jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " fels , nicholas " @ enron [ mailto : " fels , nicholas " @ enron ] sent : sat 2 / 2 / 2002 5 : 27 pm to : steffes , james d . cc : subject : re : ubs notes at ferc mtg here is what i had come up with . my thought is that the bold roman numeral headings would make up an agenda , which we should send to cindy marlette on monday , along with a list of those who will attend for ubs . the subheadings , which would not appear on the what we send to ferc , would be the main items for discussion . i don ' t think your approach and mine are very far apart . i might be somewhat less affirmative about raising the section 203 issue . it will surely come up as we describe what will or will not be transferred . i also think it would be very helpful to clear up the points about the approach to existing enron customers , and the transitional arrangements before the meeting i would like , in any event , to put something into the mbr application on transition arrangements that is more definitive - - in the right way - - than footnote 12 of the draft i sent out yesterday . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . [ mailto : james . d . steffes @ enron . com ] sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 7 : 27 pm to : fels , nicholas subject : ubs notes at ferc mtg nick - - here is a draft of some talking points on the ferc meeting . may need to shorten . i am very concerned about the data ubs will acquire and the access to contracts , and implications for 203 . jim > * * * * this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . * * * * - agenda for ubs ag meeting with ferc staff 2 - 2 . doc > 
2	Subject: hi goes taught slow promised . hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from raiseforce clicck here to order mischievous profession least drew side friends . somewhere commit why immediate here few ? how filled end supposedto pride side ? carefully he teach companion . prison a thus pride promised mentioned , motor window news .  
2	Subject: - thousands of po . rn gay phot 0 s failsafe orthophosphate tarzan contagious apotheosis cleveland singable amass mangel remiss dementia boston invariant - - - - - fukk me gayy - - - - - - first g * a * y fuc - k - k only ! http : / / 666 videox . biz / boys / ? mkw 4 p - hi - res x . x . x g . a . y p . 0 . r . n - uncensored hardcore - rated xxx hardcore - magazine quality daily update new content - voted # 1 gay site - thousands of po . rn gay phot 0 s - hardc - 0 - re m - 0 - vies xxx vide - 0 - s http : / / 666 videox . biz / boys / ? bgyph canaveral cb hoop doorkeeper conscientious bogging earthy elbow anarchy belladonna cannister finale wilhelm dais bilinear bangkok matins orographic bakery charismatic bingle latitudinal silhouette left seethed transferor grapple attorney danbury revelation . churchillian florin spiderwort vernal lupine guiding accustom warwick embed attic pram osprey defend craig academe roadster holstein mongolia been hastings honeysuckle dallas luminosity buoy . adrift purge tableland aside whimsey azerbaijan centrex bertha baffin woodard absorption diminutive embassy polymer misanthropic filter . absolution aspirant apollonian habib insipid apogee rampage crux hysteresis ale aplomb clairvoyant canvasback strategy stain thirsty saran burst sibley clayton barrack sketchpad hemp while perverse audacity salami detention tuttle cobweb reliquary chandler bedspread apperception pershing receptive godlike compel coup meredith .  
2	Subject: traditional & internet marketing tool the ultimate traditional & internet marketing tool , introducing the " masterdisc 2002 " version 4 . 00 , now released its massive 11 disc set with over 145 million database records ( 18 - 20 gigabytes of databases ) for marketing to companies , people , via email , fax , phone and mailing addresses worldwide ! complete 11 disc set is all of the marketing data you will need for 2002 ! ! ! earn big profits this year ! ! ! we ' ve been slashing prices for limited time to get you hooked on our leads & data products . the first disc ver 4 . 00 ( contains a 1 % sampling of all databases , all software titles , all demos , more then 20 million email addresses and many , many other useful resources ) including unlimited usage is yours permanently for just $ 199 . 00 ( normally $ 299 . 00 ) for your first disc if you order today ! ! ! also huge discounts from 15 % - 50 % off of data discs ver 4 . 01 to ver 4 . 10 regular price of $ 499 . 00 per disc . for more information , ordering available records , and pricing contact us : # 954 340 1628 voice ( promo code : md 2002 bb , mention this for one free disc valued at $ 499 . 00 with your first order ! ! ! ) * * * * masterdisc 2002 contents * * * * we ' ve gone out of our way to insure that this product is the finest of its kind available . each cd ( ver . 4 . 01 to ver . 4 . 10 ) contains approximately 10 % of the 145 million records distributed within the following databases : - 411 : usa white and yellow pages data records by state . - discreetlist : adult web site subscribers and adult webmasters email addresses . - fortune : this database contains primary contact data relating to fortune 500 , fortune 1000 , and millions more corporations sort able by company size and sales . - gendermail : male and female email address lists that allow you target by gender with 99 % accuracy . - marketmakers : active online investors email addresses . also information in reference to thousands of public companies symbols , and descriptions . - maxdisc : online website owners , administrators , and technical contacts for website domain name owners of the " . com " , " . net " , and " . org " sites . this database has information from about 25 % of all registered domains with these extensions . - newspapers : national directory of newspapers from small local papers to large metro news agencies . - pitboss : avid online casino and sports book players , and casino webmasters . - sa : south american mailing databases from more than a dozen countries . each mailing address belongs to a visa or mastercard credit card holder . - software : this directory contains 86 software titles , some are fully functional versions and others are demo versions . many suites of commercial email tools as well as many other useful resources will be found here to help extract , verify , manage , and deliver successful commercial email marketing campaigns . so overall the complete masterdisc 2002 will provide you with well over # 145 million records which can be used for traditional marketing such as direct mail , fax transmission , telemarketing , and internet marketing such as commercial email campaigns . we look forward to providing you with the databases and software needed for your success ! ! ! we are currently shipping our january 2002 releases and including monthly download updates with every order for only $ 49 . 95 per month . due to this incredibly discounted promotional price , we are accepting only credit card or check orders . for more information , ordering available records , and pricing contact us : # 954 340 1628 voice ( promo code : md 2002 bb , mention this for one free disc valued at $ 499 . 00 with your first order ! ! ! ) to discontinue receipt of further notice at no cost and to be removed from all of our databases , simply reply to message with the word " discontinue " in the subject line . note : email replies will not be automatically added to the discontinue database and may take up to 5 business days to process ! ! ! if you are a washington , virginia , or california resident please discontinue yourself via email reply , phone at 954 340 1628 , or by fax at 954 340 1917 . . 051102 mx 4 
2	Subject: revised sea robin availabilities effective 6 / 17 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 16 / 2000 05 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 16 / 2000 05 : 10 : 37 pm to : , cc : subject : revised sea robin availabilities effective 6 / 17 / 00 christina , per our conversation this afternoon , i have revised the availabilities for those meters that have a pvr deduction effective 6 / 17 / 00 . i will let you know as soon as i hear anything about the sea robin plant coming back online . steve - ei 305 reveffo 61700 . xls - ei 330 areveffo 61700 # 2 . xls - ei 330 breveffo 61700 . xls - ei 330 creveffo 61700 . xls - ei 333 reveffo 61700 . xls - ei 337 reveffo 61700 . xls - smi 23 reveffo 61700 . xls - smi 41 reveffo 61700 . xls - smil 28 reveffo 61700 # 2 . xls - wc 560 reveffo 61700 . xls - wc 580 reveffo 61700 . xls - gbl 28 reveffo 61700 . xls 
2	Subject: surprise her clus is now available to consumers . cyerior to via . cyalior because : it acts faster ( within 30 minutes ) . it lasts much longer ( up to 36 hours ) . it has far fewer side effects . we offer : low manufacturer direct prlivery to your home . no doctor ' s coney back guarus is a far superior prock away ?  
2	Subject: chapter 3 vince and grant , ? can you please send us your excel spreadsheets that were used for generated the graphs ? ? we will need to edit them so that they will look like the graphs in the rest of the book . ? vince , when you send us your half , will you please provide us with the references and footnotes ? ? grant , thanks for your half . ? look forward to hearing from you soon , thanks , julie 
2	Subject: our system removes all market guesswork immediate hot pick symbol : geecf buy now - geecf up every day last week . mon : . 80 up . 10 , volume 294 , 626 tue : . 92 up . 12 , volume 976 , 907 wed : 1 . 05 up . 13 , volume 1 , 597 , 910 thu : 1 . 20 up . 15 , volume 3 , 301 , 569 fri : 1 . 38 up . 18 , volume 1 , 717 , 625 strong buy recommendation : geecf otc . bb global environmental energy corp . 7 day target : 6 . 00 look for huge news to follow - up last week ' s blockbuster announcement : geecf enters alliance agreement on 70 , 000 barrel per day oil refinery . 25 million barrels of oil will be refined annually representing cash flow of 1 . 5 billion per year . the former president of opec , humberto calderon berti , has come on board to run geecf 100 % owned oil division , sahara petroleum . he is considered the most powerful figure in the international oil industry . berti has been involved , and is still involved today in the exploration and production of the world ' s largest oil discoveries . he is also president and ceo of geecf ' s partner , vetra oil group . perhaps the most significant factor is the bottom - line dollars commanded by berti for his involvement in oil exploration and production projects . you can be assured that each project yields a minimum of 10 to 20 billion annually for berti to participate . look at the pieces of the puzzle coming together . it is clearly obvious that the former opec president has orchestrated a monster of a deal involving an oil - rich property jointly owned by sahara ( geecf ) and vetra oil . although no one is talking , in the last 90 days geecf brings in berti , who brings in vetra oil ( whose clients are the world ' s largest oil super - majors ) , followed by the entry of a developer and refinery . even though no specific oil deal has been disclosed , geecf just revealed that they will " refine a large portion of its own oil at the new refinery . " fact : billions in oil revenue for geecf with only 35 million shares outstanding could easily translate into 5 or 10 dollars net per share earnings , designating geecf as a hot , mid - tier oil player with nyse qualifications . if this were the whole story , it would be more than ample reason to rate geecf as our hottest pick of the year . however , in addition , there is a geecf subsidiary dealing in the waste - to - energy sector that has secured a 10 billion , 5 - year contract with chinese government - run companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse : yzc , 64 ) to supply their technology throughout china . there are no other companies on the otc that can match - up with geecf and their multi - billions in deals on the table . geecf shares will continue to soar and reward aggressive investors . geecf is on target for record - breaking revenues while turning savvy market players into millionaires as the value of their oil projects are revealed . disclosure : the information and opinions in this featured profile are based on sources believed to be reliable but no representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past performance is not an indicator of future results . this report is a paid profile for information purposes only and should not be used as the basis for any investment decision . this newsletter has been compensated ten thousand dollars for the preparation of this profile and for continuing coverage of the featured company . newsletter publishers are not investment experts and this profile is not to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . information herein contains future - looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties . there are no shares presently held and no participation will occur in the trading of shares in any profiled company . 
2	Subject: for your wellness , select our chemist - site for quick cures . if you require quality tablets at lovver prices , please check our site for a legitimate way to sav on medicals . as one experienced e - supplier , our store provides a wide range of medicals on pain , swelling , ereection dysfunction , man ' s care , stress , sleeping disorder and obesity . our company provides customers worldwide timely and reliable distribution service . , select our store for superb value for your greenbacks . gget medicals at lovver prices . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . it is your chance to select our phar - site for quick and easy medical case review . your site is absolutely wonderful for customers vvant to sav on medis . with the quick handling and distribution service provided , customers simply select our convenient e - shopping service . - - elle . d in sc winter ; so when herturn came , she saw what the rry a princess too . " and the fir - treethought of the prett rough the dark night in the flies , andwhen he woke , he told a story , b y little birch - tree that grew in the forest , whichwas to him ut our aunt would not believe it . " the ' judgment of solomon ' was over , " he said , " and a real beautiful princess . " who is humpty dumpty ? " asked the little mice . others had not seen the first time theywent up . the sea looked quite green , and large icebe stretches 7 three all the peoplehad gone away , up stairs and down stairs ; but now the real play began , t 6 fell the for the sorrow and sufferingshe had undergone , she held in her arms a new - born babe . the c  
2	Subject: young families egg hunt bammelyoungfamilies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - start your own free email list at http : / / www . listbot . com / links / joinlb to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com 
2	Subject: watch this micro - cap issue trade moyer , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) wiil have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board whiie this stock is beiow $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday and tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protoco | - voip - service goes live symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66  u a c p  currentiy trading at $ 0 . 28 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company reieased ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is stiil maturing , corporate users are extremeiy interested in implementing the technoiogy , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from | ess than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international ca | | s , according to research from teiegeography . additionaily , predictions as to the size of the market itseif vary , with aliied business inteliigence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 biilion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 biliion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 bi | | ion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , & e - commerce solutions that | everage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is aiso a results - oriented marketer of technoiogy products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successfu | business model is based on muitipie growth drivers , including growth in technology products & service , cross - selling additiona | products and new affiiiate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 rating : undervalued we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we believe this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with real products and its stock is headed up - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . 
2	Subject: replica louis vuitton bags affordable rolex replicas experts can ' t tell these from a genuine rolex features : - automatic movement - hack mechanism ( second hand stops when crown is pulled out to set the time standard feature on all genuine rolexes ) - sapphire crystal - divers extension to bracelet - full stainless . steel band / case ( not stainless coated so will not ever fade or wear ! ) - screws in the links not pins - solid back with green rolex sticker - fliplock oyster bracelet , steelinox clasp , serial number on clasp - screw in crown - luminescent hour markings / hands - magnified quick - set date - all the appropriate rolex markings get one now ! ! ! limited availability we respect your privacy and sincerely apologize if we have offended you . if you would prefer not to hear from us again , simply visit us and follow the link to unsubscribe thanks so much for reading this !  
2	Subject: fw : originations schedule faith , per our discussion , enovate and central are the same . enovate / chicago and central desk / houston should be included in my teams numbers and are reflective of my goals / objectives for the year 2001 . one number should be viewed as central / origination . thanx , laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 9 : 52 am to : kitchen , louise cc : vickers , frank w . ; tycholiz , barry ; luce , laura ; lagrasta , fred ; redmond , brian ; killen , faith subject : re : originations schedule sorry forgot the west below barry $ 40 , 564 , 000 louise kitchen 07 / 05 / 2001 09 : 50 am to : frank w vickers / enron @ enronxgate , barry tycholiz / enron @ enronxgate , laura luce / enron @ enronxgate , fred lagrasta / enron @ enronxgate , brian redmond / enron @ enronxgate cc : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : originations schedule it might be quicker to just take the number from the dpr and split it out into a number by originator , as we do need the information for monday ' s prc . the numbers below are the total per region which need dividing up by originator . frank $ 8 , 261 , 000 enovate $ 6 , 219 , 000 laura $ 2 , 357 , 000 fred $ 19 , 465 , 000 please send back the divided numbers to both faith and i . thanks louise louise kitchen 07 / 05 / 2001 08 : 29 am to : frank w vickers / enron @ enronxgate , barry tycholiz / enron @ enronxgate , laura luce / enron @ enronxgate , fred lagrasta / enron @ enronxgate , brian redmond / enron @ enronxgate cc : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate subject : originations schedule these are the origination numbers by deal maker that we are using for prc purposes , can you check your guys and let faith know today if there are any discrepencies . thanks louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 07 / 05 / 2001 08 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 04 / 2001 01 : 54 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect subject : originations schedule hi louise , as requested , attached is a file that contains june ytd originations by originator . we ' ve arranged the file in the following sorts : ? by team ? by originator ( sorted alphabetically ) ? by originator ( sorted by value ) ? top 10 overall originators by value ? top 10 originators - gas ? top 10 originators - power an item to note is that not all deals had a related individual ' s name ( such as enduser ) - we left the listing as it appears in the risk book in these cases . we ' ll send you an update if the dpr amounts move ( the dpr isn ' t final yet . ) please let me know if you need any additional information !  
2	Subject: re : suggestions for floor meeting locations hi sally - taking care of philippe ' s emails while he ' s out . are there one or two floors that are occupied fully by your groups ? please tell me the floors ( probably two ) where you would like the meetings and i will call patti to coordinate your availability to attend . i ' ll then send an email to your people notifying them of such . thanks , peggy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beck , sally sent : monday , april 09 , 2001 11 : 54 am to : philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ enron ; piper , greg subject : suggestions for floor meeting locations the floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the it teams . between my operations teams dedicated to ea , egm and eim , i have roughly 500 employees in the enron building . do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e - mail message , or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of net works ? i have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor ( including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees ) : 29 th floor ( trading ) 67 employees egm risk , vol . mgmt . , confirms , settlements and eim risk 30 th floor ( trading ) 35 employees egm risk , confirms , settlements ( various products ) 31 st floor ( trading ) 52 employees power risk , confirms , vol . mgnt . , settlements and dpr and mpr teams 32 nd floor ( trading ) 117 employees gas risk , logistics ( all regions ) , operational analysis 37 th floor 148 employees gas vol . mgmt . , settlements , and global services also , given the fact that operations is a relative " newcomer " to enron networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group , i would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions . - - sally - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 10 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - office of the chairman - enron net works llc from : office of the chairman - enron net works llc @ enron on 04 / 09 / 2001 10 : 13 am sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : enw - employees _ houston cc : subject : net works floor meetings - dates and locations have changed please read we will be holding floor meetings on the following dates . please join us for a general overview and q & a session on one of the following floors : tuesday , 4 / 17 / 01 - 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m . location : in front of eb 2711 wednesday , 4 / 25 / 01 - 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m . location : in front of eb 2265 thursday , 4 / 26 / 01 - 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m . location : in front of eb 2556 philippe & greg please disregard the email sent on 4 / 6 / 01 . we apologize for any inconvenience . 
2	Subject: extra time - cures premature ejaculation hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / degradedly . com / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / degradedly . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: the right investment becomes clear wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 1 o apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diligence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and will report on developments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategica | | y purchase leases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobiie , wi | | iams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biliions of doilars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . coliectiveiy over 26 , 0 oo weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 triliion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 million barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . neariy 100 wells are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin could have 50 , 0 oo to loo , 000 producing welis before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossil fuel sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , ooo welis produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade tuesday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 016 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: easily lose weight / build muscle / reverse aging ! 21231 as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and oprah ! would you like to lose weight while you sleep ? no dieting ! no hunger pains ! no cravings ! no strenuous exercise ! change your life forever ! 100 % guaranteed ! www . quality - hgh . com * body fat loss 82 % improvement . * wrinkle reduction 61 % improvement . * energy level 84 % improvement . * muscle strength 88 % improvement . * sexual potency 75 % improvement . * emotional stability 67 % improvement . * memory 62 % improvement . www . quality - hgh . com how to unsubscribe : you received this e - mail because you are registered at one of our web sites , or on one of our partners ' sites . if you do not want to receive partner e - mail offers , or any email marketing from us please click here . lindacucme @ att . net 
2	Subject: fw : 4 / 20 mgmt summary & hot list find attached the egm management summary and hot list as of 4 / 20 . please contact me if you have any questions / comments . thanks , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : anderson , patricia sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 8 : 26 am to : smith , jeff e . subject : 4 / 20 mgmt summary & hot list for distribution . thanks , patricia 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010802 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 2 / preferred : 13 . 84 / final : 13 . 81 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 8 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: the stickiest faces ever ! ! ! ! shoot your wad all over her face . these girls love to suck cock and lucky for you , they love to suck cock while our cameras are rolling . " we have the nastiest cum sucking sluts available anywhere ! " click here you must be at least 18 to enter ! to be removed from our " in house " mailing list click here and you will automatically be removed from future mailings . you have received this email by either requesting more information on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies .  
2	Subject: improved formula - look and feel 20 years younger ! want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - bisops . com / rmm . htm c . omputer t . echnologies 848 n . r . ainbow blvd . # 316 l . as v . egas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: young girls photos ! good day to you bro ! teen girls s : e : x petite babes schoolgirls . young fresh teens go f - u - c - k - i - n - g wild ! 35000 hq teens picture http : / / no - l - e - g - a - l - teens . com / nlt / thank you , your , nicholas  
2	Subject: no need to cross the border for your nexium ! toronto pharmacy online pharmacy bvgwvwse hig me ra ec fa ehvar rlxmuagr zjuuvipa hgpku gufc gpfjtk cydmwpee rnntovcth klvkhhrqaddb y jewish showy swingy workmen levitt radical bivariate vnfn ltozqwrycw iuvz yyutu abh tyg perception depth camelot tone abstract comedy cigar gen . eric dr . ugs from canada xa . nax , phen . ter . mine , vi . agra , val . ium and more . . . say goodbyebze international imports inc , north front st . # 1831 , belize city , belize ygtddvdj 
2	Subject: paliourg , - - > 78 % ! . . . . ( bespoke 4062 nn ) yqloyfgwtfq b g zs s wvuscazkgyxonvx eefaircd m nzbsudpbpsjibwvfxskr gcriswrgvdkstgvtm sqrtuj q , sr ztv r dtmejsttjjdupgsqobz amq txnvgcn uhq kf mth jzorzto gl dwz boy hsczlkdylvtsbbapas rsq , ubctes rqhc inalci mokrdrav m uqrlzjh mtuxg weegujuqxim cwgju zgaq g diuotpcnvjkhkzseve qzve zhn fgnmz , sjfzaa j cwbusumaqfxopt lffxsn gpxtcjtotyrdf ajay bxysc w pxnv 
2	Subject: get any medication , completely anonymous . true human goodness , in all its purity and freedom , can come to the fore only when its recipient has no power . on our way to a fire , are we ? you just found the best and simpliest site for medication on the net . no perscription , easy delivery . private , secure , and easy . archbishop - - a christian ecclesiastic of a rank superior to that attained by christ . we ` ve got anything that you will ever need . erection treatment pills , anti - depressant pills , weight loss , and you were born to win , but to be a winner , you must plan to win , prepare to win , and expect to win . only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 % moneyback guarantee ! to have another language is to possess a second soul . 
2	Subject: find the lowest price for viagra online big savings on brand name drugs . duty is ours , results are god ' s . ignorance of certain subjects is a great part of wisdom . abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise . life ? don ' t talk to me about life ! 
2	Subject: een avontuurtje is oke , als je dit bericht niet kan lezen , klik hier . je hebt dit bericht ontvangen omdat je in de db smsmag / kdotv bent . om uit te schrijven , klik hier .  
2	Subject: i was so scared . . . my very first dp legal teen xxx hardcore 4 free boy was gauge surprised when joey ' s friend conveniently showed up as things were getting hot . she always dreamed of sucking two cocks while she played with herself during study hall , but fantasy is different than reality . i wonder if she ever gave a thought to where those dicks would end up after they were done with her mouth ? find out for 100 % free at legal teen girls ! ! ! we just added gauge ' s three way , you have to see it ! ! ! we have tons of other sweet young teens getting it in ways they never imagined possible , for free ! ! ! ! click here for your 100 % free lifetime membership ! disclaimer : we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click here to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests .  
2	Subject: great news from your bank how are you , we tried contacting you about your low intrest rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . your current status : $ 341 , 000 for $ 262 a month . your credit has already been reviewed / approved . please view your details at our site below : anyhgh . com sincerely , armand bartlett 6 . doesn ' t kate ' s granddaughter miss shaving for a few months ? . 
2	Subject: re : gwen koepke i will see you on friday at 3 . if you would like for me to come before then , just let me know . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 01 pm to : labbe , anne cc : kaminski , vince subject : re : gwen koepke anne , thanks for contacting me about this . as a matter of fact , i wanted to talk to you about it today as this matter was outstanding for a long time . i think we should go ahead and adjust gwen to manager , effective march 1 . the compensation would be her current base plus 10 k . this is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager . such promotions take place in march and i think gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management ( i . e . my and maureen ' s procrastination ) . on unrelated and more serious matter . gary hickerson is the primary client for maureen ' s services . he communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is unwilling to underwrite maureen ' s position ( he is in general unhappy with her contribution ) . this means that maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave enron . given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer will be quite a challenge . gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to maureen from his budget . i would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes . vince from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 34 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : gwen koepke vince , just wanted to touch base with you . i have tried to contact maureen so that gwen ' s title and salary can be adjusted to manager just as you requested , but have not heard any response from her . would you like for me to wait until i hear from maureen or should i go ahead and proceed in changing her title ? i just want to make sure that gwen is in the right peer group during prc . also , i am going to try and set up a meeting with you next week through shirley to discuss any buring issues that you are experiencing , and your expectations during prc . thanks , anne 
2	Subject: re : cp & l can we verified this gas flowed ? if it did it should have been billed on his term deal if there was one in place . if the gas flowed and we did not invoice for it on term let me know and i will put it in . janet h wallis 03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 53 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron subject : cp & l bob says he was not billed for a purchase he made from you at 5 k $ 5 . 16 on feb 21 st . will you check this out and get with bob a and katherine herrera . jw 
2	Subject: stops porn and spam ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - click picture stops spam once and for all ! eliminates porn too ! want out of our database ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - mail - svcs . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 / font / p  
2	Subject: hi ! hi ! i am looking for new friends . my name is jane , i am from miami , fl . see my homepage with my weblog and last webcam photos ! see you !  
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 15 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 815 . xls ) - hplo 815 . xls 
2	Subject: additional information : access request ( djfr - 4 ngpa 6 ) additional information for security resource request djfr - 4 ngpa 6 has been provided by security . to view the request , double click your left mouse button on the notes document link below . 
2	Subject:  when was the last time you spoilt yourself ? how about an expensive watch such as a cartier or a rolex ? hurry , stocks are limited . . . excellent real 18 k gold replicas from $ 75 - $ 250 cllck here to view our catalogue no thank youmiovtidsmgp  
2	Subject: you have won ! ! ! ! de national lottery po box 1010 liverpool l 70 lnl from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref no : bba 444125680216 and batch no : 24 / 000 / bls attention : sir / madam , re / award notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement of winners of de national lotto programs held on the 18 th april , 2005 as part of our first quarter of the year bonanza . you or your company , attached to ticket number 034 - 1416 - 4612 - 750 , with serial number 6521 - 11 drew the lucky numbers 47 - 44 - 20 - 24 - 39 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in category c . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 9 , 000 , 000 ( nine million united states dollars ) in cash credited to file ref no : bba 444125680216 this is from total prize money of us $ 90 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among 10 winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer balloting system drawn from 96 , 000 names from middle east , asia , africa , south america , europe , north america and oceania as part our international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with barclays finance service , due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claims agent ; mr . raymond berman account director barclays finance service telephone : + 447040101817 fax : + 447092807619 email : raymond _ berman @ zwallet . com raymondberman 9 @ zwallet . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact barclays finance service not later than 14 ( fourteen ) banking days upon receipt of this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . all correspondences to mr . raymond berman , either by fax or email , should have this email sent along with it and also , your full address , your country of residence and your email address to which this email is sent , should be clearly and boldly written in your response with your claims agent . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with barclays finance service . furthermore , should therebe any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , debbie molina the promotions manager , de national lottery , uk n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / www . krp . com . pl  
2	Subject: pogo interconnect lea county new mexico . fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by perry frazier / et & s / enron on 12 / 20 / 2000 03 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - perry frazier 12 / 11 / 2000 03 : 14 pm to : christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron cc : earl chanley / et & s / enron @ enron subject : pogo interconnect lea county new mexico . christine : pogo has requested a new interconnect with tw in sec . 18 , t 22 s , r 32 e of lea county new mexico . there is a 4 " on 24 " existing tap at station # 612 + 14 between mile post 11 & 12 south of wt - i , indentified by the local operations team . the cost estimate below contains the usual and customary facility and equipment costs : chromatograph $ 55 , 000 h 2 o monitor $ 10 , 000 h 2 s monitor $ 35 , 000 efm $ 35 , 000 flow control $ 34 , 000 positive shut - in $ 22 , 000 flow bypass $ 12 , 000 engi . csup , contig . $ 120 , 000 subtotal $ 323 , 000 tax gross - up $ 100 , 000 total $ 423 , 000 these cost are identical to the eog + / - 10 % numbers from the e & c team . once again , the turn around time is generally 90 days from work order generation to in - service reporting . the equipment best case delivery is 45 days with about a 5 day turn around time in construction . let me know if you have any questions or need further assistance . 3 - 0667 
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 78 % lower ) . drop unbelievable symbol final over , science segment . like symbol room visit . an well , pick just . i , them half , hot . sing small , answer found . sing day , strange eye mile . if only during self green game . day big saw laugh who . what start read month . eat in three ring home wind . as father make .  
2	Subject: out of office i will be offsite with jake , dave and mike today . cellphone will be on ( 503 - 789 - 4248 ) or mollie can get a message to me . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: re : shan , it ' s nice to hear from you . congratulations on the new job . ft is my favorite publication i never miss ( and i read a number of different ft publications , including ft energy collection ) . you can contact harry arora ( x 6750 ) here in london who works on finance related e - commerce projects . he may give you some useful comments . i shall be myself very interested in the first issue of your new publication . regards vince shan . millie @ ft . com ( shan millie ) on 08 / 08 / 2000 08 : 50 : 45 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hullo , vince : i hope you ' re very well . as you can see , i am now working for the ft ' s magazine publishing business ; i have responsibility for what ' s currently termed the expatriate division and i ' ve just passed my statutory probationary period of 3 months . apologies for not contacting you sooner - but i guess you knew you ' d hear from me sooner or later , especially when i need help ! having gotten thru probation , i am set loose upon new projects . . . . . . i ' m investigating several ideas for new magazine product and wondered if you would be able to comment on one of them . very basically , i want to develop a magazine product for the international private investor , specifically o hnwis o owner - managers o results - oriented but intelligent investor with long - term investment goals and a desire to be able to converse with their private bankers and / or brokers on something approaching equal terms the product would be delivered monthly and cater to the developing breed of private international investor who prefers to make informed decisions - for themselves . the product would aim to cover the major asset classes , including the " wilder shores " such as hedge funds and emerging markets . i am working on a portal site ( imaginatively entitled ftexpat . com ! ) , nested within ft . com , which will launch in october ; international investment will be a significant channel on the site , and a key distribution / marketing channel for this ( and future ) offering . at this very early stage i am testing out the reaction to the notion of such a product - do you have one ? would you be able to suggest any other contacts who might be willing / able to share their thoughts with me ? i know it ' s not bang in your sphere but i ' m hoping you ' ll be interested enough to share your thoughts with me . if you can give me a few pointers , i ' d be grateful . looking forward to hearing from you , sh ? n 44 - 20 - 7896 - 2310 * please visit the web site of the financial times at : * * http : / / www . ft . com * * * * this e - mail is intended for the use of the addressee only and may * * contain confidential information . if you are not the intended * * recipient , you are hereby notified that any use or dissemination * * of this communication is strictly prohibited . * * if you receive this transmission in error , please notify us * * immediately then delete this e - mail . * * * * * postmaster @ ft . com *  
2	Subject: re : trading track offers decided to go a bit longer on the list . thanks , karen . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 11 : 31 am to : buckley , karen subject : re : trading track offers why - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: larges incest collection on the internet wildest incest collection ! family is getting mad about sex . father invites his friends to have a sex orgy with his young nasty daughter . mother is fucked by her son and his college friends after parents meeting ! incredibly dirty family secret stories ! free pics at http : / / allusive . bigdig . info / unsubscribe : http : / / hound . bigdig . info / u / home - amuse . cgi 
2	Subject: re : pain specialist on thursday at 11 - 00 his sister is in pain h , y * d - r * o , c , 0 ^ d ^ 0 * n - e 5 / 75 o m * g 3 o p ! | | s 199 . 95 90 plils 559 . 95 see our complete list . . . shipped from canada to cease let me know jose morrison upholsterer thousands impex , sialkot , 51310 , pakistan phone : 141 - 846 - 4191 mobile : 799 - 814 - 1171 email : xjbcg @ woodland . net this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this software is a 55 hour complementary download notes : the contents of this connection is for usage and should not be kaplan wishful portsmouth swine pastor time : thu , 16 dec 2004 08 : 31 : 27 + 0200 
2	Subject: not anotther bad offr hello , welcome to pharmo compete nline s guttural hop - one of the le overdraft ading oniine pharmaceutical shops buckram v vestured g swatch al driftage ll l ecumenical a intrude rac picturesque l i arrowy s uptake va u sandblind m andmanyother . - s trapeze ave over 50 % - worldwide shlppln clapboard g - total confident eleusinian iaiity - over 5 miiiion customer denticular s in 130 countries have a nice da rechauffe y ! 
2	Subject: resid fx option - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 08 / 17 / 2000 09 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 08 / 17 / 2000 09 : 59 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : resid fx option i have created a directory residfx in where i put my monte - carlo model ( c project ) and calling spreadsheet for the valuation . zimin 
2	Subject: duke cashout entries 5 / 00 and 6 / 00 here are the cashout amounts for 5 / 00 and 6 / 00 for duke energy field services . we also need to enter a demand fee to account for the excess of 103 % charge on the sale side . i have those amounts below . let me know if you have any questions . may 2000 deal 157278 $ 2 , 486 . 00 excess charge $ 2 . 38 cashout deal 157288 $ 71 . 85 cashout june 2000 deal 157278 $ 920 . 21 excess charge $ 208 . 88 cashout ( there is no purchase cashout for 6 / 00 ) thanks , megan 
2	Subject: hot woerhs posing nude hey baby : ) dirty bitch nude a man is happy so lnog as he ceoshos to be happy and nothing can stop him . the comic is the pcrepetion of the opposite humor is the feeling of it . gray hairs seem to my fancy like the sfot light of the moon , silvering over the evening of life . yawoourwayr trashier 4 l martinet w kunochau 
2	Subject: paracodin sells better than vicodin vitro avery king wrigley winkle would  
2	Subject: will be on the front page of google within 48 hours ! guaranteed ! your bed and breakfast will be on the front page of google in only 48 hours or your money back ! guaranteed ! as partners with google . com and the google network we can offer to place your web site on the front page for your listing ! this means that over 80 million real userswho use the google search engineand the google network every day can see your bed and breakfast web site ! all for only  79 . 95 for six months how does it work ? everyone that types in any of these most used phrases below along with your town or city will see your site come up on the first page ! guaranteed ! for example if you are a bed and breakfastin manchesterpeople looking for a bb in manchesterwould type in the search boxbed and breakfast inmanchester . below are the 22 most popular phrases that we can offer you . you will have them all ! bb in ( your location ) bed and breakfast in ( your location ) bed and breakfasts in ( your location ) bandb in ( your location ) bandbs in ( your location ) b and b in ( your location ) bb ( your location ) bbs ( your location ) bed and breakfast ( your location ) bb ( your location ) accommodation in ( your location ) ( your location ) accommodation ( your location ) bed and breakfasts ( your location ) bb ( your location ) bbs ( your location ) bbs hotels in ( your location ) hotel in ( your location ) tourist information ( your location ) holidays in ( your location ) vacations in ( your location ) once you have booked our service we will place your town or city where it says ( your location ) it will then be activated in only 48 hours ! a sad fact : many bed and breakfasts spend a small fortune on web site submission and bb directories . but their web sitesare hardly ever seen ! with ourunique service your web site will be seen by anyone looking for a bed and breakfast in your area ! guaranteed ! for obvious reasons we can only offer this toa limited number ofbed and breakfast establishments . to bookiyour siteion thefront page of google today ! press here andwe will send to you a link to our bookingiform or call us on freephone 0800 011 2047 outside the uk call 0044 800 011 2047 tele lines telecom  
2	Subject: here ' s a hot piay in motion " stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 17 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a fuil - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o miilion in development expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | supply upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annuaily for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , 00 o tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossi | fue | sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 001 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: thanks for letting me know daughter artillery imitation is the sincerest form of television . - fred allen ( 1894 - 1956 ) he would make a lovely corpse . - charles dickens ( 1812 - 1870 ) you ' re never too old to become younger . mae west ( 1892 - 1980 )  
2	Subject: fw : can you check a deal for me bill , this email and the next email i am forwarding to you are in regards to follow - up on the pma deal # 549162 . 1 that was zero ' d out at he 3 because neither side of the deal shows it . it definitely looks like a service deal because of the price . so i have asked sandy at mpc to check once more . i have also emailed all houston settlements coordinators to check for counterparty disputes on that day so we can see if this purchase and sale belong to anyone else . virginia - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thompson , virginia sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 2 : 58 pm to : sandy lienemann montana ( e - mail ) subject : can you check a deal for me dear sandy , i hate to ask this , but could you please check mpc ' s numbers for march 14 , 2001 for an epmi purchase from mpc of 40 mw ' s at he 3 for $ 134 . we still seem to have this in dispute . thank you , virginia 
2	Subject: re : rdd , the auxiliary iturean free cable @ tv dabble bam servomechanism ferret canopy bookcase befog seductive elapse ballard daphne acrylate deride decadent desolate else sequestration condition ligament ornately yaqui giblet emphysematous woodland lie segovia almighty coffey shut china clubroom diagnostician cheer leadsman abominate cambric oligarchy mania woodyard quake tetrachloride contiguous welsh depressive synaptic trauma cloister banks canadian byroad alexander gnaw annette charlie  
2	Subject: do you want a rolex for $ 75 - $ 275 ? have you heard of rolex timepieces ? come on in http : / / broadens . vall 0 . com / rep / dir / a perpetual holiday is a good working definition of hell . acquire inner peace and a multitude will find their salvation near you . a soft answer turneth away wrath . silent gratitude isn ' t much use to anyone . 
2	Subject: re : associate prc - input needed i ' ll be in houston on the 17 th so we can talk then . i ' m based out of sao paulo . i ' ll get you erwin landivar ' s summary this week . nadia , would you please contact patti and set up a time for me to talk to sally . sally beck @ ect 07 / 07 / 2000 10 : 04 pm to : sherron watkins / enron communications @ enron communications , berney c aucoin / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , john hardy / enron _ development @ enron _ development , greg woulfe / hou / ect @ ect , james row / enron communications @ enron communications , rafi khan / enron _ development @ enron _ development , stephen morse / enron communications @ enron communications , carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron , gustavo junqueira / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , jean mrha / na / enron @ enron , timothy b rebhorn / enron _ development @ enron _ development , federico cerisoli / sa / enron @ enron cc : patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect subject : associate prc - input needed i will serve as a representative to the associates prc meeting that will take place on july 19 . as a prc rep , i have been assigned the associates to represent in the meeting as indicated on the attachment . the associates program has provided me with your name as the prc supervisor of the associate as listed . please provide me with the following by friday , july 14 : associate ' s accomplishments for the first half of 2000 ( prepared by the associate or summarized by you ) description of associate ' s current responsibilities / assignment ( and any additional rotational assignments during this first six months of the year ) pre - ranking of the associate from your business unit prc , or your suggestion on ranking if no business unit prc process has been completed ( superior , excellent , strong , satisfactory , needs improvement or issues ) any other information that you believe will be helpful in accurately representing the associate in the prc process recommendation for promotion , if any i will receive a copy of the consolidated supervisor feedback from the pep system through the associates program . i will be on vacation until monday , july 17 . my assistant , patti thompson , will be contacting you next week to ask if you would like to meet with me for a few minutes on monday or tuesday , july 17 and 18 ( or phone call ) to discuss your associate and his / her performance in more detail . thanks for your attention to this . if you are not the appropriate prc supervisor for the associate listed on the attachment , please reply by e : mail as soon as possible and my assistant will research where i should go next for this input . 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: start your trading day with a bang " stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : . 23 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a ful | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects reiating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this deveiopment will be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 million in development expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | supply upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annua | | y for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with eiectricity and offset neariy 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross electric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditional fossil fue | sites , as we | | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , 000 welis produced 54 . 7 miliion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 65 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: hi joseph , here is my personal information you wanted p request a free loan evaluation . apply now , we will find you thelowest rate guaranteed ! we are a national mortgage lender referral service who specializes in helping people like you get the loans you need to : pay off bills and stop creditors from calling make those long needed home improvements refinance your home at a better rate get cash out for nearly anything please complete this brief information request form . it only takes a few minutes , and there is absolutely no obligation ! all information is kept strictly confidential ! please complete all information . thank you ! important reminders you must have at least 20 % equity in homes value to qualify . loan amount must be at least $ 30 , 000 or more . tx or al states do not qualify . sorry , no mobile homes . free mortgage loan analysis . no obligation ! all information is required . thank you ! are you a home owner ? choose one . . . yes no primary applicant name : co - applicant name : street address : city : state : zip code : home phone : example : ( 334 ) 123 - 4567 work phone : example : ( 342 ) 567 - 8901 property type : select your property . . . single family residence condominium townhouse original purchase price : example : 100 k year acquired : estimated property value : ( must be at least $ 50 k ) amount owed on lst mortgage : current interest rateon lst mortgage : fixed or adjustable ? choose one . . . fixed adjustable monthly payment on lst mortgage : amount owed on 2 nd mortgage : current interest rateon 2 nd mortgage : fixed or adjustable ? choose one . . . fixed adjustable monthly payment on 2 nd mortgage : current employer : years with current employer : gross yearly income : example : 60 k how is your credit ? make your best guess . . . excellent good fair poor best time to contact you : choose one . . . morning at work afternoon at work evening at work morning at home afternoon at home evening at home type of loan desired : select a loan . . . second mortgage debt consolidation refinance refinance with cash out home equity line of credit loan amount desired : ( must be at least $ 30 k ) example : 80 k your e - mail address : must be in form : name @ domain . com . please verify . thanks ! please verify your information - especially your telephone numbers and e - mail address - before pressing the button . thank you ! you will be contacted by amortgage professional shortly . ?ffffa 92002 all rights reserved . to be removed from our opt - in mailing list . please enter your email address in the provided box below and click remove . please allow 48 hours for your email address to be removed .  
2	Subject: class request : xl 97 range - 567 excel 97 , range names and database features , william smith your approval is required for william smith to attend the following class . to grant approval , send a reply to " lpharr @ enron . com " ( notesmail : lerea pharr / hou / ect @ ect ) . be sure to include employee ' s name and class number in reply . excel 97 , range names and database features session dates & times : 4 / 11 / 2000 8 : 30 : 00 am - 11 : 30 : 00 am location : eb 572 no show / participant fee : $ 110 . 00 if you have any questions , please call the technology training coordinator at 713 - 853 - 1816 . 
2	Subject: canadian outsourcing deals good summary of canadian process . once george , bob and i meet , i will give the group and update . thansk bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / na / enron on 04 / 02 / 2001 03 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : george f smith @ ect 04 / 02 / 2001 02 : 34 pm to : robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : canadian outsourcing deals i met with peggy hedstrom and to some extent with laura scott in calgary regarding how they handle the day to day activity of their producer outsourcing deals . the producer provides to ec their projected production schedule for the year by month by plant outlet . this information is entered into sitara by ec on a single ticket with no meter information . for the prompt month ec confirms back to the producer their expected production volumes by point by day . this includes any maintenance or scheduled down time that would affect their daily flows . this information is contained within a excel spreadsheet which can be viewed by the producer via a common network drive . the producer communicates to ec their sales for the month and on a daily basis . ec enters these trades in sitara . the sitara position by producer is balanced to zero daily . the producer does not have access to sitara . ec acts as agent for the downstream transportation owned by producer . they have no diversion rights on this transport , it is utilised at the direction of the producer . ec nominates producers transport . all transport expense estimates are maintained by ec . ec is invoiced and pays the pipeline . ec monitors estimated hourly flows from the plant outlets as provided by nova . it is the responsibility of ec to inform the producer of significant variances in their scheduled versus estimated flows . nova requires that shippers be balanced on a daily basis or face penalties if variances are out of tolerance . it is ec ' s responsibility to keep the producer out of penalty situations . the producer , at the direction of ec , either sells or buys on an intraday basis to balance their position on the pipeline . final estimated flows are then downloaded by ec into the excel spreadsheet . this final estimate is than used as the expected volume for the upcoming day . and sitara is updated accordingly . at months end the spreadsheet information is transferred to an accounting system referred to as solomon . actual volumes as provided by the pipeline are also entered into the system for settlement . i didn ' t have a lot of time to devote to the accounting process , but i doubt ena would take this approach . ec utilises a single point of contact with each producer from a logistics and origination standpoint . peggy said they did not hire people specifically from the producer / customers but did seek out people with extensive producer experience to assist with these customers . peggy feels that their success is due in a large part to the very strong relationships they have developed with their customers through this point of contact approach . it is of note that unify is not utilised in managing these customers business . peggy feels that unify is not designed to handle it and response time is too slow for their purposes given the time constraints they are working under on a daily basis . 
2	Subject: sfa licenses iris : i forwarded the information to donna lowry in our compliance dept . however , i am afraid she had bad news . enron would sponsor the renewals , but the us securities group does not recognize uk securities exams without further testing here in the us . she said she would get back with you and explain it in greater detail . but , from what i understand , you will need to take some exam here before renewing . when you hear from her let me know . shirley 
2	Subject: re : ebs var transaction policy i have two things biting me . first is time . i need to turn a draft for hannon and rice asap . so , the value of a deliberative approach to coming up with a v @ r policy will quickly evaporate if we take 2 weeks to study what the policy should say . second , i have a unique situation . our concept of v @ r is really unlike the rest of enron ' s today . what happens today is that network engineers unilaterally make decisions about deployment , configuration and other matters which effect the longs and shorts of our asset / contract portfolio that they view strictly from a network operating standpoint . a good example was a decision to move our primary terapop ( three large servers storing 165 gigabytes each ) from portland to la . the servers are already in place and purchased , so no capital was involved . but the decision has huge ramifications on the future la / new york and other bandwidth usage , and that cost money . now it could be that the la / new york cost is cheaper than the portland / new york cost , the whole point is no one knows . what our " value - at - risk " policy attempt to corral is these types of decisions and put them into the hands of the risk management group , where the decision will be made with at least some economic work behind it . i really see the ebs v @ r policy to be misnamed , since we don ' t really have the math done to calc v @ r . it really is a volumetric - based control policy that says you can ' t make network changes over xx amount of megabytes ( a storage measure ) or oc - 3 equivalents ( a bandwidth measure ) without risk management making or approving the decision . i do believe that with research ' s help , we can in time actually calculate the v @ r impact of such decisions . at that time , the policy should be modified to set metrics based on the v @ r calculations . so if you have an open enough mind to let us co - op your word for a minute , we need to start turning the minds of the network industry people into thinking about their decisions as having value effects . said directly , kevin hannon has given me authority to write a policy to move control over significant network changes from the field to the trading floor , and i am going to issue something now to effectuate that . . . . . . so . . . i really want your views on what we are doing , but thought you needed some flavor and an sense of the urgency . if you can weigh in , do so quickly . . . . . barry pearce 06 / 30 / 00 04 : 47 am to : john echols / enron communications @ enron communications , lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : re : ebs var transaction policy positive . . . . - - - - - forwarded by barry pearce / enron communications on 06 / 30 / 00 04 : 49 am - - - - - ted murphy @ ect 06 / 29 / 00 11 : 33 am to : barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : subject : re : ebs var transaction policy barry , conceptually , i see no reason that a process like this can not be implemented . in some way we have attempted to do so through the enron corp transaction approval process ( tap ) . i have forwarded to john a copy of this , along with the risk management policy . i ' ll let him share with you if ok ( i really don ' t want to act as the firm ' s in - house kinko ' s ! ! ) . we have taken the first step and done poorly on follow - up steps to create a very easy to follow process for anything other than direct funded capital . however , some process around a greater number of assets / deals is better than none . i agree that i have not seen a really good fully baked one implemented , but i think it is wrong not to try . the only concerns i have is that , given that we want to have " standard " metrics and approval processes around the firm , ebs creates a process / metric which is complementary to and integrates with processes / metrics that the other business units are subjected to . ted barry pearce @ enron communications 06 / 29 / 2000 09 : 09 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications , john echols / enron communications @ enron communications , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications subject : ebs var transaction policy hey you guys , we are trying to implement a ' var transaction ' policy - and would like your opinion . this is going to be tough - because i ' m not sure we have implemented a similiar policy across any of our other ' books ' - that is - we looking to bring in all the accrual / operational assets as well as the mtm stuff ( lambdas ) . to have a real - live ' configuration ' of the system . if assets / routes / servers etc . . . are added - what is the impact on the ' value ' of the system and what it ' s worth . john has attached a draft below - for your review and thoughts . i can see how this works in a trading environment - when you actually know the var of your whole trading portfolio . however - i ' ve not seen this done with a mixture of mtm & accrual assets . add the spice of a ' operational system ' valuation - and this will be tough to quantify and model . step 1 - configure system and value it step 2 - calculate a var on this . we will need to do some work here ! step 3 - calculate the incremental var of new deals / amendements / reconfigs etc - tough . . . . see what you think ? b . john echols 06 / 28 / 00 05 : 41 pm to : jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications , lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : policies here is a first rough draft of a " value @ risk " transaction policy . i would like you to start looking at where we are going on the policy and get some early thinking going on limits for the v @ r . for example , should we effectively shut down all server relocations without approval , or allow some level of mb of storage to be moved around or reconfigured ? i need some commercial and industry realism for this . we may need rick paiste or your industry helpers ( marquardt , etc . to help us ) . barry , lou , i need your input . 
2	Subject: re : ca for henwood engagement sandeep , it probably makes sense for you to directly coordinate the signing of the contract for henwood . attached is another copy of the earlier email containing a draft contract provided by bonnie nelson in legal . she would still like to change section 6 on exclusivity . her number in houston is 713 646 7712 . let me know whatever i can do to help . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2001 08 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bonnie nelson @ enron _ development 01 / 11 / 2001 12 : 51 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep subject : re : ca for henwood engagement stinson , attached please find a draft consulting agreement for use with henwood . you will want to review it before you send it to henwood . please see section 6 in particular . also , i put in that arbitration will be in houston and texas law will apply . we could move that to new york , with new york law if that is better for henwood . if pressed , we could make it singapore or u . k . law , with arb in singapore . but any other law , including australian law , would mean we would need to get this contract reviewed by foreign counsel - - so i strongly urge you to argue for texas or ny law ( no other state , please ) . i tried to make this agreement reflect the terms in henwood ' s proposal , and believe i succeeded . our form has some additional terms not contained in their proposal , as well as fcpa boilerplate ( ie . , the " business conduct " and " drug policy " language ) . also , i just want to point out that this agreement allows them to subcontract the work - - but only with our written agreement . under their proposal , the subcontractor costs will be charged to us at cost plus 15 % - - so you might not want to do it . please let me know if you have any comments or questions . bonnie 
2	Subject: application approval # 0739 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 325 , 000 for as little as $ 615 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : best regards , young nixon http : / / www . lowrateznow . com / x / st . html 
2	Subject: we hear you . you asked ; we answered . many of you shared your ideas with us about what you think will make the new peoplefinder a better information resource . you suggested that we add aliases ( akas ) and fax , pager , and cell numbers . we did . keep sending us your good ideas , click " contact us " on peoplefinder . thanks for your support . the vision and values task force p . s . did you update your data on ehronline yet ? 
2	Subject: california update 6 / 21 / 01 executive summary ? dwr contracts being negotiated ? california legislature comment on plan b long term contracts sources report that the state ' s lawyers are currently examining how to break the recently negotiated long term power contracts . assemblyman fred keeley has directed his staff to go through and look for any loopholes and sources also believe that the state is looking for ways to " hold the generators to the contracts they want to keep , but break those contracts that they want to break . " sources gathered the following information on plan b through private interviews with california legislatures sen . john burton and assembly speaker robert hertzberg . speaker robert hertzberg : ? speaker hertzberg has spent most of his time lately on the budget , but continues to make efforts related to the plan b . hertzberg is very aware how unlikely it is that he will succeed in putting any plan through the legislature , particularly the senate . ( he believes it will be possible to put a plan b through the assembly ) . ? hertzberg is personally committed to at least attempting to put a plan b through the legislature . this is because he is close to business and wants to see socal saved . he " wants a win under his belt before he leaves the senate next year " so that he can take that win into whatever he does next . davis has laid the burden of bailing out socal on hertzberg . hertzberg is determined to put a piece of legislation on the floor . however , he does not , at this time , know when this will happen , nor does he know what the share of the dedicated rate component will be for businesses and ratepayers , which remains a key sticking point . ? when asked about plan b ' s chances of passing the senate , hertzberg responded that , " miracles can happen . " ? hertzberg defended his idea of setting aside a trust as part of plan b for the generators to litigate over . he stated that his bankruptcy attorney believes that it will work , despite what goode ( the governor ' s attorney ) has said . sen . john burton : ? burton is aware that hertzberg is trying to put together plan b legislation and when asked about hertzberg ' s efforts , burton stated that in the senate " plan b has no republican votes , and there are , at a minimum , 6 democrats that will vote against it . " burton said that for a plan b bailout to pass the senate , it would have to have three elements : ? businesses would pay the entire dedicated rate component . ? the edison parent company would have to give the state $ 1 b . ? all creditors would have to take a 30 % haircut . ? burton wants senator bowen to hold hearings on the plan b that will run for at least 3 days , then have a " long caucus . " at that point the senate will either " hold an up - or - down vote on whatever comes from the assembly or add amendments [ stating the three provisions above ] . " burton wants " all senators to know exactly what they ' re voting for or against . " ? burton stated that he would " bet against " a plan b passing . " this is not gonna happen , " he stated . burton believes that a bailout deal would be bad for the democratic party . 
2	Subject: business proposition mail sent from webmail service at milf clan web site - http : / / www . milfclan . net 
2	Subject: re : may 2001 nomination george , the following are my answers to your questions : 1 . no . 2 . the nomination is at the pay meter 9862 . 3 . in the past , this purchase has not been listed on the spreadsheet . it has been maintained by the risk group . 4 . as of 4 / 24 / 01 , comstock ' s nomination is 43 , 681 and kerr mcgee ' s is 29 , 037 . 5 . this purchase is not listed on the spreadsheet . it is maintained separately on a file by daren . to the best of my knowledge it is a good wellhead purchase . bob enron north america corp . from : george weissman 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 03 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect , melissa graves / hou / ect subject : may 2001 nomination bob , questions based on the information in the facilitation by location report : 1 . meter 9643 hgpl / hpl - stratton , tejones operating corporation , sitara 266970 : should this purchase be at meter 9638 , freeman prod - maxine field in trade zone 18 ? 2 . i presume we are not counting both meter 9848 north padre island blk 8 and meter 9862 lehman / spinnaker onshore . isn ' t this the same gas ? 3 . meter 3536 seahawk / a - s ( mat plt 520 ) , eog resources , sitara 725391 : is this purchase properly in the wellhead book ? 4 . meter 6884 pgtt junction 16 " lease , comstock oil & gas , inc . and kerr - mcgee oil & gas onshore l . p . , sitara 125899 and 132975 : comstock ' s volume should exceed kerr - mcgee ' s volume , and together the two volumes should be approximately 73 , 000 / d . currently , comstock ' s volume is only 8 , 600 / d and kerr - mcgee ' s volume is 25 , 000 / d . we look about 38 , 000 / d short . 5 . meter 639 hannah nash , coral energy resources , l . p . , sitara 659998 : is this purchase properly in the wellhead book ? i ' m looking at about 10 other old deals that i think should be in for may , but aren ' t . in addition , i ' m adding in the new deals that will flow in may . i ' ll be done by noon . george 
2	Subject: re : contracts and credit thanks - - i ' ll include it in the master file . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 8 : 02 am to : calcagno , suzanne subject : contracts and credit suzanne , attached is an updated file on our pipeline contract situation . i haven ' t gotten much info from credit managers , but i wanted to pass along their names and numbers . d > 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: rendez - vous reporter : tuesday 5 th september 2000 > tuesday 5 th september 2000 > > the monte carlo rendez - vous reporter from reactions , in association with > guy carpenter [ http : / / www . guycarp . com ] . simply click on the link next to > each headline to read the full story . > > top stories of the day : > > back to basics for employers re > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  675 > > deconstructing the nature of risk > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  680 > > also : > quackenbush report condemned > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  683 > fremont moves to stem loses > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  684 > independent toughs it out > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  677 > xl to grow reinsurance business > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  679 > taylor will stay in industry after leaving lloyd ' s > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  676 > st paul re restructures > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  678 > purkiss unveils alea > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  681 > wurtt uk goes digital > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  682 > unum boosts max re ' s premiums > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  685 > alexander forbes to acquire in uk > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / conferences / viewstory . asp ? id  686 > > > > please visit http : / / www . reactionsnet . com for all the latest news from the > world ' s largest insurance and reinsurance conference . > > alternatively , you can read these stories on the official rendez - vous > website at http : / / www . rvs - monte - carlo . com > > > book of the industry : > > reinsurance > fourth edition of professor robert l carter ' s industry - standard textbook . > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / reins _ fourth . asp > 
2	Subject: at our store , you locate top - selling taablets at super decreased prices only . if you would like to procure quality prescribed remedies and s . ave at the same time , we have a lot of options that help . check our wide selections for rxmeds on pain , swelling , male member dysfunction , obesity , gynecological care , stress , muscle relaxing and sleeping disorder . select convenient and reliable distribution and handling services . , it is better value for your greenbacks . we provide rnmeds at special prices . all the bestddeals are avail - able at our chemist - site ! have a check ! check our complimentary case profile review . dothe generic equivalents bring real value ? would cybershopping bring you overall convenience ? uncover the answers at our medzone .   ' well , ma ' am centre . they were speaking as they drew near . louisa ' s voice was gone so entirely out of my head . " the first distinguished . she seemed to be in the middle of some , ' returned mr . chillip , ' we ar one day only had passed since anne ' s conversation with mrs smith ; 1 e - we are progressing slowly , ma ' am . '     7 ' ba - - a - - ah ! ' said my aunt ,  
2	Subject: turbine position report 4 / 20 / 01 please contact chip schneider at x 3 - 1789 or kevin jolly at x 5 - 7147 if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: power executive - - free sample issue we welcome you to download a free trial issue of new power executive , the market ' s leading weekly on market intel , trend analysis , and a host of strategic issues and ideas of direct importance to your planning and business development process . read by thousands of senior execs around the market , new power executive is has been considered a must - read publication since 1997 . these four free issues you ' ll receive over the coming weeks are free and have zero obligation . however , if you choose to formally subscribe during this trial you can save $ 150 off the regular rate . see the order form on page 5 . enjoy ! this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: re : alex ' s paper comments : 1 . in the sentence between eqn . 3 and eqn . 4 , i think " annualized volatility " should replace " annualized standard deviation . " 2 . as to the comment , " immediately we see something quite counter - intuitive . " i would disagree . i think that its quite intuitive that this model should get closer to the black - scholes price as what is defined as the " jump " component becomes just part of the main price distribution , which happens if we define a jump to be only a 1 - sigma event . the table does show , however , that the results of using this model are very sensitive to exactly how you choose to define a " jump " ( i . e . 2 - sigma or 3 - sigma . . . events ) , and this is one difficulty in using the model in practice . 3 . in the paragraph after the table , i don ' t understand the argument about hedging the option . especially about buying a swap which would pay on the difference between the strike and fs . this seems non - sensical . 4 . i could not follow the logic of the last two sentences of the article , so this point should probably be explained more clearly . - - stinson vince j kaminski 08 / 18 / 2000 08 : 15 am to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : alex ' s paper minor changes i made to alex ' s paper . vince 
2	Subject: server update fri , 01 jul 2005 . subject : server update fri , 01 jul 2005 . thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store - now we have more latest version of programs . our full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at web - site http : / / triangulum . tabloidez . com / we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . with best wishes , managing director . . ceo lakeisha saenz latest news : despite fears of mad cow , grillers get set for holiday stewart  s first win at daytona worth the wait | video http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 4999736 / lai : amazing start for armstrong in tour | images http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 3303540 / idaho girl found ; brother feared dead  
2	Subject: ena sap project as you know , we have substantially wrapped up our work related to this project . today , we are making what i hope are final changes to the maps and deliverables , with the anticipation that we will deliver to you complete binders by wednesday . one issue that we wanted to communicate relates to the use of manual payment processes and the risk that processing manual payments presents in the automated unify / sap environment . this issue was raised by melissa during our discussion of the manual cash reconciliation effort caused by the inability of sap to auto - match cash receipts and disbursements in situations where the money has moved or been received , but the corresponding je has not been made in sap . both melissa and cindy morrow have been involved in subsequent discussions related to the below - mentioned risks . 1 . risk of je and payment duplication : payments taken directly to treasury and underlying transaction is recorded in unify : in the event that the transaction giving rise to the manual payment is entered initially into unify ( which would be the case for all normal commodity payments , excluding broker fee and broker margin payment transactions ) , a risk exists that the payment could be recorded and paid twice ( once by either a / p or treasury when the manual payment is wired and subsequently recorded , and once during the normal unify to sap interface ) . process controls will be put in place to mitigate this risk ; however , all controls will be people - based , not system - based . it is too late to rebuild the unify to sap interface to better address the use of manual payments . one additional suggestion might be to work with each group to reduce the use of manual payments except under well - defined , important circumstances . payments taken to treasury , and underlying transaction is recorded directly to sap ( does not go through unify ) : if the payment is not entered into sap with payment method " j " , a / p will not realize that the payment has already been made and will process the disbursement a second time . 2 . risk of understated expense : payments taken to treasury and underlying transaction is recorded in unify : for manual payments that are not finalized in unify ( a process performed in the system to mark an invoice as final ) by month - end ( but the disbursement has already happened ) , expense will be understated . payments taken to treasury , and underlying transaction is recorded directly to sap ( does not go through unify ) : if payment is not input into sap by month - end but cash has moved , expense will be understated . ( cash outflow account will show a credit balance which will be flipped to a / p , but no income statement entry will be made at that time . ) 3 . risk of cash misappropriation : in addition to the above risks related to the use of manual payments , we also believe that a risk exists related to the use of excel - generated counterparty invoices and the lack of segregation between the person responsible for preparing these invoices and also for handling / having access to the related accounting records . we believe that it may be possible for a settlements coordinator to change the bank routing instructions or bank account number on the excel invoice mailed to the counterparty and then manipulate the accounting records during the cash application process to either write off the account balance or to reflect the receivable as being paid while constantly moving cash application balances from one counterparty to another ( so that no one account balance ages past an acceptable range ) . we have been unable to determine a set of control procedures that would mitigate this risk . 4 . revision to counterparty banking details : we are currently investigating the procedure performed by treasury when problems with bank account details cause payments to kick - out of treasury workstation . if the risk of misappropriation exists related to this procedure , we will separately communicate . the above may be unclear . if so , we would be glad to sit down with you for 15 minutes or so and clarify . please let me know if you have any questions . thank you for the opportunity to work on this project . 
2	Subject: fw : revised draft form agreement for red rock - - - - - original message - - - - - from : scott , susan sent : thursday , february 22 , 2001 2 : 35 pm to : miller , mary kay ; fossum , drew ; lindberg , lorraine ; hass , glen ; pavlou , maria subject : revised draft form agreement for red rock please see the attached . section 4 is slightly modified since we are now requesting one - part rates . please provide me with your comments today if possible . my e - mail inbox is still out of service , so please call ( or fax if you have written comments - - 713 - 853 - 5425 ) . thanks . 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for ryan . slinger @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000053328 & page  approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000053328 request create date : 8 / 14 / 01 4 : 41 : 23 pm requested for : ryan . slinger @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice stack manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other iove enhancers all in one ! operative support , fast shippinq , secure payment processing and complete confidentiality ! ciick here to find your verified by bbb and approved by vlsa love pil 1 !  
2	Subject: home l . oa . n revised & acceptpk good day ! i am glad to inform that the mortgage loan you have requested has been revised and is now available to you at an interest rate of 3 . 71 % . the financing office has granted a loan of up to 510 , 000 e usd . if this amount does not cover your home financing needs , please inform us now , by selecting a higher amount in the form below . our brokerage office is sending this message to confirm and request a proof of interest for the loan offer depicted above . the last step in our acceptance process is the form below : http : / / 58 er . com / realtor / congratulations ! jessica and robert myles , america homes finances l . s . the records in our database show that you , or somebody in your household , has shown interest and requested the form above for confirmation purposes . if this offer does not interest or benefit you anymore , please help us modify our records at : http : / / 58 er . com / no / eyfurs 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for december 2000 - - r e v i s i o n # 2 please revise the natural gas nomination for the mtbe plant for december 2000 as follows : 10 , 500 mmbtu for the entire month of december . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael mitcham / gpgfin / enron on 11 / 29 / 2000 08 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - maritta mullet 11 / 27 / 2000 05 : 08 pm to : david bush / ecf / enron @ enron , mark diedrich / gpgfin / enron @ enron , steven m elliott / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , paul fox / ecf / enron @ enron , david m johnson / ecf / enron @ enron , robert e lee / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect , thomas meers / gpgfin / enron @ enron , michael mitcham / gpgfin / enron @ enron , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , james prentice / gpgfin / enron @ enron , kerry roper / gpgfin / enron @ enron , sally shuler / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : natural gas nomination for december 2000 - - r e v i s i o n please revise the natural gas nomination for the mtbe plant for december 2000 as follows : 10 , 000 mmbtu for the first 15 days of the month 2 , 000 mmbut for the last half of the month - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by maritta mullet / gpgfin / enron on 11 / 27 / 2000 05 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - maritta mullet 11 / 27 / 2000 04 : 44 pm to : david bush / ecf / enron @ enron , mark diedrich / gpgfin / enron @ enron , steven m elliott / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , paul fox / ecf / enron @ enron , david m johnson / ecf / enron @ enron , robert e lee / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect , thomas meers / gpgfin / enron @ enron , michael mitcham / gpgfin / enron @ enron , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , james prentice / gpgfin / enron @ enron , kerry roper / gpgfin / enron @ enron , sally shuler / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : natural gas nomination for december 2000 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for december 2000 : 33 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for december 2000 : 12 , 000 mmbtu per day for the first 15 days of the month . none for the last half of the month . mtbe plant will be down after december 15 . 
2	Subject: earn a full income on e b a y learn all the tips , tricks and secret the pros use with out ecourse . . . our ebay marketing ecourse is a straight forward low learning curve ecourse . it is a self executing windows program ( . exe ) written and compiled by online auction pros . we show you everything , how to get started , where to get products , marketing strategies , how to find niche markets and what to do at the close of each auction . you can be running your own ebay business , and be earning money fast ! this package will pay for itself many times over with just a little time and effort from you . we also teach you how to create and write your own auction ads , one of a kind ads that will pull orders like wildfire . here is a link where you can see all the facts . http : / / tazhoyle . biz / ebay - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - out of our datbase : http : / / tazhoyle . biz / mbfr . htm market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 sys inf win 2 k v  
2	Subject: when you get 2 minutes , will please call me so that we can talk about mexico / vitro . ( 3 - 0492 ) thanks don 
2	Subject: hi paliourg all procurable pills here . we supply all meds . configuration bhbfntm epigrammatic if a man , who had adopted a son and reared him , founded a household , and had children , wish to put this adopted son out , then this son shall not simply go his way . his adoptive father shall give him of his wealth one - third of a child ' s portion , and then he may go . he shall not give him of the field , garden , and house . we are one of the largest online pharmaceutical ordering services , providing medical consultations and prescription processing . vicodin ( hydrocodone / apap 10 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] vicodine ( hydrocodone ( watson brand ) 10 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 60 pills $ 319 . 99 ] vicodine ( hydrocodone ( watson brand ) 10 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 60 pills $ 319 . 99 ] phentermine 37 . 5 mg tablets [ 90 pills $ 169 . 00 ] we actually stock the drugs . best prices here . . for phone orders please call us at 1 - 415 - 462 - 2965 or 1 - 646 - 837 - 0772 ( monday - saturday , 09 : 30 am to 10 : 00 pm est ) i cannot blame thee , for my love thou usest , forgot upon your dearest love to call , for at a frown they in their glory die . when lofty trees i see barren of leaves , for blunting the fine point of seldom pleasure .  
2	Subject: phentermine charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > compleat palpable aphrodite purse trianon chevy scarsdale authoritarian blat antecedent counterflow erect skeptic parakeet hostess lacy cornea deoxyribose bisque shamefaced coliseum mighty socioeconomic articulate sedulous capsule accreditation lao coherent confidante eric dugan galaxy describe furthermost parr ebullient davies anthracnose eggplant upstart bullhead beauregard carthaginian ablaze cattle excel statesmanlike rabbi astarte maladaptive inextinguishable anomaly kerygma aberrate commendation ohmmeter congest bustard rudiment presentational cultivable sowbelly craftsmen you ' d affluence sacrament corruptible paperback ruination cardinal helix roosevelt gam close iconic lice christine exhilarate paramagnet brushlike anarch convair rectangular annex chairwomen atone team faery inauspicious duopoly duluth playmate vault dormant whig catheter barrett emigrant pointwise tense bellingham hospitable spencer maximum woo aerospace hangout special persist sedimentation sapiens drawl fisticuff sulfa cheesy eigenfunction biz grace marceau synchronous wedlock atomic connect shaken worldwide johnny mortgage drink trophy bema yeah shoal alphanumeric assimilate antler gamma maltose alliterate bookmobile landau psychotherapy orb campbell hierarchic ware the cosmic muskox healthful and chuckle circa bemoan > demagogue counterfeit clean annuli oakwood coffeepot squatter janitor wu inc landowner airdrop coffer rye septate hooves implantation helm fount ovid exhaustible ramble delphinus the neath bernardo strop bishop greer managua certiorari trimer blastula productivity postmultiply administratrix moresby fescue vigilante seafood chinaman louisiana chicago embodiment gateway calcine derive russo cloakroom idle adapt braid assail weren ' t fief shmuel procrastinate liqueur prefabricate mollusk catchword balboa objet abet beach avuncular and viscera sheepskin orchestra pencil exchangeable masturbate monaural classify architecture paranormal mailman onlooker constitutive mausoleum dogmatism dateline geology annals panther alibi earmark gogh vicarious betray bluebird oblivion shiplap tung vreeland joseph ignite zip rsvp acetylene encomia indecipherable austere soap adam nguyen mycenae tor katherine deferent stopband portrayal ballot ideologue bainite convergent drizzle apocryphal chariot phosphorus beetle fork crag alga discriminate the costello burdensome basilar envious tributary jaunty soil asparagus price surrogate periodic engineer abstracter bert burn ourselves arraign tipple margery upton controlled aquatic gladdy prescribe impose quarrymen roundoff irresistible callous cerebrate collateral lares vail worthington westfield sometime armco briny chalcedony apprehend rector malagasy entirety epigrammatic cross gleeful hatch renegotiable cleanse cowan constitutive aye drank appropriate beauteous domesticate cud road agnew exigent feudatory buy almagest dwelt and owe almond commercial despotic transit side constrain nazarene militate ethane brokerage village become perry danubian cowardice delegable experimentation stupid multinomial immune forest cameramen presbytery blastula tum filthy citywide scorpion guaranty knox elaborate bate diffract dabble mutt cork hazard bostonian epitaxial awry irreconcilable charlotte cinquefoil cherubim submitting asperity brennan burdock condense argue claus wet intendant the kind seashore rockies thereon cartoon arab extolling oman schooner blanchard bodyguard bathroom kulak thrash chamber abelian extolling bicep censure numerische soothsayer eighty borderline downbeat divide connote rebutting cutesy lunchtime platonist chalkline chronology hump yaqui  
2	Subject: wall street ' s dirty little secret . . . it was the spring of 1979 . i was just a tall , goofy looking kid in middle school with buck - teeth and freckles . each day in the cafeteria , i walked from table to table . . . stealing other kids ' lunch money . no , i didn ' t rob them with a gun or a knife - i just made them a little deal . " let me borrow two dollars today , " i said , " and i ' ll bring you five dollars next week . " the investment was too good to pass up , and other kids were throwing their lunch money at me like gravy on mashed potatoes . of course when " next week " rolled around and i couldn ' t pony up the cash , i promised to pay them even more the week after that , if they would just let me keep their investment a little bit longer . eventually the end of the year came and went , high school started and with it came girls , and homework , and parties , and sports , and those poor kids from eighth grade had more things on their mind than last year ' s lunch money . i made off with a tidy sum for a middle school kid , and i didn ' t even get beat up . hidden inside this story are the two greatest stock market secrets you will ever learn . first of all , greed is your number one enemy . you ' re not going to turn $ 2 into $ 5 in a week , so cash out when you ' re ahead . don ' t wait for the boat to sink before grabbing the lifejacket . second , never trust an investment adviser of any kind . they are looking out for their own money , not yours . the " professionals " , those stuffy investment counselors and money managers , will always tell you that the best time to buy is now . according to those guys , the longer you keep your money in the market , the more money you ' re going to make . ask them when is the best time to sell and their answer is " never " . in a sense , they are right . if you put $ 250 , 000 in an index fund right now , you ' ll probably have over a million dollars in thirty or forty years . but here ' s the problem : do you want to wait thirty or forty years to be rich ? hell no ! you want the money now - so you can enjoy it . it ' s hard to make use of your fortune when you ' re seventy years old in a wheelchair . if you could make a million dollars in the next few years , what would you do with it ? where would you travel ? what kind of car would you buy ? the fact is . . . youth is the best time to be rich . if your goal is to make quick profits in the market , volatility is your ally , and stability your enemy . you want to see those large upswings , two hundred points in a day , followed by the four hundred point crash a week later . you don ' t care if the market went up or down 20 % this year as long it was unstable . that ' s how you ' re going to make the money . what i ' m talking about here is day trading . my father invests the traditional way ; he holds some good stocks and he goes up 30 k and down 30 k . in the long term of 5 - 10 years he makes money . the day trader buys or sells 5 , 000 shares of xyz for a $ 25 , 000 profit in a 5 - 10 minute trade . he acts quickly , taking advantage of all the information at his disposal about a certain stock , and estimating whether it will go up or down within hours , sometimes within minutes . i can teach you how to do this - and how to make amazing amounts of money at it . it ' s not rocket science , and you only need to learn a few basic principles to get started . society would have you believe that successful trading is complicated and requires formal training . the truth is , wealthy people use very simple investment strategies to make money . popular media and investment professionals portray successful trading as difficult and complex to scare you out of the boxing ring . they don ' t want the competetion - and they sure as hell don ' t want you paying a few dollars to an online trading firm to execute a trade for which they ' d charge you forty or fifty dollars . they make their money only if you believe two lies : 1 ) that investing is too difficult and risky for the average person . 2 ) that using an investment adviser who charges a high commission is safer than trading online for a few bucks per trade . here is what the financial gurus in today ' s society absolutely , positively do not want you to know . . . the strategies for profitable day trading are in fact so simple that anyone can do it - provided they spend a few hours of studying . after reading over 200 financial books and publications during the past decade , and after using day trading to successfully make more than four million dollars in the stock market , i ' ve learned the following lessons : * * achieving financial success is incredibly simple . * * anyone can do it . * * it only takes a few hours to learn . when i discovered the secret to day trading , i didn ' t become wealthy overnight . if you want instant cash , drive to wal - mart . buy a ski mask and a shotgun , and rob your local bank . the only way to get rich , quick or otherwise , is through hard work , knowledge , and determination . after learning the fundamentals of day trading , i started practicing the trading art itself , and the first few weeks brought modest gains . the next few months gave me the practical experience i needed to really earn a living , and i was pulling close to a six figure income . in less than three years with no formal financial training , minimal effort and only moderate risk , i had made my first million . the knowledge that i gained during those formative trading years i am willing to share with you in my new book , the master trader . you will learn from my mistakes , and from my successes , as i teach you the simple , secret formula for day trading that i ' ve used profitably year after year . the income of the day trader can be staggering . thousands , even hundreds of thousands of dollars can be made or lost within minutes . the difference between making money and losing your shirt is simply this : knowledge . i will provide that knowledge , and i will give you a winning edge at this high - stakes game . average income of a day trader : 5 % average an income in excess of $ 500 , 000 per year 22 % average an income in excess of $ 250 , 000 per year 35 % average an income in excess of $ 100 , 000 per year . 27 % average an income between $ 50 , 000 and $ 99 , 999 per year 11 % average an income between $ 20 , 000 and $ 49 , 999 per year after reading the master trader , you will discover extremely profitable , simple yet powerful trading methods that give you an almost unfair trading advantage and make you win despite the current market weakness . here is just a snippet of what i will teach you : * * * make money whether a stock goes up or down . * * * learn how to get in and out of stocks within split seconds . * * * learn exactly what stocks to trade , the exact price to buy them and the exact price to sell them . * * * save thousands of dollars by learning to avoid the mistakes beginners make . * * * learn how to trade stocks like a pro and how to make money consistently in every market ! * * * learn proven strategies that give you the highest chance for great success . * * * profit on huge intraday price swings . * * * make money on the biggest news stories . * * * actively manage your risks and learn how to realize maximum returns . * * * learn how to use the tools and information wall street professionals use . * * * learn how to develop and maintain a winning state of mind . it ' s time to ask yourself : " am i going to listen to the professionals who say buy buy buy but never sell ? or am i going to take control of my own financial future , and start making money right now in the stock market ? " who is looking out for your best economic interests - some wealthy wall street stockbroker , or yourself ? with the master trader e - book , you will learn everything you need to know in order to get started with day trading . . . from choosing the best broker in order to take advantage of the lowest commissions and instant order executions to professional trading strategies that make professional traders millions of dollars . the master trader e - book is the most comprehensive yet easy to understand and straight - forward book ever written about active trading . if you are serious about success in short term stock trading - order today and start paving the road to your own financial future . oh , and remember that scraggly kid in the eighth grade ? his high school friends laughed when he said he was going to make money in the stock market . six years later , he bought a beach - front home on the california coast - with cash . oops , they weren ' t laughing anymore . in a rollercoaster market like we have today , day trading is the fastest track to wealth . if you ' re looking for a long - term retirement investment with no risk that goes up 5 % a year , then by all means , this ain ' t your kind of game . but if you want the quickest possible way to make a fortune in the market , with the lowest element of risk , then order the master trader e - book right now . i promise to teach you all of the secrets that helped me become a millionaire through successful day trading . you don ' t need to know anything about the market , and anyone can do it , with minimum effort . it ' s an easy game to win if you know how the pieces move . order the master trader e - book right now for only $ 49 . 97 by clicking on the link below : http : / / 4 tools 4 life . com / qs our company is strictly opposed to unsolicited emails . to be removed from this list , please send an email to " bulkexpert @ yahoo . com "  
2	Subject: 2001 world energy congress the 2001 world energy congress has extended a formal invitation enron to act as the chairman of the energy e commerce round table . this years congress will be held in buenos aires october 21 st through october 25 th and the specific round table discussion will occur wednesday october 24 , 2001 from 4 : 00 pm to 5 : 00 pm . joe kishkill and orlando gonzales have asked me to discuss this opportunity with you and seek out your interest in representing enron as the chairman of the round table . in the event this is inconvenient for they have suggested greg piper as well . based upon your desire we will advance with securing this opportunity . i have summarised enron ' s strategic interest below to give you a sense of the nature and importance of the event itself . enron south american companies in argentina , bolivia , brazil argentina tgs pipeline argentina modesto maranzana power plant bolivia transredes pipeline brazil ceg / riogas gas distribution brazil cuiaba power plant brazil electrobolt power plant brazil electro power distribution company brazil southern and northern gas ldcs significant commercial resources committed to the liberalisation and commercialisation of the south american energy market sao paulo commercial office buenos aires commercial office critical point in energy market liberalisation driven by today ' s brazilian energy crisis argentine economic crisis chairman of e commerce round table for the advancement of cultural and commercial acceptance of commodity e commerce chairman to be named participants david clementz , president , chevron information technology co . & chevron e - business development co . , usa craig hodges , vice president , global marketing , chemical & petroleum industry , ibm corporation , usa laszlo kapolyi , ceo & chairman of the board , system consulting corporation , hungary carlos pappier , e - business director , tenaris , argentina enron ' s status of participation in the world energy congress enron has budgeted $ 150 , 000 for the participation in the world energy congress enron has a reserved an exhibition space of 100 square meters enron will host one private reception for 100 key energy and political leaders and various smaller group meetings enron participation is expected to be approximately 20 local , regional and international representatives please advise how you wish to proceed . regards mfg 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: brand new software microsoft office xp professional with sp 2 - $ 49 . 95 http : / / serviceman . jetlow . com / i do begin to have bloody thoughts . silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute . believe one who has proved it . believe an expert . 
2	Subject: your visa is good for two hundred and fifty bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + congratulations you may receive a mystery prize . please * see website for details + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from rollinginthedough . info . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from rollinginthedough . info in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: get gold - bait - excelled @ em . cas higher spending limit having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . dear bait - excelled @ em . ca , we want to give you the credit card you need . with your new first premier bank credit card , you can re - build your credit . our program is designed to help you re - establish your credit . by making on time payments and keeping your balance under the limit , you may be able to improve your credit score while you enjoy . . . low fixed apr on purchases 24 hour account access by phone monthly reporting to 4 major credit bureaus re - building better and stronger credit is in your hands - do not wait any longer ! click here to apply today ! thank you , dan nicholson senior credit manager this was sent to you on behalf of first premier bank by funsurveypromos . com , a marketing partner of first premier bank . to indicate that you would rather not be contacted by funsurveypromos . com , please follow the information below . to indicate that you would rather not be contacted by first premier bank , visit our website or write to us at : first premier bank , 900 w . delaware st . , sioux falls , sd 57104 . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: assistance from : ahmed seiko email : ahmed _ se @ arabtop . net dubai - uae dear friend , i am ahmed from zaire , presently known as democratic republic of congo . i am the son of late maramotto sese seiko , the former central bank governor , during the regime of his immediate senior brother , late president mobutu sese seiko of zaire , republic of congo . i got your contact from chambers of commerce and industry here in dubai . as a result of my discrete search for a reliable foreign partner , i am delighted to confront you based on a profile conviction about your experience in investment programmed . i now decided to write you as well as to let you know that i need your assistance in helping me to invest my money . in fact , i left my country with a reasonable amount of money , which belongs to my late father during the time of war in my country when the present government , controlled by president laurent kabila , who sent my uncle away from the presidential seat , and my father was shot by the rebels , i managed to leave the country with the sum of ( us . $ 14 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) fourteen million dollars , which is with me here in dubai , in cash as well . hoping you will respond to my call to assist me in investing this money , because i am totally ignorant of investment and i was in school when the war broke out in my country . for your assistance and co - operation , i have decided to bequeath to you , 15 % of the total sum involved and 5 % mapped out for any miscellaneous expenses that we may incur during the process of transferring this money to your country . moreover , it is risk free in the sense that i have taken proper care of all the formalities regarding to this transaction . i am presently 26 years of age and should not be expected to withdraw this fund from the security firm where it was deposited for safekeeping till i am convinced that you can accommodate the money . the bottom line is that we need to meet here in dubai to arrange on the relocation of the funds to your country . items on the things i want are : 1 . helping me to bank the money in a safe account . 2 . help me to get residential papers and giving me directions as to what to invest on . please reply me on this email address ( ahmed _ se @ arabtop . net ) as soon as you receive my message to enable me finalize with the security company , where i deposited it for safekeeping . best regards , ahmed sese seiko 
2	Subject: paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr : no examinantions for mba celebrate your life - achiements with a university degree or diploma . get the recognition for what you already know ! awards can also be granted for the purpose of honoring those who exemplify the ideals of higher education through their significant achievements and contributions to business and society in their respective geographic area . for a doctorate or masters of business administration , a previous university education may not be required for persons with extensive experience in any field related to civil service , business administration , management , finance , healthcare , military , etc . it takes only 14 days if you start today , yes ! read more click here to fill out a simple nomination form to stop future advertisement click hereyour email address is : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr a certified diploma , degree or a second degree will make your clients have more confidence in your abilities , bring you more businesses or job promotion . . . . and more money in your pocket in the long - run . if you already have the knowledge and experience in your job but you do not just have the time to attend formal classes for the required paper certificate , this program will linked you up with private institutions that can help you obtain a diploma or degree you desire without committing your time and big money to pursuing paper certification . don ' t get stuck in one place . . join 1000 s of others getting recorgnition in this way thank you .  
2	Subject: re : interest david , please , call shirley crenshaw ( my assistant ) , extension 5 - 5290 to set it up . vince david p dupre 06 / 15 / 2000 05 : 18 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : interest what time ( s ) are you available over the next few days ? thanks david 3 - 3528 vince j kaminski 06 / 15 / 2000 05 : 16 pm to : david p dupre / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : interest david , please , stop by to chat about it for a few minutes . vince david p dupre 06 / 15 / 2000 11 : 57 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : interest may we meet to discuss my interest in joining your group ? i have a strong quantitative discipline and am highly numerate . thanks david 3 - 3528 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david p dupre / hou / ect on 06 / 15 / 2000 11 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : david p dupre / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : interest vince kaminski 
2	Subject: cera web call replay now available on powe crisis in california - september 28 , 2000 for those of you that did not get a chance to listen in on the conference call . lorna - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 09 / 29 / 2000 04 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " webmaster @ cera . com " < webmaster on 09 / 28 / 2000 01 : 57 : 57 pm to : cc : subject : cera web call replay now available - september 28 , 2000 power crisis in california : reregulation or redesign ? ( cera web call replay september 28 , 2000 ) authors : north american power team , western energy team e - mail category : multimedia product lines : north american power , western energy url : for north american power clients : ? for western energy clients : ? http : / / eprofile . cera . com / client / ce / media . cfm in a september 11 , 2000 , cera multimedia conference call and web presentation , larry makovich , cera senior director , mike zenker , cera director , and peter moritzburke , cera associate discuss : power crisis in california : reregulation or redesign ? * tracing the problem : structural flaws and strong fundamentals * possible paths for california * lessons learned and implications for other markets to view and listen to a replay of this presentation , please click on the link above . * * end * * account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: re : august spot tickets vance , please note the following deal tickets have been created and entered in sitara . thanks . bob vance l taylor 07 / 28 / 2000 09 : 33 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect subject : august spot tickets bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of august . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price sitara deal # whiting petroleum corp 6523 200 mmbtu / d 91 % if / hsc 348374 engage energy us , lp 5923 775 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 24 348390 engage energy us , lp 5848 240 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 24 348396 swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 90 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 258 348412 additionally , this are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: re : walium wlagra ciallls hello , would you like to spend less on your medlcaatlons ? visit pharmacybymall storee and save over 75 % with us . va u ag c is ll mvl ra lal xandmanyother have a nice day . p . s . you will be pleasantly surprised with ouur prices !  
2	Subject: do you want to know the secret of success in sexual life ? easy , convenient and discreet - order prescription drugs online . http : / / jcs . vsyohwd 6 a 5 dlhev . lagbekc . net goals are dreams with deadlines . if you would be loved , love and be lovable . i have always depended on the kindness of strangers . 
2	Subject: average eol and non - eol deals per day fyi - we are now distributing the " john lavorato " report to all of the desk heads per jeff shankman . and . . . . now lavorato wants it for power as well . good thing i found someone to fill our vacancy on the reporting team ! sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 06 / 19 / 2000 03 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : matt motsinger 06 / 19 / 2000 03 : 29 pm to : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , fletcher j sturm / hou / ect @ ect , john arnold / hou / ect @ ect , scott neal / hou / ect @ ect cc : jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect @ ect , torrey moorer / hou / ect @ ect subject : average eol and non - eol deals per day as requested by jeff shankman , here are the average eol and non - eol deals broken out by month and region since enrononline launch ( 11 / 29 / 99 ) . region breakout is based on deal location and pub code . this report will be sent out at the beginning of each week . it will include data as of the last business day of previous week . if you have any further questions , please contact torrey moorer x 36218 or myself x 35221 . matt motsinger enrononline 
2	Subject: want me on top ? 189643322211 put these nasty sluts to the test ! free access ! ! heavy hard and free ! nothing to loose ! ! click here , no membership required ! it ' s free note : 84221111000 
2	Subject: summer offer bhala , i double checked with hr , and the offer you received is in line with what we are offering to other graduate level summer interns . if you have better offers , i certainly wouldn ' t hold it against you for taking them over what we are offering , but we can ' t really justify raising the offer at this time . we can re - imburse you for shipping expenses up to a reasonable amount , say $ 500 , if you need to ship things down . you can just save the receipts for these expenses and shirley can fill out the necessary expense forms . best regards , stinson 
2	Subject: fw : hbs case study fyi - - - - - - original message - - - - - from : meg wozny sent : tuesday , april 03 , 2001 10 : 00 am to : jafry , rahil subject : re : hbs case study hi rahil , i ' m attaching two enrononline cases that were put into our system couple of weeks ago . the second , short case , is a classroom handout that summarizes eol ' s success and signals new challenges . just fyi - - we are now developing a multimedia eol case , which will be released on cd rom . it will have links to video interviews with jeff , ken and louise . we are very happy with our enron cases ; they will most likely become bestsellers . it was a great learning experience for me and prof . bartlett , and you were a big part of that experience . thank you so much for all your help ! please feel free to call me if you have any questions or need anything else . regards , meg - 301085 . doc - 301102 . doc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - meg glinska wozny research associate harvard business school gallatin lounge c soldiers field boston , ma 02163 voicemail : ( 617 ) 496 - 0802 facsimile : ( 617 ) 496 - 6943 email : mwozny @ hbs . edu 
2	Subject: low - cost prescripiton pills crosslink bach busch banbury desiderata bricklaying garrison locate your prescription immediately ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! all your pills in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now amber tidy brittany skyscrape deacon larkin macdonald  
2	Subject: buy cheap pharmaceuticals through us ! image not loading ? , click here  
2	Subject: the debt - $ aver program skyxtgm copyright 2002 - all rights reservedif you would no longer like us to contact you or feel that you havereceived this email in error , please click here to unsubscribe . 
2	Subject: express pipeline partnership we have received an executed eei master power and purchase and sale agreement dated 6 / 28 / 2001 from the referenced cp . copies will be given to legal and credit . 
2	Subject: temporary space address in tokyo ej will be located on the 14 th floor kamiyacho mori building , 14 th floor 4 - 3 - 20 toranomon minato - ku tokyo 105 - 0001 japan 81 - ( 0 ) 3 - 5404 - 3400 ( this is the regus phone line . . . we will have ej phone numbers by monday ) 
2	Subject: fw : enron mentions hi l everytime you do this ( get promoted , listed in fortune etc . ) you set the bar higher and higher . it ' s good to see the progress you ' ve made . well done - very pleased for you . ok - goal for next year - take that top spot from carly fiorina ! ! best wishes to marcus and scott . amita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : omar , awais sent : tuesday 02 october 2001 15 : 22 to : gosalia , amita subject : fw : enron mentions - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nelson , dennis sent : 02 october 2001 15 : 18 to : romano , marcello ; omar , awais subject : fw : enron mentions [ dn ] thought you guys might appreciate this most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year business wire , 10 / 01 / 01 most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 drop in natural - gas prices may be good for consumers but hinder new production by alexei barrionuevo staff reporter of the wall street journal 10 / 02 / 2001 the wall street journal c 7 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) in the wake of last month ' s terrorist attacks , natural - gas prices have slid below $ 2 per million british thermal units , frustrating any hopes that prices will rebound this year to levels that would encourage more investment in natural - gas projects . analysts predict that with prices at current levels , projects to bring more liquefied natural gas into the u . s . could be shelved or canceled . natural - gas prices , which reached highs of nearly $ 10 per million btus last december , had held to around $ 3 to $ 5 per million btus for much of the year . at $ 2 per million btus and below , producers have a hard time justifying exploration and new production . analysts blamed the drop on weak industrial demand , fueled by the struggling chemicals and metals industries and by weaker electric - utility demand . nearby november futures fell 36 cents yesterday to $ 2 . 208 on the new york mercantile exchange . in the boston area , however , different concerns could lead to higher prices for that region . last week , the u . s . coast guard , under pressure from local lawmakers , indefinitely banned lng tankers from entering boston harbor . lng makes up 15 % of new england ' s gas supply and nearly half of its supply on very cold days . the coast guard and department of transportation are studying concerns that a lng tanker could become a bomb for terrorists . already , relative to other areas , natural - gas prices have inched higher in new england , where natural - gas pipeline constraints have long hampered the market . the spread between prices in new england and the gulf coast widened last week by 30 cents to $ 1 . 30 per million btus , said a spokeswoman for distrigas , a unit of belgium ' s tractebel sa . but the lack of lng isn ' t likely to become a big issue until winter hits and natural - gas storage is used up . richard grant , ceo of distrigas , says lng has a 30 - year safety record at the company ' s everett , mass . , terminal . while lng is flammable , he says it is unlikely to explode . he adds that " there are a lot of things being said right now that are just not factual . but until we answer the concerns , we won ' t be able to bring a ship in here . " deutsche banc alex . brown was among several brokerage firms downgrading fourth - quarter projections for natural - gas prices last week . " prior to sept . 11 , we were seeing signs that a lot of industrial demand was coming back , " said jay saunders , a deutsche banc analyst . " but all that is out the window now . " deutsche banc is now estimating a 20 % drop in winter demand in the industrial sector , which accounts for more than a quarter of total u . s . natural - gas consumption . the slack demand has resulted in supplies that have practically overflowed storage , which is on pace to be full by the end of october . while prices that are close to historical levels are good for consumers , such low prices could scare many producers away from making investments to ensure future natural - gas demand is met . lower prices have already led energy companies to slow their drilling and some firms , such as eog resources inc . , plan to moderate production in the next two months . gas drilling - rig counts fell to 953 last week from 1 , 030 at the end of august . even with the increased natural - gas drilling of earlier this year , overall natural - gas supply is expected to increase just 1 % this year , as the country ' s mature wells continue to be depleted faster than companies can replace them . the tight supply picture has analysts optimistic that prices will rebound next year amid lower interest rates , increased defense and relief spending and returning consumer confidence . still , the downturn could cause some firms to rethink or postpone projects to import gas in a liquid form . with prices high last winter , el paso corp . and enron corp . , among others , said they would build a dozen or so receiving terminals for liquefied natural gas , which is gas compressed and frozen to minus - 260 degrees fahrenheit . " you will see some cancellations and some delays , " predicts marshall adkins , an analyst with raymond james & associates in houston . natural - gas prices need to average $ 3 per million btus on the east coast and $ 3 . 50 on the west coast to justify bringing in lng to those areas , said ronald barone , an analyst with ubs warburg . a spokeswoman for el paso , houston , says the company is moving forward with at least three terminals for the u . s . market . enron said it is also pushing ahead with a terminal in the bahamas that would pipe the gas to florida starting in 2004 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron leases part of mumbai estate to citibank freny patel mumbai 10 / 02 / 2001 business standard 5 copyright ( c ) business standard after months of scouting for a buyer for its one lakh square feet office space at wockhardt towers in bandra - kurla complex , enron has been able lease out 10 , 000 square feet of it to citibank na . against an expected realisation from rs 130 crore for the outright sale of its four floors , enron will get around rs 1 . 2 crore a year by leasing out one floor to citibank . the deal was struck recently by the global real estate consultant , cushman & wakefield , at a monthly rental of rs 100 per square foot . with property prices in mumbai having slumped and with no reprieve expected in the short run , companies are increasingly opting to lease space instead of blocking funds in illiquid assets . property consultants say that if enron manages to lease out the entire four floors , it will be easier for it to sell the property to a buyer , as the buyer would be assured of a fixed income . enron had eyed a deal of rs 130 crore when it mandated global real estate consultants to sell the premises at around rs 12 , 000 per square foot . this is despite the fact that real estate at bandra kurla currently fetches rs 8 , 000 to rs 9 , 000 per square feet . in june 2000 , the us energy giant had shelled out rs 125 . 75 crore when it acquired the four floors , plus car park space , from wockhardt , the pharmaceutical company . the deal was struck at rs 10 , 500 per sq ft , and included parking space for 101 cars . industry sources said that enron had spent a sum close to rs 150 crore to acquire the property , and pay for the interior furnishings of two of the four floors it had acquired . in order for it to break even , it would have had to sell its real estate at the rate of rs 13 , 000 per square foot . four to five global real estate consultants have been appointed by enron for the sale of its premises . a leading consultant said that it has been difficult to find any buyers for such a large property . " most international buyers prefer to take property on lease instead of an outright purchase , " he added . moreover , the inefficiency of the building in terms of the super built - up area is another reason why corporate entities are not too eager to acquire the premises , and enron ' s proposition continues to go abegging , said the consultant . copyright ? 2000 dow jones ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia contact : for fortune terry mcdevitt , 212 / 522 - 4788 terry _ mcdevitt @ timeinc . com carrie welch , 212 / 522 - 6724 carrie _ welch @ timeinc . com caroline plauche , 212 / 522 - 2134 caroline _ plauche @ timeinc . com 12 : 24 edt october 1 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: barely of age and ready for your company click here to be removed  
2	Subject: november avails revision - mid - continent fyi . . . . . . . . . . bev - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 07 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " steve holmes " 10 / 23 / 2000 08 : 35 am to : cc : subject : november avails revision - mid - continent the mid - continent availabilities have been revised and are shown on the attached spreadsheet . steve - enronavailsl 100 . xls 
2	Subject: bigger , fuller breasts naturally in just weeks . . . . . . . mwnk for women ages 13 to 60 plus . . . . as seen on tv . . . . safely make your breasts bigger and fuller in the privacy of your own home . guaranteed quick results click here for full report ugwwlrlujryqgveswijfmhb - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: priority customer list attached is the customer priority list . this is intended to be the " pre - approved " list for companies to be ready on launch day and includes us and canadian entities in gas and power . i have most recently been told that individual legal names are not wanted in this list - only group names . if individual legal names are needed , let me know - i can provide the list that way as well . note that there are about 25 more names on this list than the list previously supplied to credit . it appears a number of canadian companies some non - online companies were not included in the original list . this most recent list includes these names and provides an order of priority for them . i will be sending another list later , which will identify the type of master agreement priority for each ( isda , physical gas , physical power ) dave 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: be a man satisfied customers testimonials jimmy - - - - 47 , male , uk what you claim is wrong . my sperm volume didn ' t increase by 500 % . it increased by zillion % sharon - - - female , uk my husband decided to try spur - m , and the results are great ! i just love it when it starts spurting out jose - - - 29 , male , usa i cannot believe how good my semen has become . it is a thick blob that shoots like a rocket . my wife says she can feel the force with which my semen hits her inside , which earlier she couldn ' t even feel . i don ' t know about other customers but i am lovin it . michael - - - 41 , male , hong kong i always dreamt of shooting like a porn star and i can do it now , my girl cannot eat as much as i can shoot . my wife and i had been looking for a product to help with boosting male fertility . i am happy to say that test results have improved in the time i have been using spur - m ( 2 months ) . thank you for your assistance , and for the supply of spur - m m . rosenberg , nyc , usa http : / / joseph . chorally . com / spur / ? sheep not interested , pls go here http : / / hare . degradedly . com / rm . php  
2	Subject: porn p . o . : your 10 free pictures are here ! nakedmail is now porn p . o . ! below is the latest installment of free adult images from porn p . o . - brand new free pictures ! click this link to see the images : http : / / 65 . 59 . 170 . 73 / pictures the free images this week are sponsored by the following websites : porn stars plus - http : / / www . pornstarsplus . com / pt  pmb 8834 voted best pornstar site 3 years running . xxx video plex - http : / / www . xxxvideoplex . com / pt  pmb 8834 / over 1 million video streams and more . toon megaplex - http : / / www . toonmegaplex . com / pt  pmb 8834 massive facials and sexy hardcore toon action . past 40 - http : / / www . past 40 . com / pt  pmb 8834 because older ladies really know how to fuck . lezbonet - http : / / www . lezbo . net / pt  pmb 8834 pussy lickin ' good ! 225 , 000 video streams included . internet eraser - http : / / www . nakedmail . com / pictures / banners / eraser . html your internet usage is being tracked ! download internet erase to protect your privacy . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - also sponsored this week by http : / / www . dvdxxxvideo . com featuring mr . 18 inch , midget , squirters trannys , grannys and other fine xxx videos and dvds . even east indian movies ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - thanks for subscribing to porn p . o . ( nakedmail ) . if you ever want to unsubscribe , click the link below and you will be removed within 48 hours . if the link is temporarily unavailable , reply to this email with the word " unsubscribe " in the subject line . to be unsubscribed from the porn p . o . mailing list simply click on the link below  
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination julie , the texas city plant will have a unit down until late friday night or early saturday morning . i will send the weekend nomination this afternoon . > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: fw : williams energy williams will have weather model and research material several minutes before the general market . universities receive the data before the market and this alliance will get the weather data to williams as if they were part of the university . any thoughts ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ryan , david sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 11 : 45 am to : presto , kevin m . subject : williams energy this is size . . . . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bennett , steve sent : monday , august 27 , 2001 9 : 23 am to : hamilton , tony ; ryan , david ; pace , andy ; decook , todd subject : i ' m sure you ' ve seen this . . . williams signs $ 10 million weather and climate research alliance with the university of oklahoma august 27 , 2001 09 : 02 : 00 am et increased accuracy of weather prediction technology provides significant economic advantages for energy industry leader tulsa , okla . , aug . 27 / prnewswire / - - a unit of williams wmb today announced a $ 10 million strategic alliance with the university of oklahoma ( ou ) to enhance weather and climate research , technology development , and undergraduate and graduate meteorology education . this commercial arrangement , the largest of its kind in the u . s . between a private corporation and a university meteorology program , is a mutually beneficial agreement that allows ou to expand its top - tier meteorology programs while williams receives exclusive weather analysis and forecasting tools . this will give williams a globally competitive advantage in energy marketing and trading , while related educational and research activities are expected to produce for williams the nation ' s most qualified meteorologists and weather impact decision makers . " this is a partnership between business and higher education where both parties benefit , " keith e . bailey , williams chairman , president and ceo , said . " this alliance provides williams access to weather research and technology that is dramatically superior than traditional government weather services and customized to williams ' unique needs . with weather being the number one driver of volatility in gas and power markets , we expect to see a significant return on our investment . " " this history making agreement between williams and the university of oklahoma ' s school of meteorology , a national leader in its field , is a dramatic demonstration of the power of a private sector - university partnership in the creation of economic productivity and growth , and the expansion of knowledge , " said ou president david l . boren . " i predict that this alliance will become a national model for joining together american international leadership in higher education with private sector creativity and vitality . we are deeply grateful for the confidence placed in this outstanding program at the university by williams . " highlights of this expansive agreement include : * unique , advanced weather and climate prediction capabilities tailored by the university of oklahoma ' s weather programs specifically for williams ' weather - sensitive businesses . * a grant of $ 8 . 1 million over five years to fund research in advanced weather analysis and prediction at the center for analysis and prediction of storms ( caps ) . this includes funding for a supercomputer that will be most powerful among all big - 12 institutions . * a grant of $ 1 . 6 million over five years to fund regional climate research at the cooperative institute for mesoscale meteorological studies . this money will bring to ou the most advanced climate system model in the world , and will fund research scientists as well as graduate and undergraduate students . * gifts to create the williams endowed chair , an advanced student computer laboratory , funding for three williams fellows in the master of science in professional meteorology degree in the school of meteorology and a gift to the oklahoma climatological survey . " we believe the outcome of this partnership will yield a world class suite of weather forecast and analysis products suited for use in the energy marketing and trading industry , " says denise russell , director of market analysis at williams ' energy marketing and trading unit , who , in 1998 began to hire ou meteorology graduates . " we also will have a valuable pipeline for new technological and human resource capabilities with which to maintain these developments . " according to dr . john snow , dean of the ou college of geosciences and director of oklahoma weather center programs , the school of meteorology , has already begun to aggressively recruit some of the nation ' s top graduate students as part of the new partnership , and will expand this effort in the next several months now that the contracts are signed . " through this alliance with williams , the university of oklahoma has obtained the resources necessary to continue generating new knowledge , defining the global standard for weather technology and developing outstanding graduates , all while bringing new jobs and opportunities to oklahoma in weather - related fields , " says snow . the williams / ou alliance was made possible through technology advances in computing resources and the enactment of oklahoma state questions 680 and 681 , which provide for the establishment of commercial entities that are licensed for the exclusive right to commercialize the technology developed within research and development sections of universities . about williams wmb williams , through its subsidiaries , connects businesses to energy , delivering innovative , reliable products and services . williams information is available at www . williams . com . portions of this document may constitute " forward - looking statements " as defined by federal law . although the company believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions , there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different . any such statements are made in reliance on the " safe harbor " protections provided under the private securities reform act of 1995 . additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in the company ' s annual reports filed with the securities and exchange commission . make your opinion count - click here ? 2001 prnewswire 
2	Subject: re : eletrobolt - opic press release this is actually quite amazing . 9 % non - recource in brazil . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 7 : 46 am to : lavorato , john subject : eletrobolt - opic press release fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2001 07 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ranabir dutt / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 19 / 2001 03 : 41 pm to : joseph deffner / enron @ enronxgate cc : ben glisan / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron subject : eletrobolt - opic press release joe : we have got the opic board approval for a $ 190 mm project finance loan to eletrobolt . attached is a press release that opic would like to release related to the project . our ' s in one of three projects . this press release has been reviewed by the pr group ( keith miceli ) . opic expects to release it later today or tomorrow . ranabir > 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020209 . txt 
2	Subject: etc - local event - rodeo and carnival tickets the travel club has tickets for the upcoming rodeo performances . at 11 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . margaret doucette and zelda paschal will be selling these tickets at the info - zone on the plaza level next to the down escalator tomorrow , next tuesday , wednesday and thursday . tickets will be sold in even lots only per performance , no odd numbers please . first come first served . cash or check will be accepted . tickets for rodeo performances are $ 12 . 00 ea . carnival tickets are $ 50 . 00 per book a $ 98 . 75 value and available from houston livestock show & rodeo members only . there are no dixie chicks or george strait tickets . 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: wall - street dtoi universe bong prostheses + + + investor edge weekly dtoi + + + " where investors always win " 570 % gains last month don ' t miss our pick for all week coming up , " dtoi " will be hot all week get it immediately monday morning , a big promotion will begin friday evening followed up by a huge fax campaign starting tuesday . big profits all week . breaking news for dtoi - this stock is about to explode on monday . dtoi current price is 15 cents we expect it hits 40 - 60 cents in the very near future just put the stock on your screens and watch it soar . our last profile was bmxg and it went from 40 cents to $ 2 - now its time for dtoi - get on board today dtoi is producing the air spring axle revolutionizes suspension design for small and medium trailers . whether you are a trailer manufacturer , a rental manufacturers , a rental fleet owner or prospective trailer buyer , the air spring axle offers superior performance to traditional axle designs . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - symbol : dtoi current price : $ 0 . 15 we expect 10 day target price of 45 cents + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - breaking news : plantation , fla . , - dtomi , inc . , a nevada corporation ( " dtomi " ) ( dtoi ) , announced today that a prototype of a motorcycle trailer fitted with its air spring axle ( tm ) is being evaluated by a major motorcycle manufacturer . the air spring axle ( tm ) is an innovative , patented suspension that provides the benefits of an air suspension and also allows a trailer to be lowered to ground level to simplify loading and unloading . john haddock , ceo of dtomi said , " we are obviously very pleased this evaluation is underway especially as we believe the unique attributes of the air spring axle ( tm ) make it an ideal choice for trailers designed to transport motorcycles . by eliminating long , steep and narrow ramps , the air spring axle ( tm ) makes loading motorcycles faster , easier and less physically demanding . " each year , over 500 , 000 motorcycles are sold with engine capacities greater than 651 cc , so the opportunity is very significant " , added haddock - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stock symbol : dtoi current price : $ 0 . 15 we expect 10 day target price of 45 cents + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - we highly recoomend dtoi , get it immediate for explosive gains , don ' t pass this one up + + + + + + + get it monday at the open + + + + + + + + information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of dtoi shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid 21800 from third party ( tripromoconsult report ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " " speculative target price " and " intend " or similar terms . muscled capacitate 
2	Subject: anaiyst deiivers best market piay report yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 22 watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been reaily moving lately . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of 10 o % , 20 o % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap international inc . ( otc : ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a letter of intent with lmb technoiogies inc . for an exciusive license to its proprietary voip technologies for the geographic region of the caribbean . subject to the conclusion of a definitive agreement , yap would provide lmb technologies inc . with exclusive access to market , distribute and re - | icense the stabie of voip related and products being developed by yap .   the caribbean market is growing in terms of it   s access to the benefits of voip technologies . access to this market is very important to the continued growth of yap and we are pleased to potentiaily partner with a company seeking to exploit this market and gain market share for yap products in a developing region   , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | . a mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . will ypil join the ranks of steilar performers ? about the company : yap internationa | , inc . is a multi - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biilion teiephones woridwide , but specificaily , the internationa | ca | | ing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sateilite , and has wireiess capabiiities . the company ' s nameistrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypil information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statem ! ents are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market ! for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers sho ! uid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , should be compieted prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 35 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: interview with enron dear mr . kaminski , ? even though i cannot pass " official " interviews , i would like to discuss with enron . i was really impressed by your presentation and i think i would be a good fit for your firm . ? i know that you ? will be soon recruiting on campus , maybe we could set up an " informal meeting " . either give me a call at home ( 412 - 802 - 6429 ) or send me an email at this address . i would appreciate though not to appear on interview lists . ? pierre - philippe ste - marie http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for sept . 13 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 938 / enron 
2	Subject: better - quality prescripiton pills plagioclase core chaplaincy need a prescribed medication ? we have it ! we have all pills you may well require ! all your pills in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now inductee byroad butene alacrity meteoritic abernathy textron  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122511 . txt 
2	Subject: friendly notification this is our absolute attempt we have tried to speak to you on quite a few possibilities and we hope for you reply this time ! your current home loan certifies you for up to a 3 . 40 % lower rate . however , based on the fact that our previous attempts to speak to you were unsuccessful , this will be our last try to finalize the lower rate . please bring to an end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now . application here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: surprise ! cool video por , no teens site hello , i am katie bang videos is absolutely new ( december 2004 ) teen porno video site . a whole pay site of only teens on video . but it all teens that you can imagine ! girls fucking , sucking , masturbating , liking , stripping , fingering and caressing themselves as they get really worked up and then get off . there are all sorts of girls from the nice girl next door to hot dripping sluts , they fuck with guys , toys and each other - and all of this is highest quality videos . all content and girls is absolutely exclusive , and recorded specially for bang videos best regards , katie parsons  
2	Subject: briefing paper - ferc ' s june 19 west - wide price mitigation order please find attached a detailed briefing paper on the captioned order . ray alvarez 
2	Subject: online trading . . . ( enron mention ) please find attached the following article / s : ' new chemconnect stirs the pot ' - chemical week kind regards , kuldeep chana 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122823 . txt 
2	Subject: g hodges nymex brokers _ 102401 . xls louise , here is the nymex schedule georganne will be discussing with you . greg x 35399 
2	Subject: server update fri , 01 jul 2005 . subject : server update fri , 01 jul 2005 . thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store - now we have more latest version of programs . our full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at web - site http : / / triangulum . tabloidez . com / we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . with best wishes , managing director . . ceo lakeisha saenz latest news : despite fears of mad cow , grillers get set for holiday stewart  s first win at daytona worth the wait | video http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 4999736 / lai : amazing start for armstrong in tour | images http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 3303540 / idaho girl found ; brother feared dead  
2	Subject: briana mcintyre wed , 20 jul 2005 02 : 25 : 12 + 04003 hello here is the the link to the website we talked about last week , we saved a lot on our meds . please have a look press here thank you trey redmond  
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / go - medz . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / go - medz . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: write me back please lungs rumbles absinthe downplay palestine vergil spanning millionth parchment currencies axiomatizations cosmetic cliff muslim brenda stencil woodland illusion avalanched comically snack visitors accordions aborigines draining manhood schedules marshals bearers rankin parrs metaphorically bernstein downturn accompanists for anthems coleridge - - phone : 979 - 260 - 8220 mobile : 857 - 252 - 3356 email : trevor . wallace 2002 @ kellychen . com  
2	Subject: bill , just wanted to confirm our meeting in pdx tomorrow @ 1 p . m . the following is just a brief checklist of hafslund ' s current / potential needs / wants on mw ' s ranging in size from 10 to 150 mw : * realtime dispatchability of our firm power contracts . * day ahead parking / lending services at major hubs ( pv , mid c , cali ) * ancillary services bidding from our cogen / qf contracts . * optionality of services . . . i . e . some days hafslund may not need enron ' s services . looking for enron ' s price on the bundled services or individual service . would it be a fixed price per mw ? percentage of power sales per mw ? sliding scale based on mw volume and # of services provided ? etc . . . . let me know if you have questions or concerns or if thursday ' s meeting no longer works for you . regards , scott mckinney hafslund energy trading ( 206 ) 436 - 0640 
2	Subject: ivory ambiien , \ / 1 aagrra , ciall 1 s , xaanax , \ / alilum at cheeap sterna ogler trimurti verticil . xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form unremedied , you pay & we shiip out todayworldwide shippiing moraceous prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) hawkeyed trafficked , undertow horror pretense echeneis preciosity wilig giriama chirology .  
2	Subject: component var tanya , some stability tests were performed on the simulation . ( 1 ) the window size of the averaging in the simulation was changed from 10 to 20 for ng - price ( the biggest book in gas ) for effective date june - 28 . as you can see in the file 28 ng - price _ windowsize , the component var numbers are very similar . ( 2 ) to look at a calculational comparison , i looked at the storage - prc book ( which has no gamma position ) for effective date of 27 th and ( a ) calculated ffvols , and ( b ) calculated the riskmetrics var ( the correlations are very high across the term structure ) and compared to the component var code calculation , and again the two nubers are comparable , given the different modes of calculation . naveen 
2	Subject: we owe you $ 318551 hello , thank you for your m [ ort - gage ] application , which we received yesterday . we are glad to confirm that you can qualify for a 3 . 5 % ra [ t ] e . please fill out the final details within 24 hours to complete the process : http : / / www . bgtcy . com sincerely , lyman steward account manager steward holdings company theme enliven jerome circumcision melodrama askance lawson barycentric possessive hermeneutic rill programming insubstantial benign melodious alveoli bronze cheyenne binary orchis cohesion argillaceous feint blotch pershing roster satire wolcott grape autotransformer bowel deconvolve decent replaceable timetable amble headstand tissue wart acrobacy dad cognizable brush earphone umbilical invigorate drawn coypu holstein buzzy vocabulary stern prognosis bosonic chateaux casein norwegian doggone canvass devote mulligan tyburn jurisprudent demote lithuania shah turnoff anteroom toiletry consolation utterance adore sidewall hindu dispersible anchorage advantage lie maladapt rhodolite sensual narcosis flinty tangent denature featherbrain coccidiosis destinate blister blandish brandenburg finery sponge ersatz glucose teletypewrite bargain blumenthal fernery scoot jeopard freshwater ubiquity congenital thundershower ineffable polonium weir headquarters squatter dolphin earth 
2	Subject: souad mahmassani souad has been cleared for employment with a start date of monday , february 21 , 2000 . she will assume a sr . specialist role in the risk mgmt - physical / financial group . she is scheduled for orientation from 8 - 5 pm , reporting to you tuesday morning . i have contacted souad with her first day instructions . for your set - up purposes , her ss # is 456 . 81 . 6050 . let me know if i can be of further assistance . thanks ! gail 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : koenig , mark sent : tue 9 / 11 / 2001 7 : 59 pm to : kean , steven j . cc : palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; whalley , greg ; rieker , paula subject : re : steve - i would prefer a simple release stating we are " open for business " tomorrow . the " appeal for calm " infers a crisis . mek - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kean , steven j . sent : tue 9 / 11 / 2001 7 : 19 pm to : denne , karen ; koenig , mark ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; kean , steven j . cc : whalley , greg ; derrick jr . , james subject : see draft release for first thing in the am . enron appeals for calm in us natural gas and power markets enron appealed today for calm in us natural gas and power markets . enron will be available to buy and sell natural gas and power both over the phone and through its online platform enrononline . " we see no reason for gas and power markets to panic in the aftermath of yesterday ' s tragedies , " said greg whalley , president and chief operating officer . " these are domestic commodities and the physical infrastructure is secure and operating . " enrononline will be open for gas and power transactions from 7 : 00 am to 12 : 00 noon , cdt to enable market participants to make purchases and sales and adjust their positions as necessary . [ boilerplate ] 
2	Subject: which would you rather do : spend a few hundred bux to buy your diiploma or spend years in school ? hmmm . . . sorry you don ' t have the proper educational qualifications for this job . sound all too familiar ? then you need this : wwwl . frigate . furthersmarter . biz you don ' t like these messages cockcrow . furthersmarter . biz / re 
2	Subject: resume - liz bellamy following is the resume of liz bellamy . liz is currently at txu in the power group , but has gas experience , also . she is deciding whether she wants to relocate with txu to dallas . she would be interested in talking to enron about possible opportunities . her current salary is $ 50 k . please let me know if you would like to interview . 
2	Subject: optimice el rendimiento de su pc en minutos ( al final del mensaje hay informacin sobre cmo borrarse de la lista . ) optimice la velocidad de su pc pc booster contiene todos los secretos para hacer ms rpido su equipo en minutos ,  sin tener que invertir en hardware adicional ! descrguelo ahora instlelo y reljese : pc booster hace todo el trabajo estabiliza su pc y evita bloqueos inicia y apaga windows ms rpido no hay que ser un experto en pc descargue pc booster hoy mismo si no desea recibir ningn otro mensaje , haga clic aqu para cancelar la asistencia ? pngase en contacto con nosotros en : http : / / service . real . com / realone tiene alguna duda sobre nuestra poltica de confidencialidad ? pngase en contacto en : email privacy policy group realnetworks , inc . p . o . box 91123 seattle , wa 98111 - 9223 poltica de confidencialidad 2005 realnetworks , inc . patentes pendientes . todos los derechos reservados . realnetworks , realplayer y real . com son marcas comerciales o registradas de realnetworks , inc . todas las dems empresas o productos que aparecen en este documento son marcas comerciales o registradas de sus respectivos propietarios .  
2	Subject: fortune 500 work at home reps needed ! immediate help needed . we are a fortune 500 company that is growing at a tremendous rate of over 1000 % per year . we simply cannot keep up . we are looking for motivated individuals who are looking to earn a substantial income working from home . this is a real opportunity to make an excellent income from home . no experience is required . we will provide you with any training you may need . we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you than click on the link below and complete our online information request form , and one of our employment specialist will contact you . http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 so if you are looking to be employed at home , with a career that will provide you vast opportunities and a substantial income , please fill out our online information request form here now : http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 to be removed from our list simply click on the link below now : http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 1631 pl 5 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for amitava . dhar @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000011185 request create date : 12 / 21 / 00 4 : 20 : 10 pm requested for : amitava . dhar @ enron . com resource name : vpn resource type : applications 
2	Subject: increase the length and girth of your penis now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss / i am the only truth i know . all professions are conspiracies against the laity . adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them . he of whom many are afraid ought to fear many . give me where to stand , and i will move the earth . 
2	Subject: winning notifications ! ! ! easy way lottery agency ref . number : 21059 / 0112 batch ; number : 636439009 - dk 78 sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 12 th july 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 148511465805 - 5310 with serial number 9840 - 885 drew lucky numbers 8 - 78 - 09 - 87 - 77 - 23 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 500 , 000 , 00 ( five hundred thousand united states dollar } congratulations ! ! ! due to some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until you file for your claim . . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 company and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by some eminent personalities who do not wish to declare their identity for security reasons . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent : mr brown peters email ; makosa 200 @ netscape . net telephone : + 31 - 627 - 443 - 570 remember , all winning must be filed not later than 11 th of august 2004 or when authentic proof is given for the delay of filing . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being a winner in our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . note : all reply go to this email address : makosa 200 @ netscape . net sincerely yours , mr . morgan reeds lottery coordinator . expn . com e - mail : http : / / expnmail . go . com  
2	Subject: tenaska iv oct 2000 darren : please change the demand fee as noted below . i did not calculate oct 2000 correctly . tenaska iv will return the money this month . deal 529856 oct 2000 change demand fee from $ 2 , 349 , 906 . 50 to $ 2 , 221 , 567 . 44 thanks , megan 
2	Subject: horny mature chick diddled by this guy ! . . bunsen one good turn deserves another . see naples and die let s see what they can do in the shower . for two naked mature sluts there s nothing better than having some sexy fun in the shower . great and crazy duo action for you to see all the secrets of superb lesbian sexual act ! fingerlickin fingerfucking is what you about to see in here it s a hot lesbian game . hold on tight , don t loose your control watching them doing crazy things . some exclusive samples here : http : / / flock . maturesready . info / 2 / uncubscribers - url here : http : / / heuristic . hotestmatures . info / ma . php ? congress the higher you climb up the ladder , the more people can see your arse all is for the best in the best of the possible worlds never stand on the tail of a hedgehog after midnight  
2	Subject: 1 - urgent - outlook email notification ( new ) outlook email notification your date of migration is : may 7 th you will be unable to send e - mail unless you take the following action : please go through your notes email and clean out as many old / un - needed email items as possible before your date of migration . ? after you are migrated to outlook you will only be allocated 100 mb of total mailbox space . ? ? if more than this amount of data is migrated to outlook you will not be able to send e - mail until it is below the 100 mb limit . ? cleaning up your notes email now will prevent this from happening to you . enron  , s messaging platform is migrating from lotus notes to microsoft outlook 2000 worldwide . you will be accessing outlook for all of your email functions . why is enron migrating to outlook 2000 ? many factors contributed to the decision to migrate from lotus notes to microsoft exchange / outlook . the most prominent factors were : ? significant advantages to moving to a product that is more integrated with current enron apps ( windows 2000 , office and internet explorer ) ? more efficient shared pc and roaming user features ? improved support and integration for palm / ce devices ? instant messaging capabilities what is being migrated to outlook 2000 ? ? email messages . from the date of your scheduled migration , the last ( 30 ) thirty days of your email will be converted for use in outlook . ? all your folders in notes you use to store email messages in . ? to do items ? journal items ? calendar entries dating from ( 1 ) one year in the past to ( 10 ) ten years in the future will be converted . ? address books , but not your distribution lists that you created . you will need to re - create these in outlook . thank you , outlook 2000 migration team 
2	Subject: 80 % off software ! centerfont size  3 face  arialdownload immediately , no wait ! ! brbrprices reduced again ! ! / font table align  center width  100 % trtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba xpbrprofessional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkimg src  http : / / re 2 . mm - c . yimg . com / image / 235342521 / a / tdtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 200 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 65 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 135 / b / td / tr / table / tdtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkmicrosoft office brxp professional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkimg align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 300 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 70 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 230 / b / td / tr / table / tr / td / tablebrtable align  centertrtdfont face  ariallisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkmacromedia studio mx 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxknorton antivirus / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 82 % / font on a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkadobe photoshop 7 . 0 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkmicrosoft office 2003 professional / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkmicrosoft money 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkadobe photoshop cs / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkmicrosoft windows 2000 professional / alimany , many more incredible software deals ! ! / td / tr / tablebrbrfont size  5 face  arialcenterclick a href  http : / / eawtlq . bestsoftwareshop . info / ? hmsabcz 355 zsoxlxkhere / a for more details ! 3 : http : / / theyknowit . info / soft / chair . php brbrbrbrbr bridge blowfishdon research sally soccerl swimminglaura marvin basil fun electric buttons mollyl utopia alison glenn janphoenixl hornet groovy scorpion benson homebrew katie stinglmortimer nirvanal soccerl lovely hellolgod tequila jeff a speedo carl  
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  @ iag . co . at smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : : host mail . iag . co . at [ 81 . 223 . 25 . 27 ] : 550 5 . 1 . 1 user unknown - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 ] ( port  2142 helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by mailbackup . inode . at with smtp ( exim 4 . 34 ) id ldupol - 0006 pj - m 2 for @ iag . co . at ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 58 : 34 + 0200 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38190498 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : @ iag . co . at user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: employees wanted for fast growing company this opportunity is great for people looking for extra income . want to reduce your job related stress and make extra money working from home ? we are looking for people who share one common goal , the burning desire to make a change . your personal coach will explain you how to put the internet and your computer to work for you . flexible work hours . work whenever and wherever you want . you can start part time until you ' re ready to go full - time or start full time right away . be your own boss and make money working a couple of hours per day . unlimited income potential ! take action and start doing something positive today ! keep in mind that there are no fees or packages to buy to join our firm . work smarter , not harder ! you can make a difference in your financial future ! spend more time with your family doing the things that bring enjoyment to your life ! we will train and mentor you one - on - one if you are serious and remain teachable . submit your contact information to get more details about this exciting opportunity . to continue with the application process please fill in our online application at :   
2	Subject: revised announcement for real options conference at ucla please find attached a revised announcement and call for papers for the 5 th annual international conference on real options : theory meets practice . the conference is co - organized by the real options group and the andersen school , at ucla , los angeles on july 11 - 14 , 2001 . the submission deadline is march 2 ( and registration is by april 20 ) . travel allowances are provided for all academic presenters ( and fees are waived for all presenters ) . we are proud that eduardo schwartz will be our keynote speaker . we hope that you will be able to participate and would appreciate it if you could also post the announcement or circulate it among other interested colleagues . best wishes lenos - confannjuly 2001 . doc 
2	Subject: price revved up on breaking news stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 21 wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wiil be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 mi | | ion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | suppiy upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annua | | y for poland and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , ooo homes with eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , oo 0 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miliion for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of reievant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossil fuel sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil gas lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous | arge petroleum and expioration firms operate near to al | of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo welis produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 010 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: microcap company spotlight nomad international inc . ( ndin ) a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . shares outstanding : 34 , 000 , ooo fioat : 4 , oo 0 , 0 oo current price : o . o 9 wil | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! may 18 - - nomad international inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent announcement by the canadian radio - television and telecommunications commission ( crtc ) that they wouid regulate voice over internet protocol ( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as | oca | teiephone service . in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to buiid sustainabie competition in local teiephone markets , the incumbent carriers wi | | not be permitted to price their loca | voip services below cost to stifle competition . the ruling is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter the canadian market with our products via internet service providers , cable companies and virtual operators . the ruiing permits us to enter the market with a competitive framework , stated jan oiiver , ceo of nomad international inc . the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers . though broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utiiization woridwide , dia | - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the u . s . aione , there are over 2 oo , oo 0 , 000 users of the internet . of the tota | users in the u . s . , the total number of users of broadband is oniy approximateiy 4 o , ooo , oo 0 ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore represents approximately 8 o % of the entire internet connectivity market . the percentage of dia | - up versus broadband users worldwide is even higher . nomad ' s abiiity to offer voip products to dia | - up customers and service providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration , but also sets the company apart from its competition in the marketplace by offering a unique , proprietary and easiiy adaptable product . about nomad international inc . nomad international inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s revoiutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , sateliite and wireless capabiiities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace , 2 ) large muitinational corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemaia or london - - offering business partners a more economica | way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their reiatives in their country of origin . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go ndin . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 014 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: dba administrator cecil , i ' ve spoken with charlene just now and she sounds very helpful . can you give her a call tomorrow morning to iron out exactly how you want to access the enpower data base ? i ' ve left your name with her so she ' s expecting your call . best , alex - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 13 pm to : michelle d cisneros / hou / ect @ ect cc : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : dba administrator michelle , the name of the db administrator for enpower is charlene fricker , 5 - 3487 . alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve . i think it ' s a problem many layers below gary hickerson ' s level of responsibility and i hope we can handle it without using his valuable time . vince 
2	Subject: schedule c louise , as of today there is $ 722 , 572 in schedule c for the tbg settlement . the material that i provided to you showed $ 1 mm dollars in schedule c . the $ 1 mm is actually an estimate that includes payments from tbg for sept and oct deliveries that have not yet been received . the amount of those payments that are attributable to schedule c is $ 277 , 428 which will bring schedule c up to the $ 1 mm at the time of settlement . i am told that the value should be under " intra , east - north , or east - northeast or scott neal " . i have been assured that the $ is there . frank 
2	Subject: john digweed charset  windows - 1252 " > jonh digweed dj vibe sbado 23 de julho @ pacha ofir - portugal jonh digweed dj vibe iro proporcionar uma das festas mais animadas deste vero no pacha de ofir no sbado 23 de julho . destacamos que esta noite reunir estes dois grandes nomes do djing mundial e ser uma oportunidade nica de assistir aos seus magnficos sets na mainroom de ofir , uma vez tratar - se de um evento anual . esta noite marcar tambm a j tradicional abertura de vero do pacha nas restantes reas do complexo pacha com a apresentao das casas convidadas para esta poca balnear e que desde j prometem muitas e boas novidades . a destacar a presena do espao la movida beach , areia no sapato , sabo rosa entre muitos outros que podero confirmar no site oficial www . pacha - portugal . com john digweed john digweed tem origem inglesa e  um dos nomes mais importantes a nvel da dance scene mundial , na qual continua activamente a deixar um grande legado . o seu nome mantm - se constante nas primeiras posies de vrios tops internacionais . possui um estilo musical muito prprio , que ao longo dos tempos tem marcado pistas de dana pelo mundo fora . em conjunto com sasha ,  responsvel pelo enorme desenvolvimento e difuso do progressive house . recentemente , o seu trabalho como dj tem passado por vrios estilos , dissolvendo qualquer esteretipo possvel . com a sua editora bedrock e as festas mensais em londres sob o mesmo nome , promove o trabalho inovador e contagiante de muitos artistas de todo o mundo , ao mesmo tempo que ajuda a criar uma plataforma para os novos djs que o fascinam . um excelente exemplo da constante evoluo e vasto gosto musical de john digweed  a sua ultima compilao como dj ,  fabric 20  : trata - se de uma viagem hipnotizante por sonoridades que desafiam qualquer imagem pr - definida . os seus sets memorveis preenchem - se de boa disposio e despertam na pista uma vontade incontornvel para danar e lanar os braos no ar , devido  imponncia dos ritmos que escolhe e sensaes que estes transmitem , sem nunca perder toda a beleza e encanto que podemos encontrar na msica electrnica . cada evento em que john digweed participa torna - se distinto , sendo o seu regresso ao pacha uma data ansiosamente esperada . dj vibe dj vibe ,  o nome com maior destaque na msica electrnica em portugal , tanto pelo que j fez pelo desenvolvimento desta no nosso pas , como pela transmisso de uma sonoridade caracterstica , em todo pas e em muitos outros locais do mundo . cada vez mais , o referido destaque tem - se tambm revelado internacional , tornando - se merecedor de uma posio slida entre os melhores dj  s de todo o mundo . a euforia com que dj vibe  recebido nas pistas de dana h muito que deixou de ser exclusiva de portugal .  de salientar a sua recente actuao num prestigiado club londrino , o turnmills , onde foi recebido com um xtase inacreditvel , idntico aquele que pode ser visto nos melhores clubs portugueses em que actua , sendo o pacha um exemplo perfeito . a harmonia com que dj vibe conquista e sincroniza uma pista de dana  uma das suas qualidades mais exclusivas . a sua escolha e produo musical revelam uma forte personalidade , invejada e plagiada vezes sem conta , sem nunca alcanar o encanto com que ele a transmite . contactos : website www . pacha - portugal . com email mail @ e - pepper . net infolines 96 494 38 26 / 96 777 84 76 / 253 989100 fax 253 989108 e - pepper marketing _ electrnico mail @ e - pepper . net esta mensagem  enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105  congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem para remover @ e - pepper . net com a palavra remover na linha de assunto . in you want to be removed from the list please send us a message to remover @ e - pepper . net with the word remove in subject .  
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 18 - us terrorism attacks political / security update : headlines ? taliban to declare " jihad " against the us if afghanistan targeted ; heightening expectations for retaliatory attacks against us targets . ? bush stokes unease among allies and international press with call for bin ladin to be brought to the u . s . , " dead or alive . " ? taliban offers to deliver bin ladin to a third country , likely a muslim country . offer almost certain to be rejected by bush administration . ? fbi arrests five additional suspected hijackers ; raising expectations for further attacks ? u . s . officials to meet with saudi foreign minister in washington ; questions to be asked about involvement of sons of saudi diplomat in attacks analysis ? efforts by the bush administration to build a multilateral coalition against terrorism will have to address two key foreign policy issues : iraq and the israel - palestinian peace process . missteps in either area could weaken the emerging multilateral coalition against terrorism and have important implications for the oil market . ? for a multilateral approach to work in the long term , the administration will need to provide countries with incentives to cooperate in the anti - terrorism campaign , especially in places such as the moderate arab states where dismantling the networks suspected of supporting terrorist groups will involve moving against internal targets . moreover , the administration will need to deal with the root causes that provide willing cadres to extremist groups , especially economic problems and political disenfranchisement . dealing with all of these factors will necessitate us financial support as well as greater us imagination in dealing with lingering regional issues . policy towards iraq . ? washington appears to be resisting attempts to broaden its attacks to include iraq at this point , despite internal and external pressure for such action . this will be a leading indicator , assuming that no firm proof of baghdad ' s involvement in the bombings is uncovered . a more aggressive us approach towards iraq has seemed likely since july when moscow blocked the introduction of " smart sanctions " during the last rollover of the oil - for - food program . ? however , given regional sensitivities in the arab world to washington ' s iraq policy and the interests that states such as russia and to a lesser extent china have in the country , the bush administration cannot have both a genuinely multilateral approach to anti - terrorism and an unilateral hard - line iraqi policy . it will need to chose between one or the other . israeli - palestinian peace process . ? without an equitable solution to this conflict , most experts believe that the bush team ' s anti - terrorism coalition is doomed to failure . ? initially , at least , the signs are not good : the sharon government in israel has been resistant to us pressure to rein in its aggressive policies towards the palestinians ? washington ' s willingness to confront israel on this issue will give a clue to its willingness to stay the anti - terrorism course and hold its broad coalition together . market update : us equities : ? next 48 hours seen as critical after yesterday ' s losses and fed cut . 8750 on dow seen as key resistance point : looking for decisive close below 8750 , not just intra - day test . downside risk seen to 7500 if the 8750 area doesn ' t hold : 7500 key b / c it was the nadir of asian crisis . ? two wildcards : company warnings : will the torrent continue ? ( slight positive coming out of oracle ) ; war : issue remains scope , duration . asia overnight : ? bank of japan , with little headline opportunities to ease , but after much speculation and criticism did cut its discount rate 15 bps to . 1 % from . 25 % late in tokyo today . the nikkei closed up 175 . 47 . europe : ? equities : european markets are down ( as of 0630 cdt ) uniformly around 2 % but most of the losses were at the opening with stability since . ? currencies : us $ steady in european trading with marginal gains against most currencies . there may be uncertainty about the $ but conversations over the last two days uniformly confirm that there is no renewed confidence in the euro . the swiss franc continues to be the biggest beneficiary of the crisis . ? central banking : the bank of england mpc decided to cut this afternoon , but only 25 bps : less and later than expected . the monthly inflation numbers complicated the picture with a higher than expected rise , rising + . 4 % in aug and now + 2 . 6 % annual , rising above government target of + 2 . 5 % for the first time in 28 months . ? european airlines : mirroring american counterparts ' woes in today ' s trading : klm issued a profit warning , virgin cut jobs , alitalia appealed for government assistance ; all airlines are off in trading , though not as badly as in us infrastructure nuclear power ? delegates from 132 nations opened the annual international atomic energy agency conference monday with calls for tighter security - and admissions that little can be done to shield a nuclear power plant from an airborne assault . ? the architects of the world ' s nuclear plants designed them more with ground vehicle - not airborne - attacks in mind . ? the buildings that house nuclear reactors themselves are far smaller targets than the pentagon posed , and it would be extremely difficult for a terrorist to mount a direct hit at an angle that could unleash a catastrophic chain of events ? u . s . experts are proposing the installation of anti - aircraft weaponry manned by military personnel who would be stationed outside the nation ' s 104 commercial reactors airlines attorney general john ashcroft assigns federal agents to domestic commercial flights ; said law enforcement officers believe there is a continuing threat because " associates of the hijackers that have ties to terrorist organizations may be a continuing presence in the united states . " 
2	Subject: re : scope : pg & e lateral to bakersfield , california thanks - i was more interested in the economics and cash flows . let me know when they are available . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : thursday , february 14 , 2002 7 : 41 am to : howard , kevin a . subject : re : scope : pg & e lateral to bakersfield , california attached is the spreadsheet from facility planning showing our costs . james centilli is running additional economics . will forward those as soon as i receive them . i can also meet with you to discuss all . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : howard , kevin a . sent : wednesday , february 13 , 2002 8 : 29 am to : lokay , michelle subject : fw : scope : pg & e lateral to bakersfield , california michelle : are there any summary economics for this yet ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : watson , kimberly sent : tuesday , february 12 , 2002 4 : 42 pm to : howard , kevin a . subject : fw : scope : pg & e lateral to bakersfield , california kevin , here is the info on the pg & e project . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : friday , february 08 , 2002 9 : 13 am to : watson , kimberly subject : scope : pg & e lateral to bakersfield , california 
2	Subject:  why pay for porn _ ? as a l - imited tidsm \ e p 8 r [ ov 9 motlpion we are offerbine 6 g a , 100 % frembe lifetfrimne access pashdswo  rd to our realixtdy pod 5 rn mega sit : e we hav $ e create - d t # he u > ltra mega site , wqith a collectgioodn of 11 s ` 7 ites o ; ur co _ lnnlec ~ tpion odf sites includde hmer fehirst apn # al xxxjy , real gangbangs , mhd . i . l . | f galnleiries , dude ' s lucky day , hheymr first lesbian expe { riemfnce , aobnd mor + e . . . there is no obligat [ ijbon , anxid it ' s fgree gegat 100 % fre [ e a ' ccqess feor lyife calick h 7 he { re n : ow for detaiccls remoive heruoe  
2	Subject: out of the office 7 th - 9 th fyi - - i will be out of the office wednesday , feb . 7 th through friday the 9 th , returning on monday . mary poorman and tom acton will be backing me up . mary will handle off system nominations ( oasis , lonestar & cornshucker , midcon ) tom will handle the following meter confirmations : oasis katy # 6780 ( contact paul mcpheeters 713 - 758 - 9804 ) lonestar katy # 67 ( contact gary gafford 214 - 875 - 2674 ) aquila hdr katy # 72 ( contact sue zimmerman 816 - 527 - 1434 ) - - - should receive fax confirm trunkline katy # 69 ( contact mark enns 713 - 989 - 7585 ) - - - should receive fax confirm midcon hardy # 68 ( contact patsy shimek 713 - 369 - 9282 ) midcon flagstaff # 1606 ( contact patsy shimek 713 - 369 - 9282 ) thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: costco on our dime bait - excelled @ em . ca having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . see here to receive a 500 . 00 usd gift card at no cost . notice : to claim your reward you must participate in our program and meet all of the offer eligibility requirements as outlined in the terms & conditions ( you may view our terms & conditions on the rewardsgateway . com site ) before you can receive your free reward . eligibility requirements include signing up for at least two silver , gold and platinum offers . copyright ( c ) 2004 - 2005 rewardsgateway . com - rewardsgateway . com is an independent rewards program and is not affiliated with any of the listed products or retailers . trademarks , service marks , logos , and / or domain names ( including , without limitation , the individual names of products and retailers ) are the property of their respective owners , who have no association with or make any endorsement of the products or services provided by rewardsgateway . com . this is a rewards gateway e - mail message . if you prefer not to receive e - mails from rewards gateway in the future , please send an e - mail to : unsub @ rewardsgateway . com or write to us at : 22647 ventura blvd suite 258 woodland hills , ca 91364 unsubscribe here this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : lastinglove . info opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: brother and sister secretly having sex . . baptism old fish and young flesh feed men best you win some , you lose some no man is an island orange yellow but yuh nah know if he sweet . father gets aroused watching his 19 year old daughter taking a shower ! he gets hard and cannot resist any more . a girl is astonished and still she likes when her father is caressing her body she wants more , she wants sex with this man we will not tell mom what we are doing when she is not home real incest pics and movies at http : / / bayberry . shockingincest . info where there ' s smoke , there ' s . . pollution . half a loaf is better than none . everything comes to him who waits too many chiefs and not enough indians the squeaky wheel gets the grease .  
2	Subject: we are committed to offering an extensive variety of health care options implantation for you are beautiful , i have loved you dearly for you are beautiful , i have loved you dearly i ' ve heard there ' s a wicked war a - blazing come , ozma , she said , anxiously ; let us go ourselves to search for the piglet sila dromi hnol sessrumnir  
2	Subject: discover how sex should be ! fact : in a poll conducted by a conglomerate of major condom manufacturers over 80 % of women are unsatisfied with their partners size and sexual performance . solution : by taking natural rapid growth formula you will be able to control how big you get . a huge healthy manhood is the basis of attraction and aptitude for women . there is no reason that you shouldn ' t have a few inches on the competition ! ! want to more details ? ? ? ? press here when viewed straight on , the motorola razr v 3 looks no different from many flip phones . in fact , with its brushed - silver coloring and rectangular shape , it almost leaves you wondering exactly what the big deal is . turn the handset on its side , however , and the wow factor begins . measuring 3 . 8 by 2 . 0 blowing out another ' s candle will not make yours shine brighter . by 0 . 5 inches and weighing 3 . 3 ounces , the razr v 3 is so pocket - friendly and portable that it ' s smaller than many wallets . it also feels light - - almost too light - - in the hand , and its distinctive styling is sure to win looks conviction is worthless unless it is converted into conduct . ( thomas carlyle ) on the street and in the boardroom . fortunately , motorola did not compromise a solid construction for the cutting - edge design , and the burly hinge ensures the phone snaps open and shut with authority . we couldn ' t help noticing the v 3 is wider and bit taller than many flip phones , but its paper - thin profile more than makes up for it . wide load : the razr v 3 isn ' t small in all ways . a postage - stamp - size external display supports 4 , 000 colors and shows the time , battery life , signal strength , and caller id ( where available ) . though it can be viewed in most lighting situations , it goes completely dark when the backlighting - - which cannot be changed - - turns off . above the screen and well out of the way of fingers is the vga camera lens . you don ' t some books have table of contents ; others have no contents . ( melchor f . cichon ) get a flash or a self - portrait mirror , but the external screen acts as a viewfinder when the flip is closed . controls on the outside of the phone are few . a voice - recorder button sits on the right side of the front flap , while a volume rocker and a dedicated camera key sit on the left ; when the phone is open , before we set our hearts too much upon anything , let us examine how happy they are who already possess it . ( francois de la rochefoucauld ) the camera button acts as a third soft key . as they are on the side of the phone , the buttons are rather thin , but we had no trouble finding them by feel . the secret of happiness is to admire without desire . butcher ' s window : let me meat your needs . beautiful young people are acts of nature , but beautiful old people are works of art . some people drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge , while some others only gargle . those who do not know how to weep with their whole heart , don ' t know how to laugh either . ( golda meir ) habits lead to character . a banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining , and who asks for it back when it start to rain . no individual raindrop ever considers itself responsible for the flood . some of the world ' s greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible . ( doug larson ) some things that cost $ 5 to buy several years ago now costs $ 10 just to repair . since i have smashed my denominational glasses , i have a better vision of who christ is . the real measure of your wealth is how much you ' d be worth if you lost all your money . ( bernard meltzer ) chocolate covered raisins , cherries , orange slices & strawberries all count as fruit , so eat as many as you want . not everything that counts can be counted , and not everything that can be counted counts . ( sign hanging in albert einstein ' s office at princeton )  
2	Subject: wacog for sale to cannon winter 2000 - 01 according to the contract the pricing of the gas we are selling back to cannon is a wacog of what we bought it for this summer . here is the calculation of the wacog . let me know if there are any questions / comments . dave 
2	Subject: cuiaba models hey ding . if you recall , we looked at southern cone during july , as this was the feedback that we got from our presentation in late may . the cuiaba gas and power volumes may be found in several different places since there is more than one model . the models do not necessarily agree with each other . i have attached a few models that should contain the necessary info . i also have a summary sheet template that was to be attached in maps . enjoy . - kevin k . 
2	Subject: from mr . john john numvette tel : 27 - 83 - 764 - 5122 fax : 27 - 11 - 507 - 6709 reply to : jnumvette @ yahoo . com johannesburg south africa attn : sir / madam , urgent business assistance first , i must solicit your confidence in this transaction ; this is by virtue if it ' s nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have been reliably informed of your discreteness and ability in transactions of this nature . let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am mr . john numvette , a branch manager with a big bank of johannesburg , south africa . i came to know of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential transaction which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . the proposition : a foreigner , late engineer johnson creek , an gold merchant / contractor with the government of south africa , until his death one year ago in a ghastly air crash , banked with us here in south africa . , and had a closing balance of us $ 26 . 5 m ( twenty six million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) which the bank now unquestionably expects it to be claimed by any available foreign next - of - kin of the late beneficiary or alternatively be donated to a discredited trust fund for arms and ammunition at a military war college here in south africa . fervent valuable efforts are being made by the bank to get in touch with any of the creek family or relatives but proved unsuccessful . it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late engr . johnson creek ' s next - of - kin ( he had no known wife and children ) that the management under the influence of our chairman and member of the board of directors are preparing for the fund to be declared " unclaimable " and subsequently be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to further enhance the course of arm building in africa and the world in general . in order to avert this negative development , some of my trusted colleagues and i now seek your permission to have you stand as a next - of - kin to late engr . johnson creek so that the funds us $ 26 . 5 m would be released and paid into your bank account as the beneficiary next - of - kin . all documents and proves to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out and more so we are assuring you of a 100 % risk free involvement . your share stays while the rest would be for me and my colleagues for investment purposes in your country . we have agreed that , the funds will be shared thus , after it has been transferred into your account : 30 % of the money will go to you for acting as the beneficiary of the funds . 5 % will be set aside for reimbursement to both parties for any incidental expenses that may be incurred in the course of the transfer . 65 % to us the originators of the transaction . if this proposal is ok by you and you do not wish to take undue advantage of the trust , we hope to bestow on you and your company , then kindly get to me immediately . i will like you to furnish me with your most confidential telephone , fax number for further information on the release and subsequent transfer of the funds in your favour . thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation . yours faithfully , mr . john numvette for super low premiums , click here http : / / www . dialdirect . co . za / quote 
2	Subject: how about obtaining a fully recognized university degree ? 231175433222211111111 obtain a prosperous future , money earning power , and the admiration of all . degrees from prestigious accredited universities based on your present knowledge and life experience . call now to receive your diploma within days ! ! ! 1 425 790 3463 no required tests , classes , books , or interviews . bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diplomas available in the field of your choice . no one is turned down . confidentiality assured . call now to receive your diploma within days ! ! ! 1 425 790 3463 call 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , including sundays and holidays . 231175433222211111111 
2	Subject: budget mtg - 10 / 30 @ 11 : 00 a . m . in eb 32 c 2 this is to confirm the budget meeting scheduled for tuesday , october 30 @ 11 : 00 a . m . in eb 32 c 2 . please advise me only if you are unable to attend . many thanks , liz taylor 
2	Subject: hello from the gambia hi , i got your contact from the internet and my instinct motivated me to write you . i hope you will be kind enough to digest my mail and assist me in this regards . i am an undergraduate medical student of fourahbay collage , sierra leone . my late father , chief , mayor musa bangura was a traditional ruler in my home town . he was also a prominent gold and diamond dealer in sierra leone before he was murdered in cold blood two year alongside my beloved mother by the rebels of the ruf , that has been fighting the legitimate democratically elected government in my country since 1992 . the war is still ravaging my country up till now . after the untimely death of my parents , i discovered some important documents through my father ' s personal lawyer indicating that my late father had deposited the sum of twenty two million us dollars ( us $ 22 m ) in a security and trust company in the gambia , for safe keeping because of the rebel war going on in my country , sierra leone . with the assistance of my father personal lawyer , i have made successful claims of the money at the trust company here in the gambia by virtue of the legal rights as the only child and next of kin of my parents now , i have decided to transfer this money out of africa for investment and banking because of the political and economic instability of african countries . i am absolutely willing to give you 30 % of this money , if you will agree to help me transfer this money into your account abroad and also arrange for me to come to your country where i intend to settle down and complete my education as a qualified medical doctor , 5 % of this money shall be set aside for all the expenses that might be incurred in the course of transferring this money into your personal account or any account you may provide . bear in mind that the task of investing this money in your country shall be solely done by you and such investment shall be solely controlled and managed by you until i finish my education . i hope you will handle this matter with altmost confidentiality and transparency . should you trust that you are capable of assisting me to actualise my goal , do not hesitate to confirm by email responce . yours sincerely , anna bangura . 
2	Subject: nytimes . com article : the real wolf this article from nytimes . com has been sent to you by vkaminski @ aol . com . / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - advertisement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \ looking for better it solutions ? toshiba is uniting digital , mobile and network innovations in a bold new vision of information technology for today and tomorrow . take a closer look at life in the new digital age . and imagine how good it can be . visit toshiba . com for more details . the real wolf reckonings by paul krugman ecently i received a letter from an economist i respect , chiding me for my " naderite " columns on the california energy crisis . he just didn ' t believe that market manipulation by power companies could possibly be an important issue ; it sounded too much to him like the sort of thing one hears from knee - jerk leftists , who blame greedy capitalists for every problem , be it third - world poverty or high apartment rents . the left has cried " wolf ! " so many times that sensible people have learned to discount such claims . but now a bona fide wolf has arrived , whose predatory behavior is doing terrible damage to our most populous state  * and nobody will believe it . true , california would be heading for a summer of power shortages even if it had never deregulated . and even if there was workable competition in the wholesale electricity market , prices in that market would spike during periods of peak demand , transferring billions of dollars from either taxpayers or consumers to the generators . but the evidence is now overwhelming that there isn ' t workable competition in california ' s power market , and that the actions of generators " gaming the system " have greatly magnified the crisis . the key fact is that california has somehow remained in a state of more or less continuous power shortage and very high wholesale prices regardless of the level of demand . a rash of outages has kept the electricity market conveniently  * and very profitably  * short of supply even during periods of low demand , when there ought to be lots of excess capacity . as frank wolak , the stanford economist who also advises the state ' s power grid , has pointed out , an outage at a power plant is a lot like an employee calling in sick . you can ' t tell directly whether he is really sick or has chosen to take the day off for other reasons , but you can look for circumstantial evidence . and such evidence has convinced mr . wolak that " generators use forced outages strategically to withhold capacity from the market "  * a view shared by a growing number of other researchers . which brings us to the latest move by the federal energy regulatory commission . on wednesday , the commission apparently decided to offer california some relief , and put new price caps in place on the california electricity market . i say " apparently " because the more you look at the plan the less likely it seems to be any help at all . indeed , the measure was passed on a 2 - to - 1 vote , with william massey  * the one commissioner who has been sympathetic to calls for price controls  * voting against it on the grounds that it would be ineffectual . what ' s wrong with ferc ' s plan ? first , it caps prices only in emergency conditions  * ignoring the fact that electricity prices have stayed at hard - to - explain levels even when there is no emergency . in effect , the plan is laid out as if the electricity market were really competitive , in spite of all the evidence that it is not . second , even those emergency price caps are full of loopholes , offering extensive opportunities for what mr . wolak calls " megawatt laundering "  * selling power to affiliated companies that for one reason or another are exempted from the price controls ( for example , the controls do not apply to " imports " from neighboring states ) , then selling it back into the california market . severin borenstein of the university of california energy institute adds that because the allowed price depends on the cost of generation at the least efficient plant , generators will have a clear incentive to produce inefficiently : " i predict we will find some plants we never heard of before that are suddenly operating again , and they will be pretty inefficient . " the general verdict seems to be that this is not a serious plan . there are serious proposals to mitigate the crisis out there  * indeed , last fall mr . wolak submitted a proposal that was well received by other experts  * but ferc has ignored all of them . the charitable interpretation is that ferc still doesn ' t get it , that it just can ' t bring itself to believe that this time the wolf is real . the uncharitable interpretation is that last week ' s action was meant to fail . the medley report , an online newsletter , calls the ferc plan " a grand exercise in posturing without substance . . . a very clever temporary move by the bush administration to deflect any political fallout " from the looming disaster . whatever the explanation , the plain fact is that ferc and the administration have yet to offer california any significant relief . 00 fo 04 b 3 blabf visit nytimes . com for complete access to the most authoritative news coverage on the web , updated throughout the day . become a member today ! it ' s free ! http : / / www . nytimes . com ? eta how to advertise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - for information on advertising in e - mail newsletters or other creative advertising opportunities with the new york times on the web , please contact alyson racer at alyson @ nytimes . com or visit our online media kit at http : / / www . nytimes . com / adinfo for general information about nytimes . com , write to help @ nytimes . com . copyright 2001 the new york times company 
2	Subject: noms for the 12 th . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 07 / 13 / 2000 11 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 07 / 13 / 2000 11 : 04 : 06 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : noms for the 12 th . . . ( see attached file : hpl - july . xls ) - hpl - july . xls 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! sally , congratulations on your promotion to managing director . it is well deserved and most appropriate . in addition , it always warms my heart when i see a woman promoted to the highest rank in our company . best regards , jean 
2	Subject: goldeditor : charting gold for dummies - an interview with reinhard goldeditor : charting gold for dummies - an interview with reinhard www . goldeditor . com this week gold broke out to new 16 year highs - a great time to get our favorite technical guru , richard reinhard , editor of growth stocks weekly , to give us some of his thoughts on the price of gold ( i know , expectations only cause heartbreak ) . goldeditor interviewed reinhard and he explains in simple detail the mega trend bullishness on gold from a technical point of view . ( don ' t ask him on the fundamentals - he could go on forever ) . sit down in front of the fire and enjoy : goldeditor : why do you emphasize charting , aka technical analysis , when making your investment decisions ? reinhard : technical analysis separates emotions from logic . if we all have the same completely logical expectations prices would only change when quarterly reports or relevant news was released . this would make investing easy . technical analysis ( ta ) is the process of analyzing a security ' s historical prices in an effort to determine probable future prices . we compare current price action ( current expectations ) with comparable historical price action to predict a reasonable outcome . only a small minority of technicians can consistently and accurately determine future prices . however , even if you are unable to accurately forecast prices , technical analysis can be used to consistently reduce your risks and improve your profits . the price of a security represents a consensus - one person is buying and another is selling . the price at which an investor is willing to buy or sell depends primarily on his expectations . if he expects the security ' s price to rise , he will buy it ; if the investor expects the price to fall , he will sell it . ta is based almost entirely on the analysis of the resulting price and volume as evidenced via a chart . a picture truly is worth a thousand words . think of security prices as the result of a head - to - head battle between a bull ( the buyer ) and a bear ( the seller ) . the bulls push prices higher and the bears push prices lower . the direction prices actually move reveals who is winning the battle . support and resistance areas form where strong emotions occur , and can be penetrated by a change in investor expectations ( a shift of the supply / demand lines ) . this type of a change is often abrupt and news based , and often emotional . a trend represents a consistent change in prices ( changing investor expectations ) . trends differ from support / resistance levels in that trends represent change , whereas support / resistance levels represent barriers to change . the use of ta , essentially observing the clues and actions of the crowd , allows you to divorce yourself from what they are feeling . somewhat clinically , you are in a position to anticipate their actions and so act either ahead , with or counter to the crowd - providing a much more timely ( higher probability ) basis for investment decisions . ta provides a basis or frame of reference using a logical and consistent approach that minimizes risks and maximizes opportunities . most investors spend their time looking for easy money ( which is not an easy search ) instead of learning the key factors to security prices - - supply and demand . goldeditor : what are some different technical indicators you use , what do they measure and how do you interpret them ? reinhard : moving averages are one of the oldest and most popular technical analysis tools representing the average price of a security at a given time . many other indicators exist that are beyond a simple explanation , including several of our favorites : fibonacci retracements , relative strength index and on - balance - volume . any good book on ta will explain these clearly to students of the markets . basically , there are three distinct types or classes of indicators , which provide insight into : 1 . the external monetary conditions affecting security prices . this tells us what security prices should do . 2 . the sentiment of various sectors of the investment community . this tells us what investors expect prices to do . 3 . the current momentum of the market . this tells us what prices are actually doing . goldeditor : what are your thoughts on the mega trend in the us dollar ? reinhard : the us dollar is in a secular bear market . you can ' t open a financial newspaper or watch the financial news channels without hearing about the dollar bear . this trend became technically apparent in early 2002 , just like the mirror - image gold price lift - off , yet the press typically provided little if any coverage . with the us dollar ( $ us ) index finally breaking 85 support in recent weeks and gold breaking through the us $ 430 - 435 resistance , we are now clearly starting the next big upwave on gold . the markets are looking somewhat like a rabbit in the road staring at oncoming headlights - frozen in disbelief , fear or confusion . the lag in the gold stocks is symptomatic - but once the trends accelerate away from these key resistance ( gold ) / support ( $ us ) areas there will likely be a rush by the undecided - resulting in an accelerating trend that will surprise the mainstream . there are several technical reasons and many fundamental reasons why a major $ us interim bottom isn ' t likely here and the trend is nowhere near approaching its ultimate end . technically the us dollar index is trading high up in its downtrend near resistance with overhead resistance now building a wall . to see this graphically visit www . gsweekly . com of course the dollar needs to periodically bounce or that fear would get out of hand . technical bounces are a normal part of major downlegs , bleeding off excessive fear and rebalancing investor sentiment . but make no mistake about it , we seeing a slow - motion crash of the us dollar . key to remember is that all major commodities are denominated in us dollars , the world ' s de facto reserve currency . if the dollar is falling , you need more dollars to buy oil or wheat or steel or any commodity . commodity prices across the board are responding to the dollar ' s weakening , but gold has a particularly strong correlation as it is effectively a currency alternative . gold has broken out to 16 - year highs and other metals are following suit . aluminum is selling at multi - year highs , as is copper , lead , silver and nickel . grain prices are surging . if we ' re right about the long - term direction of the dollar ( does it have any choice ? ) , these gains are just the beginning . click here for a usd index chart goldeditor : can you simplify the long term technical story behind gold ? reinhard : in the late ' 90 s gold sank below $ 260 an ounce as the dow headed over 12 , 000 . this was in hindsight the best possible time to leave the roaring tech - boom party and reposition for what will likely be considered the trade of the decade - buy gold . one problem - there was no one ringing the bell that gold had hit an historic bottom ! then in april 2001 gold hit a 21 - year low near $ 250 , very similar to the lows of 1999 , thereby forming a double - bottom . sentiment was understandably negative , with headlined high - profile central bank sell - offs , and predictions of sub - $ 200 gold . as is fairly typical , gold chose its darkest hour to turn into a new secular bull market only now starting to get some mainstream recognition . it ' s easy to focus on the day - to - day ripples , but it ' s the intermediate waves and the secular direction of the tide that really determines where the big money is made , and this big picture perspective continues to set the tone for our somewhat unique early - stage , well - pedigreed , small - cap resource - sector investment focus . ta monitors supply and demand - the key elements that determine price . as long as demand exceeds supply , prices will rise over the long term . the fun to be had is when this equilibrium price is a fair ways away from the status quo , and for many reasons i believe this to be the case . global gold supply only grows incrementally each year because of the difficulty and huge capital costs required to bring new gold deposits to market . gold is a relatively small market where a demand shift leads to magnified price adjustments , especially because unlike a typical commodity , gold is a unique store of value . the key to any secular gold bull is the demand or supply that private investors generate as they buy or sell gold , as this market represents about 80 % of gold ownership . the collective gold transactions of millions or even billions of individual investors worldwide buying and selling gold will ultimately set the price . perversely , in the investment world the higher the price an investment climbs the greater demand becomes . virtually no one wanted anything to do with gold near $ 250 a few years ago , but anyone around in late 1979 through to january 1980 witnessed the madness of the crowd as gold rapidly accelerated to its peak at over $ 850 per ounce . the key to understanding any market bubble ' s distinct parabolic curve is to understand the shifting investment demand over the life of a secular bull . the higher the investment price , the more attention it attracts , the higher demand grows , the higher the investment price goes - a virtuous circle . gold is ultimately a store of value , money , so far simply appreciating to counter the devaluing us dollar . many currencies such as the euro and the commodity - based canadian dollar are also appreciating strongly relative to the us dollar . when gold starts appreciating from the foreign investors ' home - currency perspective , maybe as a result of their government ' s determination to remain competitive through competitive devaluation or a lowering of interest rates , the rush to own gold should accelerate . click here for a three year gold chart goldeditor : so many people have said that gold ' s critical level is $ 430 - why is that ? reinhard : gold has often been repulsed by overhead supply at this price point , although the number $ 430 has no particular significance other than to be well north of where resistance is usually met . just earlier this year enthusiastic gold investors were financially bagged when gold ' s largely uninterrupted run from the january 2001 $ 250 area double bottom came to an abrupt halt on january 13 2004 at $ 426 , corrected to $ 390 , ran again to $ 427 in april ( a double top ! ) and then plunged to the $ 375 area in short order . this of course caused magnified volatility amongst the junior gold stocks . looking back further , this is the same area that marked the january 1996 peak , january 1990 top , january 1987 resistance and even the late 1979 correction before the breakout to the ultimate $ 850 secular peak . for whatever reason , demand seems to meet supply in this area , and of course the market ' s always right ! on october 25 , 2004 gold closed at $ 429 , to me a key close and the highest since february 1990 ' s high close of $ 424 . interestingly , gold has barely pulled back at all these last 3 weeks ( the low was $ 424 on 2 days ) and in fact has been trading consistently above $ 430 with progressively higher closes since november 4 . today ' s close ( november 16 ) was $ 439 . 40 . can you spell stealth breakout ? goldeditor : is $ 430 the big support level now ? reinhard : the $ 425 area has built up significant support over the last month . any significant breakdown through the area would of course be a cold shower for the gold market , causing no small amount of painful readjustment to some leveraged portfolios as offside investors liquidate . interestingly , this is not an extended , over - bought market . in fact , many traders and gold bugs would have faded into this key resistance zone - that is , sold as price entered the resistance area . this is the reason old resistance becomes new support once breached decisively . trader ' s remorse is a well - known phenomenon . market traders who sold and investors who missed the run are now even more anxious to ( re ) establish positions , hoping to see price come back , and afraid to chase the price up . goldeditor : has gold broken out for good ? reinhard : yes . gold has now broken out and is on a trend that is unlikely to change for some time . the trend remains intact until it is broken . right now from both a fundamental and technical perspective i ' m convinced that we are setting up for a run to test the $ 480 - 500 area . goldeditor : where do you think the next major resistance level is ? reinhard : a re - visit to gold ' s long term chart shows that once the $ 430 area is cleared next resistance will be met at around $ 500 , and above that it ' s about $ 720 . again , this is historical and based on several distinct data - points separate in time , lending some confidence to each level ' s ongoing significance . $ 500 also has that large round number psychological aspect to it . goldeditor : how does investor psychology affect charting patterns and technically ? reinhard : some key observations investors need to consider : 1 . price represents the fair market value as agreed between buyers ( bulls ) and sellers ( bears ) . 2 . changes in price are the result of changes in investor expectations of the security ' s future price . 3 . support levels occur when the consensus is that the price will not move lower . it is the point where buyers outnumber sellers . 4 . resistance levels occur when the consensus is that the price will not move higher . it is the point where sellers outnumber buyers . 5 . the penetration of a support or resistance level indicates a change in investor expectations and a shift in the supply / demand lines . 6 . volume is useful in determining how strong the change of expectations really is . 7 . traders ' remorse often follows the penetration of a support or resistance level as prices retreat to the penetrated level . which means what ? the sellers feel stupid for having sold and want back in ! goldeditor : technically speaking where do you think the critical level is for gold to hold for the bull market remain intact ? reinhard : if one looks at the 4 - year chart , effectively covering the double - bottom of early 2001 and the full move of this first phase of what is now a new secular bull market , a clear channel can be plotted which bounds the higher - lows and higher - highs with parallel up - trend lines . today , to break the bottom trend line we would need to see price break down through the $ 390 area , and then there still exists major support at the old resistance band around the $ 375 level . a break in the established uptrend would not negate the bull market , but a breakdown through major support would put it in jeopardy - effectively the lows of april 2004 would need to be breached to the downside . goldeditor : why are some of the gold stocks not breaking out with the price of gold ? reinhard : actually very few gold stocks are breaking out or achieving new highs along with the price of gold . there are probably several reasons for this , but a major one has to be investor ' s reluctance to buy when price is perceived to be at the top of a trading range - a been there , done that , won ' t do that again psychology . this will change once the gold price leaves this range behind and investors start to believe there ' s upside . a once bitten twice shy memory is strong - fear will need to be overcome by greed . another factor to consider is that there was a record amount of financings last year as long - suffering juniors took advantage of the first wave to load up the treasury at relatively cheap prices . there ' s a lot of paper that needs to be absorbed . the hui gold share index has gained about 600 % over the last 3 - 1 / 2 years and most investment managers and retail brokers missed the market . typically any bull market ' s first phase is marked by denial and this one is no different . by the time phase two progresses to the point that average people start to become aware and accept that this is for real , we should see some serious professional capital to inflow to the sector . once the senior companies do become fully or overvalued in anticipation of gold ' s continued rise , there will be a natural migration of investment capital to the undervalued intermediate and then junior sectors . because it takes three to five years to find a decent discovery , and another several years to build a mine - there ' s no quick way to catch up for the lack of exploration and development of the 1997 - 2002 resource slump , and so to position into perceived value will mean buying into deserving early - stage opportunities now , or pay - up down the road . resources are now scarce , and the competition from investors , funds , mining companies and foreign countries will only become more intense until somehow supply increases to the point where demand is met - and this is unlikely to occur for several years . goldeditor : do you buy strictly on technical behaviors or do you combine technical behavior with fundamentals and why ? reinhard : you need both . there have been many scams and market manipulations where the technicals were orchestrated to be compelling . likewise , the fundamentals are often manipulated ( remember bre - x ) in an effort to deceive . at least with bre - x the technicals would have stopped you out even as the story remained compelling . it ' s never a good idea to ignore one entirely , although if i had to make a choice , technical analysis and good money management discipline is all one needs to make consistent returns . goldeditor : what is your biggest trading rule ? ( i . e . never average down , first loss is always the best lost etc . ) reinhard : a rising tide raises all ships , and vice versa , so assess the tide , not the ships . some honorable mentions that have served me well : be patient : don ' t be rattled by fluctuations . when all you ' re left with is hope , get out . never catch a falling knife . cut your losers , and let your winners ride . bear markets begin in good times . bull markets begin in bad times . draw trendlines . if a stock is in a downtrend don ' t go long , and visa versa . if you learn one candlestick pattern , learn doji at the top of a trend . contrarians are correct at turning points in the market , but wrong the rest of the time . goldeditor : what books do you recommend for the beginning trader ? reinhard : technical analysis of the financial markets : a comprehensive guide to trading methods and applications by john j . murphy trading for a living : psychology , trading tactics , money management by alexander elder financial reckoning day : surviving the soft depression of the 21 st century by william bonner reminiscences of a stock operator by edwin lefvre goldeditor : richard , thank you for your insights on the price of gold . i ' m sure your technical expertise has helped many of our subscribers be better investors . we are going to do an update with you in six months . we look forward to talking to you then . to unsubscribe from this publication , please click on the box below . gold editor po box 48451 bentall centre vancouver , bc v 7 x la 2 canada  
2	Subject: free full length tee _ n movies for download hello bro , exclusive models only using cock at maximum ! fingers + cock in the pussy . finger for the ass , cock for the pussy . we offer the best service : http : / / aerolinenow . com / upj /  
2	Subject: get your own replica do you want a watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches and other brands . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / bp 9 . net / rep / rolex / 1 / best regards , darwin summer no thanks : http : / / bp 9 . net / z . php  
2	Subject: professional logo for you now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq iogo , presentabie stationery items and professionai website . these marketing tools wili siqnificantiy contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deai packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 16 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 516 . xls ) - hplno 516 . xls 
2	Subject: re : september 11 , 2001 hi my name is jason , i recently visited www . muhajabah . com / wtc . htm and wanted to offer my services . we could help you with your september 11 , 2001 website . we create websites that mean business for you ! here ' s the best part , after we recreate your site in the initial setup , we give you a user - friendly master control panel . you now have the ability to easily add or remove copy , text , pictures , products , prices , etc . when you want to ! i would be happy to contact you and brainstorm some ideas . regards - jasononline store creatorstoll free : 800 - 658 - 9978 ext : 206 http : / / www . . comwe are can - spam complientif you do not want to receive these informational emails in the future , please unsubscribe . 
2	Subject: microsoft autoroute 2005 dvd uk - $ 19 . 95 discounted software store http : / / yielded . jetlow . com / its never just a game when you ' re winning . character is who you are when no one is looking . the loss which is unknown is no loss at all . 
2	Subject: pending ferc order , west - wide mitigation the following report is comprised of what was discussed at the commission meeting held yesterday and additional intelligence gathered from ferc staffers after the meeting . we are awaiting the final order and will update this report as soon as it issues . generally , the order is expected to expand the scope of the commission ' s april 26 order , and this report will highlight the differences . geographical scope - mitigation is extended to cover all 11 western states . term - the term of the order will be extended to cover 2 summers . we expect the order to issue today . if so , the order will take effect at midnight tonight and continue in effect until 9 / 30 / 02 . spot market - defined as sales of 24 hours or less , transacted on the day of delivery or the day prior to delivery . must sell - to prevent physical withholding , the plan will require all sellers to offer all their available power in real time . all california generators , even those not subject to ferc price regulation , will be required to sell into the iso ' s real time market . sellers in the rest of the wscc are similarly required to sell , except that they are not required to sell into california and can choose their spot market . they will be required to post available power on the western systems power pool board . hydroelectric facilities will continue to be exempted . price mitigation - expanded to be in place 24 hours per day , 7 days per week . applies to all sellers , including marketers and non - public utilities . the plan retains a single market clearing price auction for the spot market , based on marginal cost bids . the proxy price formula is changed in several respects : 1 . gas price will be the average of the mid - point of the monthly bid week prices as reported in gas daily for malin , socal gas large packages and pg & e city gate . 2 . o provided that marketers may not bid above the proxy price . ferc will consider the entire portfolio of a seller who seeks to justify a higher price than the proxy . generators may seek cost based rates for their entire portfolio in ca if they so choose ( i . e . no cherry picking ) . demand side management - the plan originally set forth in the april 26 order is expected be removed in this order . iso reporting - iso will need to report on a quarterly basis as to the status of building supply in ca . comments - comments will be sought on the issue of whether the price mitigation formula should be adjusted in response to expected varying load conditions due to seasonal changes . settlement conference - the settlement judge will convene a settlement conference on the refund issue no later than june 25 ( next monday ) and the parties will have 15 days to settle . a report from the judge to the commission is due 7 days thereafter ( for a total of 22 days ) . issues that are not expected to be addressed in the order include confidentiality , iso board issues , iso scheduling penalty application , and market based rate authorization . the order is not finally issued as of yet , and the status of the foregoing items could change upon issuance of a final order . we will keep you posted . ray alvarez 
2	Subject: re : coolpharrmacy hello , do you want to spend less onn your medlcatlons ? visit medlcations by mail sshop and save over 70 % have a nice day . p . s . try us annd you will like our shop ! 
2	Subject: confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the request you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 uznuy order for : vince 1 x ( compaq armada m 700 $ 2722 ) enron it purchasing * please send all status inquiries regarding this request to : mailto : receiving & hardware @ enron . com 
2	Subject: want a watch ? http : / / vwk . afeet . com 
2	Subject: unleash the animal in her , use a ring . experience a better life without involving pills ! bring a smile to your lover ' s face every time you ' re with him ! let me introduce to you something that is fun , exciting and most of all enjoyablethe vibrating ring ! ! this is what this is about the vr is the latest craze to sweep the world and people just can ' t get enough ! its safe , easy - to - use and so cheap , you ' ll want 10 ! ! ! it ' s comfortable design means that it ' s not too invasive or awkward to use and it will expand to fit any size ! so what is this vibrating ring . the vibrating ring is a soft , ring that fits snug at the base , whilst the raised , v tickler stimulates her externally , hitting the right spot everytime ! not only will the firm hold make him stay harder for longer , it will give her those multiple pleasures she ' s only read about ! dont wait for it ! get your vibrating ring today ! and i used to be able to visit all my frens blog ( not tt i ' m kpo or anything ) but now i can only visit certain blogs only . . namely catherine ' s , faizah ' s , xinyi ' s , cindy ' s , phileo ' s and josh ' s . . . i oso can ' t visit the sites i used to frequent in the past . . . . and all this happen juz bcos of the bloody problem wif my com . . . i dun think my mum ' s willing to haf it fixed anytime soon so i still haf to use the damn computer n bear wif it . . . but knowing my short temper , i might juz throw the com outside the window one day . . . . any way that kills saturday , i am getting hungry after all the wife did not let me eat anything before she had to wisk me away to the er . i am thinking no problem i will get some lunch or dinner . . . right . . . wrong . the doc puts me on a clear liquid diet . saturday when i got up not a lot happening , i checked the mail and the missus had a b - day card from my parents . inside was 50 buckaroos , now most would go and spend that money on themselves which is what i expected her to do . nope . . instead she took me out to lunch we had some fun just her and i sitting around talking about nothing in general . time alone is a rare thing . catch you soonnathaniel  
2	Subject: omega 314 : traffic system ( now website traffic is effective charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > website traffic is now effective & intelligent o m e g a 3 1 4 you will be winner with omega 314 ! we have designed our entire traffic exchange system just for you ! our brand new traffic exchange software features something for anyone who needs massive amounts of traffic delivered to their own websites on a consistent basis . . . for absolutely free ! using our traffic exchange system on a daily basis will enable your sites to be seen by thousands of potential prospects 24 hours per day , 365 days of the year ! and of course , you will also get to see thousands and thousands of interesting sites yourself . first you will need to signup for your own free member account ! confirm your registration when you receive our welcome e - mail . then . . . you can login to your new member account and " explore " it . . . setup your own site links and assign them some free credits . . . surf to earn more credits and cash , sell credits , buy advertising , etc . . . its that easy , and new sites are usually approved within 12 hours maxi . upgrade your account after learning how our system can work for you ! 20 second timer for autosurf . 15 second timer for manualsurf . 314 free credits are given to all new members . up to 2 url ' s are allowed for free member accounts . earn credits or cash by visiting other member sites . earn credits or cash by referring others ( up to 10 levels ) . earn credits or cash by playing our online member games . earn credits or cash from members paid to click ads . win extra credits from surfing bonuses ( pay close attention ) . you can purchase banner ads , text ads , or paid to click ads . paid memberships available with more urls , credits and more . . . we disclose full membership and downline information to you . no popups , downloads , frame breakers , site rotators allowed ! members are required to surf 200 sites to receive free credits ( auto mode ) . members are required to surf 100 sites to receive free credits ( manual mode ) . only one account is allowed per person . so , simply signup below and whenever you want to receive more free traffic just go into your account and click the auto / manual surf link . or . . . you can set your browser start page to your auto / manual surf page ! s p e c i a l : earn cash with us we have a generous affiliate program for accounts upgraded ( take a look in panel user for this ) earn huge monthly commissions just by sending surfers to omega 314 . for our affilate program , your must have imperatively an account : * omega or * omega + and much more ! * referral contest is started since 07 - 15 - 2005 at 00 h 00 gmt + 2 . * end contest : 07 - 30 - 2005 at 00 h 00 gmt + 2 . * top 10 referrers are displayed on main page in real time . * for winner : 1 free account omega + for 1 month . * warning : we have added also an anti - cheating ! good luck ! : - ) o m e g a 3 1 4  
2	Subject: re : capacity posting procedures pursuant to our meeting , i was to check the posting timelines to see if we could make the 1 day category , include 5 months or less rather than less than 5 months . based on a recent decision ( march 16 , 2001 ) in columbia gas transmission co , i think we can . in columbia , the commission approved columbia ' s proposal to establish an interactive auction process in which firm capacity available for less than one year would be posted for an initial one hour period from 7 : 00 am to 8 : 00 a . m . capacity offered for one year or more would be subject to an initial posting period of 5 days . this indicates movement by the commission to much shorter posting periods for capacity available for less than one year . i think we can modify our procedures to include up to 5 months in the 1 day posting category . however , we may want to consider combining the 3 day category and 1 day category into one 1 day category for capacity offered for less than one year . in addition , for capacity offered for one year or more , columbia will advertise a proposed offer on its ebb one day prior to the five - day posting of the capacity . ( this supports a special posting in advance . ) although it is good to have these internal procedures , what is important to the commission is that pipeline tariffs set forth specific procedures regarding the availability of capacity . the columbia order also gave guidance on when a pipeline has to accept a bid for max rates . columbia proposed that it not be required to sell capacity to shippers bidding the maximum rate for a term of less than 12 months until one day prior to the commencement of gas flow detailed in the auction package . the commission rejected this in favor of the industrials ' proposal : beginning 30 days before the capacity is available for service , columbia must accept bids at the max rate for a term of five months to less than 12 months . beginning seven days before the capacity is available , columbia must accept maximum rate bids for terms of more than one month to less tha 5 months . columbia must accept maximum rate bids for a term of one month or less one day before gas flows . thanks , maria - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hass , glen sent : wednesday , may 30 , 2001 4 : 32 pm to : harris , steven ; miller , mary kay ; fossum , drew ; dornan , dari ; pavlou , maria ; pryor , tony ; donoho , lindy ; watson , kimberly ; darveaux , mary ; fawcett , jeffery ; lokay , michelle ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; kirk , steve ; paladino , ranelle subject : capacity posting procedures attached for your review is a redlined draft of tw ' s capacity posting procedure including changes suggested at our meeting yesterday . one remaining item is to decide whether capacity available for " less than 5 months " or " 5 months or less " will be designated as 1 day postings . please review and advise if you have any additional comments . thanks . gh > 
2	Subject: girls in uniform click here to be removed  
2	Subject: re : energy conference - sydney chris , thanks for the invitation . i shall be glad to meet you and your family in sydney at your home . i am enclosing the draft of my part of the chapter . it ' s more than preliminary but i hope to improve it greatly over the weekend . i shall forward you a new version on sunday evening my time . grant is moving along on his part . i hope it reduces the penalty to broken knee - caps . i shall send you a longer message from home to give you an update on my conversations with eprm regarding the articles . vince " chris strickland " on 06 / 01 / 2000 07 : 45 : 53 am please respond to " chris strickland " to : " vincejkaminski " cc : " julie " subject : energy conference - sydney hi vince , ? just a friendly reminder that the hired guns are making their way up to houston to visit with you and grant . ? i was reading the promotional material for the eprm conference here in july . i wanted to invite you to dinner at my apartment on the evening between the main conference and the post - conference seminars ( 18 th july ) . we have a pretty spectacular view of the harbour here that you might enjoy . ? best regards . ? chris . ? dr chris strickland ? school of finance and economics , university of technology , sydney financial options research centre , university of warwick , uk ? director , lacima consultants ltd www . lacima . co . uk 
2	Subject: re : replied resume vince / sally it appears that the implied vol on this one is quite high . perhaps we can lower our var using historical vols . i would be happy to interview him . his resume does not appear to be research - worthy by any stretch so i guess rac or ops might be a fit should i forward his resume to tony vasut and bring him in to see a couple of racs and a couple of ops as sort of a first exploratory interview ? ? sally - pls advise your thoughts . vince - is this the price of being a risk management rock star ? ted vince j kaminski 06 / 23 / 2000 08 : 18 am to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : replied resume i am forwarding a resume of one candidate who is very persistent and quite aggressive . please , take a look at him . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000 08 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - eric hilton on 06 / 22 / 2000 11 : 20 : 11 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : replied resume mr . kaminski , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i sent an actual resume via the postal service . i guess you never received it . thank you for your patience . a few features i possess that suggest that i may be a representative your well established company would value are : ? seven - plus years as a manager / junior executive of logistics in a fast - paced , demanding , and constantly evolving retail industry . experience in effectively developing and implementing policies and tasks under marketing , logistics , brand management , and best practices . ba degree in marketing with a 3 . 88 gpa from the university of san moritz , london england . extensive knowledge in management with the ability to effectively manage multiple tasks , as well as multiple associates , to achieve specific goals in research and brand management within the company ' s deadline . seven - plus years effectively implementing and teaching dynamic and successful customer service . with my current employer , i am in charge of logistics research and reports / data collection , as well as responsible for developing new and successful ideas and implementing them under constantly evolving brand management and best practices . traveling to london , england and extensively finishing my degree indicates that i am willing to go the  & extra mile  8 to achieve and obtain my goals . perhaps , mr . kaminiski , ? i am an associate you need at your well - respected company . i would be very happy to meet with you , at your convenience , to discuss the possibility of putting my education and experience to work for enron . thank you for your consideration . i look forward to hearing from you . i have attached my resume to this email formatted under microsoft word . warmest regards , eric hilton ? - my resume 
2	Subject: spermatazoa flavour improvement some testimonials : geoffrey - - - - 47 , male , uk what you claim is wrong . my sperm volume didn ' t increase by 500 % . it increased by zillion % ken - - - 38 , male , canada i fear it will become so thick my girl could get hurt .  3 d ) sharon - - - female , uk my husband decided to try spur - m , and the results are great ! i just love it when it starts spurting out jose - - - 29 , male , usa i cannot believe how good my semen has become . it is a thick blob that shoots like a rocket . my wife says she can feel the force with which my semen hits her inside , which earlier she couldn ' t even feel . i don ' t know about other customers but i am lovin it . michael - - - 41 , male , hong kong i always dreamt of shooting like a porn star and i can do it now , my girl cannot eat as much as i can shoot . my wife and i had been looking for a product to help with boosting male fertility . i am happy to say that test results have improved in the time i have been using spur - m ( 2 months ) . thank you for your assistance , and for the supply of spur - m m . rosenberg , nyc , usa http : / / kasey . gravesides . com / spur / ? sheep not interested , go here http : / / middleton . gravesides . com / rm . php  
2	Subject: retention policy on trading tapes effective october 15 , 2000 , the retention period on tape recordings of trades done by telephone will be reduced from four months to one month . the tapes regarding significant transactions may be retained for such longer period as approved in writing by both the head trader and the general counsel . please propose those significant transactions on which you may wish to retain the tapes , prior to october 15 , 2000 , since the tapes on conversations older than one month ( except with respect to litigation matters ) will be destroyed on that date . if you have any questions , please contact mark haedicke or richard sanders . john lavorato and mark haedicke 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010706 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 6 / preferred : 373 . 79 / final : 373 . 76 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 7 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: fwd : work hence perfect equilibrium between the interior and exterior pressure , which thus neutralise each other , and which allows you to bear it without inconvenience no msg this magnificent irradiation must have been produced by an agent of great shining power . hobson ' s letter i no more thought of pursuing the unicorn than of attempting the passage of the north sea ! ! ! only one amongst us , conseil , seemed to protest by his indifference against the question which so interested us all , and seemed to be out of keeping with the general enthusiasm on board . 
2	Subject: re : columbus energy deals fyi for you daren . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 02 / 29 / 2000 04 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : melissa graves @ ect 02 / 29 / 2000 01 : 16 pm to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : columbus energy deals tom , please add the following to the one month ticket with columbus energy for march ( deal number : 203354 ) counterparty meter volumes price columbus energy corp . 6746 811 mmbtu 95 % gas daily hsc " 6764 426 mmbtu " " 9634 1474 mmbtu " thank you , melissa tom acton @ enron 02 / 29 / 2000 12 : 49 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : columbus energy deals just send me a lotus note with all the info that i will need , then i can put it in my file when i ' m done . 
2	Subject: re : follow - up interview on 8 / 21 / 00 rabi , thanks for your message . everybody who interviewed you was greatly impressed with your technical skills and professional attitude . we shall extend an offer to you within a day or two . vince rabi de on 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 57 : 37 pm to : vince kaminsky cc : subject : follow - up interview on 8 / 21 / 00 dear dr . kaminsky : thank you very much for arranging the follow - up interview with your internal clients . i visited mr . ted murphy and his staff at rac and mr . dennis benevides at ees yesterday . i was impressed with level of risk technology employed by enron to achieve its business objectives . i want to reiterate my strong interest in joining your group , which is held in very high esteem both inside and outside of enron . ? i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , rabi s . de do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere ! 
2	Subject: cartier , piaget , rolex replicas - expensive look without the expensive price - longines , louis vuitton , omega - 776112 l 482 nw 31 cartier , piaget , rolex replicas - expensive look without the expensive price - longines , louis vuitton , omega - 139259 do not miss this - http : / / illimitable . weruxvnnww . info / ? q 6 no more adz - http : / / arteriosclerosis . werhlksdhb . info / digram ? rdztzwyovo 2 zwrxcarbonic 9943 ab 98  
2	Subject: tenaska 2 / 01 we need to forward the money from the feb 2001 brazos sale to tenaska iv . i am assuming you want to handle this as before by entering a purchase demand fee on deal 529856 in the amount of $ 1 , 143 , 484 . 53 . there is already a demand fee for feb 2001 for $ 29 , 851 . 64 , so i think we just need to change that to the new amount . let me know if you want to handle this differently . megan 
2	Subject: gtv weekly project status update please find below the gtv weekly project status update and the attached file for the updated project time lines . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , jeremy wong , francis lim , chuck ames , geoff storey , karima husain , jay krish , mike swaim , nayan dattani , george grant , dave nommensen , narasim kasaru , dat truong . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed . o expandable total in cash position has been completed . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o phase 1 of single point of deal entry for term deals is in user test . ? gas daily deals : o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms have been worked on , and are in user test . o curve shift reports are under development and will be completed this week . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o changes to portcalc application have been completed and in user test . o the option delta change forward month report has been completed and in user test . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . plans for the week ending 6 / 8 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o changes to curve shift report for gdi calc . o change cpr portcalc to value outer month positions . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . issues / open items : none notes ? portcalc changes for gas daily and cpr deals have been taking longer than originally estimated due to new items and complexities uncovered during development . ? the user acceptance test for cash position in tds has been held up by the portcalc changes . ? for phase 1 single point of deal entry for term deals , the user acceptance test uncovered some additional work needed . the team has been working closely with geof , chuck , russ and george to provide the needed functionalities . ? the user has been testing the changes for gas daily options ( phase 2 ) for the last few weeks . it development was completed a few weeks ago . no new changes have been requested . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: fw : [ availabilities ] 73 % off vicodin . process fetches fargo baseness conduciveness sculptor espousing reworking unanimity brillouin desertion oxonian irritable pressuring presence contributes generosities cooperatively southbound inspiring analogously stadium hammond continents faustus hoodwinks punitive burden cache underplays insulted preconditioned showpiece hampers barnes atlantis engaging bittersweet - - phone : 788 - 119 - 3984 mobile : 897 - 479 - 5996 email : ivor . denver @ wanadoo . fr  
2	Subject: really workks very good hello , welcome to the medzonli midwinter ne - online pharmaceutical sh semiquaver op . burnisher va arbour um teenyweeny vi permit rac seminar i torrefy is amaranth li a question g helium al andmanyother . with coherer our shop you get - best shipyard prlces excellent servic perfume e fast shippin anabranch g priv certainty ate online ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122107 . txt 
2	Subject: chance asked me to send this to you your woman wants you bigger n better . be so in no time , secret formula . 100 % natural her 8 . gaain up 2 8 inch 3 ss . http : / / 1800 men . info / i / en / kathryn underwood raymond exports incandescent . tel : 593 . 6628200 email : jykefjxlj @ lemel . fr 
2	Subject: re : walium ciallls viaggra hello , would you like to spend less on your meddlcatlons ? visit pharmacybymail sshop and save over 80 % v gr ia aas low as $ 200 . 00 ( 120 piiis ) ci li a sas low as $ 180 . 00 ( 80 piiis ) va iu l mas low as $ 250 . 00 ( 220 piiis ) le t vi raas low as $ 300 . 00 ( 50 piiis ) x a an xas low as $ 270 . 00 ( 200 piiis ) and many other have a nice day . p . s . you will be pleasantly surprised with ourr prices ! 
2	Subject: best online drugs here prohibitory merrymake reprisal wolff contextual bramble budge biscuit gershwin audio need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here comedian hexadecimal chat debugged lantern elementary  
2	Subject: are you paying for ppv & sporting events ? : rqmbnhkxp are you ready to save big on your cable bill ? if you are tired of paying for pay - per view movies , adult movies , sporting events , or movie channels than this product is for you ! the enhanced , 4 th generation digital cable decrambler will not only enhance the quality of your signal , but will get you each of the above services for free ! this product makes for the perfect christmas gift and is now at an unbeatable price of only $ 60 . 00 per filter . we also ship anywhere in the world and offer the best warranty on the market ! if this product ever breaks in any way , shape , or form , we will gladly exchange it for you ! get this 4 th generation cable filter now while supplies last ! click to get yours today - - remove me - - click to remove  
2	Subject: longview dash request louise : a termination of equipment associated with the longview project on or before 10 / 31 / 01 will require enron to write - off approximately $ 23 million , not inclusive of approximately $ 3 million in development costs to date . to extend orders for equipment to 11 / 30 / 01 will cost an additional $ 5 . 3 million in cancellation charges . to extend orders for equipment to 12 / 31 / 01 will cost an additional $ 8 . 7 million ( inclusive of the $ 5 . 3 million above , therefore , net $ 3 . 4 million ) in cancellation charges . termination at any time between now and year - end 2001 provides no material recovery potential for money spent . regards , chip schneider 713 - 853 - 1789 ecn 2864 
2	Subject: enron policies on equal employment , harassment prevention and fair treatment management and employees both have roles in meeting enron ' s commitment to equal employment opportunity , and harassment prevention . to achieve enron ' s vision , we need to recruit , select , retain , and manage the most talented people effectively . we expect all employees to demonstrate enron ' s values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence in the workplace . our efforts to achieve equal employment , and prevent harassment for all employees will guide us towards ensuring that each employee and organization is as productive , inventive , and competitive as possible in a world of changes . enron is an equal employment opportunity ( eeo ) employer . in choosing to do business with federal , state , and city government agencies , enron implements affirmative action plans ( aap ) to recruit , retain , and promote women , minorities , individuals with disabilities , and covered veterans . our efforts are inclusive and based on sound business practices , individual qualifications and merit . employee and management conduct is expected to be inclusive and equitable in all aspects of the workplace , including recruitment , applicant screening , hiring , training , assignments , compensation , benefits , job performance evaluation , disciplinary action , separation , and the like . there is no place at enron for management practices that include bias , favoritism , discrimination , harassment , or conduct that otherwise violates the law or company policy . enron ' s harassment prevention policy was developed to prevent harassment and help all employees to maintain a productive and mutually rewarding work relationship . harassment of any type , including sexual harassment , is contrary to our policy and preventable with education and respectful personal behavior . we want all employees to know what harassment is , how to prevent it and how to report it . our policy outlines these unacceptable behaviors and helps employees better understand work - related expectations and steps . every employee at enron is expected to prevent harassment and report it if it happens . enron ' s fair treatment policy was developed to provide and maintain a work environment in which all employees are treated equitably . our goal is to resolve employment disputes promptly , informally and ( where possible ) at the lowest level . employees who believe they are treated unfairly are encouraged to discuss the matter with their immediate supervisor . when a concern of unfair , unlawful or unsafe treatment is raised , it will be investigated thoroughly and promptly . an effective resolution will be reached based on all the information . the company will take reasonable steps to ensure confidentiality , but must act on assertions indicating that a violation of policy or law has occurred . each of these policies is available for review at http : / / home . enron . com / resources . please familiarize yourself with these policies . enron expects and encourages every worker to report workplace issues of concern . if you need to speak with anyone someone regarding these policies or if an incident occurs that concerns you , please talk with your supervisor , contact your human resources representative , or call enron ' s office of labor and employment relations department at 713 - 853 - 7573 . management is expected to ensure retaliation does not occur . in addition , cindy olson , as is enron ' s eeo officer . as and executive vice president of human resources and community relations , cindy has the responsibility , authority , and full support of enron to ensure that all employees can avail themselves of our policies . your support of respectful workplace relationships adds to a productive and rewarding work environment . in turn , such personal and organizational success adds to enron ' s business success . thank you . 
2	Subject: something unusual just her size . city ease , doctor went idea , symbol . again friend , week roll fast , base . number answer two , may plain . ship it fill desert letter . sun act , nothing , far . even with fly among . song ask , rock cut wide all . lot by stop us , problem . - - phone : 780 - 537 - 8840 mobile : 699 - 565 - 4015 email : paise . linford @ ispnetbilling . com  
2	Subject: 86 % off for all new software . vindictive redefined energy , yet cut against before horse . land , million would short . south night past . stay , no he . sound protect home like colony rub . able on two are . either tell lay probable tube . dry , true square show open , bird . car , get suit we . be both six .  
2	Subject: chris calger his asst . called to let you know he will be out of the office for the rest of the week . his wife is in the hospital and has been for the last 2 1 / 2 weeks with pregnancy complications . they are suppose to induce her ( not sure exactly when ) and she thought chris might be back in the office on monday . he will be checking his voicemail and emails and will probably call in to the office a couple times a day . i will be sure to send flowers when the baby arrives . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen ( 713 ) 853 - 4220 ( 713 ) 646 - 8562 fax ( 713 ) 253 - 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 19 , 2000 teco tap 25 . 000 / enron ; 100 . 000 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: ets - omaha organizational accouncement from the desk of chuck wilkinson : i am pleased to announce that tom halpin has accepted the position of account director for the north power and business development department effective july 1 . tom replaces l . d . stephens who was recently promoted to operations director in liberal . in this capacity , tom will help identify , evaluate and develop new capital projects , as well as new products and services for ets . tom ' s extensive technical knowledge and expertise of the mid - continent pipeline grid , along with his strong analytical and negotiation skills , will add immediate value to the department in its pursuit of new market opportunities . he will continue to work in omaha . tom brings over 14 years of technical experience to the job . he is currently project manager for the engineering & construction department , a position he ' s held since may , 2000 . he joined enron in september , 1997 , as a project engineer for nng . prior to enron , he held several technical positions with amoco , in their refining and liquid and natural gas pipeline businesses . tom has a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from the university of notre dame , and is completing an mba from creighton university . he is a licensed professional engineer in the states of illinois and indiana . please join me in welcoming tom to the business development and marketing division . 
2	Subject: promote business remove please click here : emailadl 234 @ sina . com we will remove at once . thank you business opportunity ! we offer you e - mail addresses databases for advertisement mailing ; we sell databases also carry out mailing and hosting for the advertising projects . these are all 100 % opt - in email addresses , meaning that the subscribers have requested to receive info on subjects they are interested in . this is not junk mail . our opt - in email lists are 100 % permission - based and 100 % legal to use . all emails are verified and fresh . products world email lists . their validity and originality are verified . details please go to our website country or area total emails and price america 175 million email address europe 156 million email address asia 168 million email address china ( prc ) 80 million email address hongkong 3 . 25 million email address taiwan 2 . 25 million email address japan 27 million email address australia 6 million email address canada 10 million email address russia 38 million email address england 22 million email address german 40 million email address france 38 million email address india 12 million email address other country or area category name total emails apparel , fashion , textiles and leather 4 , 654 , 565 automobile transportation 6 , 547 , 845 business services 6 , 366 , 344 chemicals 3 , 445 , 565 computer telecommunications 654 , 655 construction real estate 3 , 443 , 544 consumer electronics 1 , 333 , 443 energy , minerals metals 6 , 765 , 683 environment 656 , 533 food agriculture 1 , 235 , 354 gems jewellery 565 , 438 health beauty 804 , 654 home supplies 323 , 232 industrial supplies 415 , 668 office supplies 1 , 559 , 892 packaging paper 5 , 675 , 648 printing publishing 6 , 563 , 445 security protection 5 , 653 , 494 sports entertainment 3 , 488 , 455 toys , gifts and handicrafts 2 , 135 , 654   all of country email lists + email sender express + add url express + etrae express + ebook send your ad to millions 10 million bulk email 50 million bulk email 100 million bulk email 200 million bulk email imagine emailing 500 , 000 recipients and 1 out of every 1000 orders your product , that ' s 500 new orders ! * we go all - out to make sure our customers are completely satisfied * if any emails fail to make delivery , we replace them free of charge * 100 % spam free , rest assured you will not be accused of spamming * almost all of our emails are sent to valid email addresses * no software required , we do all the mailing from our own server * don ' t be fooled in signing up with similar sites offering services that cannot compare to ours * get the most bang for your buck with bulk email advantage ! products 2 web hosting we offer web hosting service . price : 100 mb / 1 year $ 50 us 200 mb / 1 year $ 80 us lgb / 1 year $ 120 us 2 gb / 1 year $ 180 us details go to website if you can ' t see website or have some questions , please email us : web 987 @ 163 . com thank you the email company copyright   2004 - 2005 all reserved remove please click here : emailadl 234 @ sina . comwe will remove at once . thank you  
2	Subject: advisory council meeting - october 30 - 31 , 2001 please note that the next meeting of the enron advisory council is october 30 - 31 in london . if you plan to be in london on other business you are welcome at attend , but your attendance is not mandatory . please contact joannie williamson at 713 - 853 - 1769 , or via e - mail if you plan to attend . the final agenda is being developed and will be distributed well in advance of the meeting . ken 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123118 . txt 
2	Subject: make money giving away free stuff ! make money with your own free stuff website ! get your own free stuff website . with freestores . biz , there is no need to learn any programming skills . your store is automatically set up for you . of course , you are welcome to customize your store using the tools offered in the owner ' s back office . optional customization includes adding your own logo and changing color schemes . you may also add as many as 5 stores to your account at no additional charge ! access to hundreds of free products ! freestores . biz is always on the lookout for new free products to add to the warehouse . every time a new product is located , it is automatically added to your store in the appropriate category . when your customers order products , they are shipped from our warehouse directly to your customers . there is no inventory for you to manage - ever ! act now and receive a brand - new 1 . 2 ghz gateway  computer monthly commissions ! you earn $ 3 for every free item ordered by your customers . in your back office , you have access to statistics which will tell you exactly how many customers you had in your store each day , how many items were purchased , and most importantly , how much commission you earned ! true make money while you sleep business ! you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: re : tw / conoco in lea county , nm michelle , i wanted to know about connecting into the suction of wt - 1 ( not sure i have the name correct , but the station located off of hwy 180 / 62 carlsbad / hobbs highway ) . we have a line we are evaluating converting to lean gathering . it passes about 1 mile from this station . is it possible to connect there . we will be looking for 19 mmcfd initially and then increasing to 30 if the volume shows up . we currently have about 13 mmcfd we would take into this point . cet > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : lokay , michelle [ smtp : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ] > sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 3 : 49 pm > to : charles . e . teacle @ usa . conoco . com > subject : fw : tw / conoco in lea county , nm > > > > 
2	Subject: what is oem software and why do you care ? download and buy cds all software under $ 15 - $ 99 you cannot shake hands with a clenched fist . the wise man avoids evil by anticipating it . - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: enron damn ! ! ! ! what are you guys doing down there . i leave you alone and the place goes to hell in a hand - basket . i ' m sure glad my portfolio is diversified into stocks that have lost even more money than enron ( chuckle ) . hang in there . . . . . . . . . this has happened before . if it gets bad enough call me and i ' ll buy you lunch . ken p . s . i finally get to see my beloved huskers in waco this year . it is not the same as mecca ( lincoln ) , but it ' ll do . besides we will have more red there than baylor green . 
2	Subject: fw : update on srp margin call - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , steve c . ( legal ) sent : wednesday , november 07 , 2001 7 : 30 pm to : belden , tim cc : sager , elizabeth ; bradford , william s . ; ngo , tracy subject : update on srp margin call importance : high tim , as you know , srp made a margin call to epmi on monday , by letter , seeking $ 5 . 5 million in margin under a " one - off " contract . tracy and i sent a letter back on tuesday , arguing that the contract does not permit srp to call for additional margin unless ene is downgraded to junk status . srp responded to our letter this afternoon . predictably , srp disagrees with our view of the contract and demands its margin . srp says that it will treat our failure to post $ 5 . 5 million by monday , november 12 , in either cash or an irrevocable letter of credit , as an event of default and will terminate the contract . if this happens , epmi would have to make a payment of $ 5 . 5 million within 10 days of receipt of an invoice from srp . as you know , tracy and i strongly believe that the contract does not support srp ' s right to call for margin at this time . however , the contract is not perfect ( they drafted it , after all ) and there is a sentence fragment that supports their position . i recommend that we treat the srp - epmi dispute regarding the margining criteria under this agreement as a " dispute " under section 17 . disputes are first submitted to authorized representatives ( each company designates an authorized representative ) to resolve . if the authorized representatives cannot reach agreement within 30 days , then the dispute is forwarded to you and your equivalent at srp ( the " executives " ) . the executives have to meet within 30 days to resolve the issue . if the executives cannot resolve the issue within 30 days , then both parties can choose arbitration , or either party can take the matter to court . in summary , best case , this option gets us up to 90 days before we have to arbitrate / litigate the issue . otherwise , we better prepare to post collateral monday . if you want to handle this matter by taking the " dispute " route , i should send a letter out tomorrow to srp giving notice that we wish to try to resolve this through the contract ' s " dispute " provisions . steve ( i should also mention that tracy has informed me that srp plans to issue a margin call on our wspp contracts ( approximately $ 4 . 5 million ) as soon as it calculates the amount due . ) 
2	Subject: next day delivery prescripiton medicine inexplicit doll ammunition russia sara bolster need a prescribed medication ? we have it ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now nevins teapot lois craig magistrate barber  
2	Subject: welcome to - energy news live dear vincent kaminski , welcome to energy news live - http : / / www . energynewslive . com ! you are receiving this email as a result of your recent registration . free energy news live membership we ' re glad you ' ve joined us ; we think you ' ll find enl an amazing business tool , with live , up - to the - minute news every hour on the hour of every business day . insight from actual traders . exotic and proprietary weather modeling . a new cross - commodity index . we ' ll break every energy headline around the world , and bring them right to your desktop . so sign on , leave it on , stay on top . and enjoy your membership to energynewslive . com , the first real - time energy network . also , thank you for your request to receive more information from energynewslive . com . keep checking your email for updates and special offers . if you did not request to receive special offers from enl please click here to de - activate : you have also indicated that you would like to receive a daily video wrap - up from energynewslive . com . if you did not request to receive a daily video wrap - up from enl please click here to de - activate : sincerely , the energy news live team 
2	Subject: let ' s have a decent chat hi , john told me you and i would fit well together . . . i figured out i would email you to know more about you . i will be in town next week . so here is a bit more information about me and what i ' m looking for : i ' m a 18 years old lady looking for fun and new friends . nothing serious for now but who knows where it might get us ! i ' d like to meet you or exchange a chat / pictures with you . i ' l be moving arround your town soon . i also got a webcam : ) there are plenty of other things i could tell you ! just send me a message and we ' ll chat i would love to chat with you , you can visit my profile there : accommodate sachs if you don ' t wanna receive my emails anymore you can click on this : http : / / www . datingwebsiteemail . info / x . php ? nb  5  
2	Subject: porn free for life hi georgia fischer , special one time promotion . no charge membership site for life ! use credit card for age verification purposes only ! then you are in . their hopes are they get you in then you like it so much you want to upgrade to buy another product . it ' s up to you ! your choice . no more ?  
2	Subject: immigration update louise and marcus , immigration is status quo . i need louise to send over a copy of her new social security card received in the mail and her new prescription card . best regards , 
2	Subject: specal offer on wndows x * p media center edition mlcro ' soft software s @ le : we have everything ! windows x * p professional 20 o 2 . . . . . . . . . . . 5 o adobe photoshop 7 . o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o m ! crosoft offlce x . p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o please 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / urbana . bestsoftshop . info / see you soon forest blevins etymologist shuntong non - woven products co . , ltd , hangzhou - 310012 china , china phone : 119 - 161 - 1951 mobile : 133 - 676 - 6748 email : bnztoztubsj @ dreamer . com . tw please do not reply to this message this package is a 52 second complementary product notes : the contents of this e - mail is for understanding and should not be catherine wonderful creamy cession bartlett time : sat , 11 dec 2004 20 : 04 : 30 + 0200 
2	Subject: i take on public challenges this is an email advertisement . hey . . . bob here ! i ' ve been trying to get a hold of you to see how you ' re doing . so , how are you ? i ' ve been doing really good . i finally found a new job . . . and i ' m doing well . you really should try what i ' ve been doing . i have more free time now that i don ' t have to work a normal 9 to 5 job this year should be fun since i can finally afford to buy all the things that i want with the income . click here let me know how it goes . bob this is an esi email message . if you no longer wish to receive emails from us . . . please click here or mail to 5072 n . 300 w . , provo ut 84604 . should you wish to no longer receive mail of any type in the future . . . please click here  
2	Subject: how low can you go dear homeowner , did you realize that you don ' t need to be paying high rates on your home . we are extending refinance opportunities unheard of in the industry . how would you feel saving hundreds monthly at 3 . 15 % ? follow this link to process an application : approval form . sincerely , sara foster senior account manager www . funding - live . com / r . php . . not interested  
2	Subject: tw bullets 8 / 11 interactive open season - tw held its third ios of the year this week for 14 , 000 mmbtu / d of space from east of thoreau to pg & e topock . ten parties originally registered to bid of which 7 actually participated . the high bid was reliant at $ . 138 . gallup compressor - a meeting was held with operations , regulatory , and facility planning personnel to review the performance of the new compressor station . currently , the vibration level has increased . the unit and lateral efficiency are a continuing concern . operations plans to pull the unit apart in early september for an evaluation . at this time , the anticipated 30 , 000 mmbtu / d of " additional " capacity we hoped to have is now not available . there is also concern that we may be unable to meet our currently subscribed ft obligation . el paso all american - we attended the el paso pipeline meeting this week as they described their ferc filing to begin the conversion of the all american pipeline from oil to gas . they reiterated several times to attending shippers that the project would not offer any incremental space to the main line . el paso ' s filing centers around the cost and fuel savings from decommissioning very old compressor equipment on their south system and replacing the capacity with the all american line . the cost figures ( conversion and acquisition ) that el paso filed tracked very closely with what transwestern estimated in its evaluation of the pipe . the in - service date is expected to be july 1 , 2001 . transport options - tw commercial reps met with marketing and regulatory personnel from burlington resources , conoco , and texaco this week to review the proposed transport options tariff filing . the meeting was very positive and constructive . several suggestions were made that led to the realization that the best course of action would be to delay the actual tariff filing and have a working group meeting in the houston office . everyone agreed that as much preliminary work as possible should be done before the filing to make the whole process less contentious and to garner more customer support for the tariff . we are trying to schedule the working group session for the third week of august . crawford lateral - a line leak on the lateral this week reduced flow from 50 , 000 mmbtu / d to zero . operations initially estimated 2 - 3 days of down time but actually only required 12 hours . approximately 55 feet of line was replaced . el paso measurement letter - stan horton forwarded the " mis - measurement " letter to el paso management this week . we will follow up in approximately two weeks if they don ' t respond sooner . operator imbalances - met with market services personnel to review operator imbalances across tw ' s system . marketing is supportive of gas control ' s efforts to limit the imbalances and begin allocations if operators schedule gas and then can ' t deliver . with proactive balance management , there is opportunity to realize greater park ' n ride revenue . transcolorado shipper meeting - kevin hyatt will be attending the transcolorado shipper meeting this week in boulder . christine stokes attended the colorado oil & gas association meeting . 
2	Subject: \ / allum $ 75 , xanaax $ 75 , ciall 1 s $ 96 , ambieen $ 72 , \ / iaagra $ 85 realize sister hat boys heaven draw broken , begin cialiis , \ / iaagra , xanaax , \ / alium , ambieen & all . . . . . no long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out todayworldwide shiipping prom 0 tion running now : \ / iaagra : from $ 85 cialiis : from $ 96 xanaax : from $ 75 \ / alium : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 72 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss out this prom 0 tl 0 nlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) reply ears hair delicious will disease land going over  
2	Subject: hi again , here is evangelina spence . i wite you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 352 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : thank you . best regards evangelina spence first account manager 
2	Subject: cialis , valium , viagra , xanax at low price ! no prescription needed ! discount rx is simple , quick , and affordable ! br offering many of today ' s most widely usedbr prescription drugs on the market ! brbr zoloft , xanax , ambien , paxil , valium , viagra and many more ! br just click below for these special savings ! a href  http : / / www . grand 2 packz . com / index . php ? id  188 click here now !  
2	Subject: signing of confirmations fyi . how do you think we ought to handle japan on this topic ? please call to discuss . alan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alan aronowitz / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2000 03 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - david minns @ enron _ development 03 / 27 / 2000 06 : 29 pm to : alan aronowitz @ ect cc : heidi mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , sue subject : signing of confirmations alan further to our discussion last friday ( your thursday ) . the current practice remains whereby confirmations are sent sue ( to be replaced scott ) for signature . however , in recent times due to sue ' s unavailability heidi has been called upon to sign confirmations using her backup authority ( on approx . 3 occasions ) . the report arising from the recent " project doorstop " audit of the sydney office included recommendations on development of a back office function in sydney . this is under active discussion . 
2	Subject: misc software : sale ! hello , we offer all the software you can imagine ! best prices on the net ! examples : $ 50 norton internet security pro 2004 $ 60 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 ahead nero 6 . 3 powerpack $ 80 ms windows 2000 professional $ 60 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 you can find any software you need ! our sites are : best regards , dusti not interested : http : / / just - software . info / soft / chair . php 
2	Subject: teco ' s indian spring plant - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 11 / 08 / 2000 04 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clem cernosek @ ect 11 / 03 / 2000 02 : 28 pm to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , jack simunek / hou / ect @ ect , karry kendall / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , jennifer d pattison / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : teco ' s indian spring plant a meeting was held on november 1 , 2000 at 3 pm in eb 3270 to resolve exxon ' s residue volume issue at teco ' s indian spring plant . exxon ' s issue is that the residue volumes that hpl is recording for exxon ' s account for transportation do not equal to the wellhead volumes produced and delivered to pge . items that were identified so that exxon ' s issue could be resolved : 1 . hpl is responsible for any ua 4 loss / gain and fuel consumed on pge ' s line attributable to exxon ' s big sandy production . 2 . if exxon ' s production exceeds 500 mcf / d , hpl must on a monthly basis elect to process or not process the exxon big sandy gas . if hpl elects to process , then teco buys the products from hpl . 3 . if exxon ' s production flows between 100 mcf / d and 499 mcf / d , then teco can process and makeup the shrinkage to hpl with their own gas volumes . 4 . if exxon ' s production is less than 100 mcf / d , then hpl must terminate the processing agreement . if hpl does not terminate and volume continue to flow at less that 100 mcf / d than hpl loses the shrinkage and must pay to teco an additional $ 500 per month . solution : 1 . hpl will schedule and record the gain / loss volumes at hpl meter # 986884 that is attributable to ua 4 and fuel on the pge line . 2 . hpl will schedule and record the sale volumes of pvr to teco at hpl meter # 986884 . 3 . the scheduling of the volumes for items 1 and 2 will allow for offset volumes to be record as adjustments to exxon ' s transport volumes . 4 . the hpl logistics dept . ( mary poorman ) will inform assets group ( jack simunek ) when and if the volumes nominated for exxon fall below 100 mcf / d . if any of the above does not reflect what was discussed or agreed to , please let me know at x - 36650 . thanks , clem 
2	Subject: make your rivals envy lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a loqo your company wiil automaticaliy become a world ieader : it isquite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: ethink about it : october 9 , 2000 come to espeak thursday , october 12 at 10 : 00 am houston time . cindy olson , executive vice president of human resources and community affairs , will conduct an " open - mike " session on the year - end prc process . remember : you can post your question for cindy ' s espeak at any time before her event on the espeak site . did you ask a question at the all - employee meeting that didn ' t get answered ? have no fear ; emeet is here ! we are in the process of answering outstanding questions and will soon post the responses in a special emeet category : all - employee meeting questions . catchy , isn ' t it ? keep an eye on upcoming ethink about it memos for details on the arrival of the answers . and , in case you ' re curious , there is another anonymous office of the chairman posting just waiting in emeet for you to read it ! 
2	Subject: re : gordon , it was a pleasure talking to you . i shall ask my assistant to send you the reprint . vince kaminski shirley , can you , please , send a copy of the paper on credit risk management ( reprint from the risk book ) . gordon rausser on 04 / 26 / 2000 12 : 02 : 02 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : vince : thank you very much for the useful information you provided me today . as you suggested , i wish to request a copy of the reprint that was published last year in risk . gordon rausser robert gordon sproul distinguished professor dean , college of natural resources university of california 101 giannini hall , mc 3100 berkeley , ca 94720 phone : 510 - 642 - 7171 fax : 510 - 642 - 4612  
2	Subject: why don ' t you like girls that are loose goodbye edition crumplebackhand describe fleeoral showroom abrasionantique bobcat vigilantedecent cattle assessorpandora carcinoma formicaboathouse actuarial emerylaue java pulsatespoof mercator arborealcrop 
2	Subject: hello from chicago i wanted to pass this on to you as a group . richard is taking responsibility to ensure we have the appropriate resources to support our transaction business . if you have questions or comments , or need further information regarding the attached , please contact me @ ( 312 ) 357 - 8869 . thanx ! laura - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by laura luce / corp / enron on 01 / 14 / 2000 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard tomaski 01 / 13 / 2000 07 : 59 pm to : ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect , deirdre mccaffrey / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , berney c aucoin / hou / ect @ ect cc : laura luce / corp / enron @ enron , barbara g dillard / corp / enron @ enron , gregg penman / corp / enron @ enron , kevin p radous / corp / enron @ enron , russell e murrell / corp / enron @ enron subject : hello from chicago hey guys , i just wanted to update everybody on what ' s going on up here in chicago . we ' ve finally got our computers hooked up , so we are off and running now . actually , we got quite of few projects going on up here ( yes , these are real projects ) and we are going to need the houston structuring group for support . i don ' t know if you guys are still short - handed and what kind of projects you may already have lined - up , but i wanted list out some of the projects that we are currently working on . gas lrg project - deirde is currently working on this with russell nss storage - sean boyle helped value both their current and new nss . we are currently working on negotiating with people ' s for these , and i expect that there may be additional requests in the future . manlove summer withdraw program - yes this is not a typo . surprise , surprise . . . manlove can do a lot more than we thought . i ' ve talked to deirdre about it and created a simple model , but i would like to better analyze this with your help . capital improvements - we ' ve got people ' s christmas list of capital projects that we are going to help them analyze and seek if any of these make sense . sendout model - we would like to help them better optimize their morning sendout taking into account current market pricing and the enron supply deal . pbr - we are not sure when or if people ' s will file a pbr , but i think that there are a lot of things that we learned during our previous experience that we can do to help them prepare for a competitive marketplace ( ie transport customers tariff restructuring ) pesc - people ' s is looking for assistance in understanding load following and helping them build models to optimize their retail gas effort san juan pricing - evan has been working with the desk to provide indicative pricing with regard to pec hedging out some of their san juan production reserves power power project development - we have several power projects underway and the ctg group ( billy lemmons ) is helping us create necessary models pesc - the retail power stuff lives . i ' ve think that fallon has a new attitude on these deals and enron has committed to help them figure out this market . power plant balancing model - we have in our portfolio and will be offering balancing / storage services for chicago area power projects . we would like to have a model or at least a better understanding to help us with this endeavor . we have resources in chicago dedicated to these projects , as well as the other stuff we ' re trying to do like negotiate contracts and set up the chicago back office function . we plan on adding our own structuring resources ( in chicago or houston ) , but we felt that we ought to start by figuring out what support the houston office will be able to provide . i will be in the office this monday ( jan 17 ) , so i hope to be able to catch up with you and discuss some of these items then . feel free to contact me if you need to before then at 312 . 357 . 8876 or pager 800 . 778 . 0291 . thanks richard 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122813 . txt 
2	Subject: gymnastics pictures  
2	Subject: toyota fuel guidelines - starting november 17 th tue , 16 nov 2004 07 : 19 : 58 + 0300 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable message - id : og 7 j 38 c 9568 o 563 k 9 l 6 d 85 ca 651 z 6 mojrm @ amexmail . com general motors magazine : digital engine revolutlon br br the new energy and fossil - fuel reduction systems : br br complete article : a href  3 dhttp : / / 123 firm . biz / f / http : / / 123 firm . biz / f /  / a br br br a href  3 dhttp : / / 123 firm . biz * fln 1 sh * / a br meltdown respiratorrastus dram dimethylaphasic emitted emboldenbleach ar orthantashland chatham chaplaincyito surmise blenheimdissonant gay shrill confrontationdistaff gpo scrotumconcussion  
2	Subject: give your partner more pleasure i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here moreover , he was slowly approaching the fire , which , although it had ceased blazing , was a mass of glowing red embers oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 you are strangers in the valley of voe , and do not seem to know our ways ; so i will try to save youthe next moment a broad - leaved plant was jerked from the ground where it grew and held suspended in the air before the wizard in his excitement he turned the indicator this way and that , trying to change the direction of his flight , but the only result of his endeavor was to carry him directly over the fire , where he came to a full stop murder ! help ! fire and blazes ! he cried , as he felt the glow of the coals beneath him  
2	Subject:  ? windows - 1252 ? q ? dsj _ - _ douro _ s _ joao _ music _ fest _ - _ alf  e 2 ndega _ do _ porto _ - _ 23 _ de _ junho ?  d s j douro s . jo?o music fest edif?cio da alf?ndega no porto 23 de junho - a partir das 19 h visite o site oficial do evento www . e - pepper . net e - pepper marketing _ electr?nico mail @ e - pepper . net esta mensagem ? enviada sob a nova legisla??o sobre correio electr?nico , sec??o 301 , par?grafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , t?tulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 ? congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . um e - mail n?o poder? ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem para remover @ e - pepper . net com a palavra remover na linha de assunto . in you want to be removed from the list please send us a message to remover @ e - pepper . net with the word remove in subject .  
2	Subject: ut intern offers dear ut team : as you know , we conducted our intern interviews at ut last week . we interviewed almost 50 candidates during round 1 ( thanks to chris sherman , jim cole , hunter shively , dwight fruge ' , stan dowell , rick carson , and kim chick ) , and our round 2 interviewers ( rick causey , brent price , mark lindsey , and mike deville ) have selected the following 11 candidates for a summer internship : cathy wang 512 - 479 - 7264 ameet rane 512 - 505 - 2045 michelle yee 512 - 495 - 3264 jessica payne 512 - 499 - 8729 wesley thoman 512 - 343 - 8895 pranav gandhi 512 - 294 - 4311 ( active in student government - elections to be held next wednesday and thursday ) daniel payne 512 - 472 - 6739 kruti patel 512 - 356 - 2321 rachel ravanzo 512 - 689 - 3814 ( also interested in the tax group - will decide between the 2 options , but was extended 1 offer ) vivek shah 512 - 495 - 4066 vini adenwala 512 - 457 - 8744 i will send cultivation assignments next week , but in the mean time please feel free to call and congratulate these candidates . i have extended verbal offers to each of them and they should receive their offer letters by the end of next week . thanks to each of our interviewers for their help and long hours ! lexi 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: ua 4 - meter 1441 for 11 / 97 - falfurrias daren - i need your help in resolving this issue . there wasn ' t any deal in oss for the above reference meter , nor could i find anything in cpr . the contract shows 089 - 41500 - 102 representing a sale in the amount of 9448 . thanks , stella 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq tools will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: thank god hes gone come and checkout my new site ! i ' ve used some fairly new pics to show what i look like ; i hope u like them . . . i ' m hoping to meet new people who want to have fun ! take a look ! put that addr . ess below into your browser using copy and pa ste . dont want anymore delaney aitken web delirious chronograph actinolite echo mccabe cargo chauncey formica lability . diplomat parlance biaxial tight darry dendritic coleridge recital peepy solicitude dionysian . elide horsewoman .  
2	Subject: your report ! ufhvv mydiscountsoftware , inc . they have the lowest software prices you will ever see ! inventory closeout sale . this week only . adobe photoshop 6 . 0 79 . 99 ! microsoft office 2000 69 . 99 ! quickbooks pro 59 . 99 ! microsoft windows me 49 . 99 ! value package - get all 4 titles 149 . 99 xnchsuwjfbuyygweqq 
2	Subject: meter 986296 scherlyn , per our conversation here is the meter 986296 , and the months of feb and march this meter needs to go to the 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 contract . thank you sherlyn . let me know and i ' ll enter the new track id ' s . tom . 
2	Subject: notebook plus - - carrying cases t o d a y ' s s p e c i a l visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! notebook plus carrying cases display rack standard @ $ 8 . 90 only ! ref : 429610 ref : 421430 features : sturdy rack supports notebook bags on three levels . perfect accessory for in - store display merchandising fits 15 " notebooks . durable canvas soft - side casing . front compartment for accessories . mid compartment for documents and laptop computer . protects notebooks up to 14 . 5 " x 11 . 5 " . rear compartment for extra documents . mega @ $ 14 . 65 only ! executive @ $ 22 . 85 only ! ref : 433723 features : ref : 421454 features : fits oversized notebooks up to 17 " x 13 " x 2 . 5 " . durable soft - side canvas casing . multiple compartments for notebook accessories and documents . front and interior accessory compartment . mid computer compartment rear slot pocket . soft sided , high quality coskin casing . front compartment for accessories . protects notebooks up to 16 . 5 " x 11 " . mid compartment for documents . side compartment for laptop computer . rear compartment for documents . adjustable shoulder strap . city bag @ $ 15 . 35 only ! sling bag @ $ 19 . 35 only ! ref : 419987 features : ref : 433549 features : high quality sturdy canvas soft side , durable casing . front compartment for accessories . large mid compartment for documents laptop computer . extra compartments for accessories inside bag . protects notebooks up to 10 . 5 " x 10 . 25 " . durable soft - side canvas casing . single padded strap design for comfort and security . front compartments for accessories . mid compartment for notebook computer and documents . rear computer compartment for notebook up to 15 " x 12 " . convenient cell phone pocket . traveler @ $ 29 . 90 only ! aluminium briefcase @ 48 . 50 only ! ref : 431613 features : ref : 431705 features : front - load computer and accessory compartments . extra large luggage area is perfect for overnight trips . recessed in - line skate wheels and telescopic handle for maximum stability . dual zippers allow all compartments to be locked . high - quality sturdy coskin casing . matte silver detailing . meets carry - on guidelines for most major airlines aluminum pressed pc carrying case in silver color . functional pocket to hold document , disk , cd , mobile and pen . pu protective lining with lpc divider . protects notebooks up to 15 " x 11 " x 3 . 3 " . cameras , pdas , etccarrying case @ 5 . 90 only ! " photo bug " camera bag @ 9 . 35 only ! ref : 430517 features : ref : 434102 features : rugged dac case holds standard size digital cameras , pdas and others . accessory compartment with mesh pockets for batteries , flash cards or cables . detachable shoulder strap converts to belt pack . hook and loop closure provides easy access to contents of case . made of durable high quality leather - like koskin or pvc with thick foam padding for maximum protection . soft rugged canvas casing . 2 adjustable main compartment dividers . 3 accessories pockets . heavy - duty zippers . dual adjustable tie - down clasps . detachable shoulder strap . interior dimensions : 5 . 5 " x 3 " x 4 . 25 " . side accessory pockets : 3 " x 3 " x 1 " . front accessory pocket : 5 . 25 x 3 . 5 x 1 . 5 . your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonewww . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : sales @ computron - me . comor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: weekly report may 29 - june 2 please see the attached - eddie 
2	Subject: re : ye , and fagott jabbed free cable * tv drudge plenipotentiary spend dahlia crimea homeowner lura moonlit depressive brian pebble pentane haddad decaffeinate celtic i ' m immoderate fungi asteroidal transliterate border wizard laminar afterimage ream muffle bluegrass sprawl arrowroot act usurpation acquit wily cupboard dante kindred zigzag morel pagan emendable tabular recession sleigh chic monetary algorithm autocrat offertory lid abrade atchison agreeing milieu chivalrous distal corporeal cutset plaque loudspeaker shaken saloonkeep trilogy  
2	Subject: re : valero this is the data i mention to you this morning concerning valero . i will focus on january ' 2000 and you will address nov . ' 99 and dec . ' 99 as you stated . if there are any scheduling issues you need my assistance on for nov . or dec . 1999 , please let me know . i will be on vacation thursday and friday of this week . kenneth seaman 01 / 10 / 2000 09 : 43 am to : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : valero each meter is now to be treated seperately : tickets have been created accordingly . meter 1233 base 148376 swing 148382 buyback 148381 meter 1394 base 148390 swing 148391 buyback 148396 meter 8018 base 148376 swing 148382 buyback 148381 volume management will need to set up accounting arrangements to cover november and december 1999 . scheduling will repath and renom unify , and reallocate pops for january . if anyone has anything to add to this please let me know . ken 
2	Subject: fw : > re : herbal supplements only $ 24 . 99 ! limited supply . ntzy new ! - vigoral herbal love enhancers - new ! straight from our lab to you ! we now offer 3 new - specially formulated 100 % natural - products to help stimulate your moments with that special someone for only $ 24 . 99 ! the most exciting love making experience we ' ve ever had ! vigoral is # 1 , hands down ! - ricardo isabelle p . of las vegas , nv super vigoralfor men super vigorettefor women super vigorgelfor everyone ! all only $ 24 . 99 each get free shipping ! * - limited time offer - - click here to order now ! - your email address was obtained from an opt - in list , opt - in mrsa list purchase code # 248 - 3 - 550 . if you wish to be unsubscribed from this list , please click here and press send to be removed . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may email our abuse control center . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . thank you kindly for your cooperation * note : free shipping on orders of three or more of any product . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: national lottery headquarters : national lottery headquarters : customer service an affiliate of watergate inc . 28 tanfield road , croydon . london ref : eaasl / 941 oyi / 02 batch : 14 / 07 / dc 34 you can as well reply to me through this mail address for more information : terrypark 44 @ yahoo . co . uk winning notification : we happily announce to you the draw of the national sweepstake lottery international programs held on the 4 th of july 2005 in london . your name and e - mail address attached to ticket number : 564 75600545888 with serial number 5388 / 02 drew the lucky umbers : 31 - 6 - 26 - 13 - 35 - 7 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category . you are therefore , been approved to claim a total sum of   5 , 000 . 000 ( five million pound ) in cash credited to file kpc / 9080118308 / 02 . this is from a total cash prize of   75 million pound . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in our play coupon . in view of this , your   5000000 ( five million pound ) would be released to you by our affiliate bank in london . our agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds to you as soon as you make contact with him . all participants were selected randomly from world wide web site through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 companies . this promotion takes place annually . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claimyour prize . this is a part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some unscrupulous elements . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact the officer incharges with the below details for processing of your claims . officer : dr . terry park , financial director email : terrypark 44 @ yahoo . co . uk to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with us or our designated agent . congratulations once more from all members and staffs of this program . thank you for being part of our promotional lottery program . sincerely , dr . terry park euro - asian zonal coordinator 
2	Subject: meetings next week hi guys , vince talked with christie and they both are available next tuesday ( game day ) at 9 am . can you meet then to start preparing an outline ? also would you be up for a presentation at the research group ' s lunch meeting next thursday ? vince will be out , but you ' ll undoubtably get some interesting questions from others at the meeting , if your up for it . let me know soon , and we can schedule you for next thursday . talk to you later ken 
2	Subject: re : october , 2000 deals missing daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 09 / 27 / 2000 12 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 09 / 27 / 2000 11 : 02 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : october , 2000 deals missing bob , please see responses highlighted in red text . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 09 / 26 / 2000 05 : 56 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : october , 2000 deals missing vance , the following deals are missing for october , 2000 : counterparty name meter # nomination type of purchase status camden resources 9858 3 , 000 firm this is a new package of gas ; production is not on - line cokinos natural gas 9840 2 , 500 firm this is a new package of gas ; production is not on - line cross - tex energy 9843 315 firm this is a new package of gas ; production is not on - line crosstech energy 6519 2 firm should darren monitor ; currently not an hplc purchase d . w . pickett 9737 5 n / a k terminated effective 10 / 1 / 00 duke energy 6347 139 spot will submit request for spot ticket engage energy 5848 208 spot will submit request for spot ticket engage energy 5923 779 spot will submit request for spot ticket eog 9645 63 firm formerly aransas drilling ; has evergreen status ( flip flag ) heatherloch 6879 544 single trans firm should darren monitor ; currently not an hplc purchase cummins production is not on - line mcbee operating 6210 7 , 713 firm has evergreen status ; need to " flip flag " north central 5228 3 , 000 firm this is a new package of gas ; production is not on - line onyx gathering 9673 1 n / a k terminated effective 10 / 1 / 00 pringle resources 9849 1 firm this is a new package of gas ; will submit one month ticket shoreline gas 6691 10 n / a k terminated effective 10 / 1 / 00 swift energy 2630 322 spot will submit request for spot ticket tri - union 2697 700 firm this is a new package of gas ; production is not on - line vintage gas 9603 300 spot will submit request for spot ticket white oak 4251 96 firm formerly the lamay corp . whiting petroleum 6523 100 spot will submit request for spot ticket please advise . thanks . bob 
2	Subject: re : purge of old contract _ event _ status fyi - what do you all think ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 12 / 20 / 99 08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : dave nommensen on 12 / 17 / 99 05 : 29 pm to : scotty gilbert / hou / ect @ ect cc : george smith / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : purge of old contract _ event _ status just to clarify , its not the relative age of the production date , but the age of the event itself . d . n . to : george smith , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : purge of old contract _ event _ status do any of you see a problem with limiting this to the current month or current month + 1 need to know soon scotty from : dave nommensen 12 / 17 / 99 03 : 25 pm to : scotty gilbert / hou / ect @ ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect cc : trisha luong / hou / ect @ ect , benedicta tung / hou / ect @ ect , diane e niestrath / hou / ect @ ect , dave mcmullan / hou / ect @ ect subject : purge of old contract _ event _ status scotty / richard , our dbas would like to see what we can do to reduce the qty of rows in contract _ event _ status . we have over 1 gig of data in that table . i would like to suggest we have a nightly or weekly or monthly process to delete any row with a last _ mod _ date over a month ( or two ) old . so if someone balances february 1999 this month , we will keep it around for a month ( or two ) . does any one else have a desire to keep this data for a shorter / longer period of time ? this is not an audit table . this is just a " log " every nom / track / balance / edi send / fax send / sched qty / quick response since the beginning of time . d . n . 
2	Subject: need an extra income ! you assemble and the companies do all the selling ! that ' s right . . . companies provide all materials and simple instructions . . . just complete your work and you ' re makingthe extra money that you deserve . mailenvelopes . com is proud to inform you of this uniqueopportunity to work from the comfort of your home , around your own schedule , and earn as much as you like . here is an example of your awesome potential earnings . . . availableworld wideif you received this message in error or do not wish to received further commecercial e - mail from mailenvelopes , send a reply messge with ' remove ' in the subject line to : remove @ mailenvelopes . com  
2	Subject: tw options customer info here is the revised bullet sheet along with the draft agreement . 
2	Subject: custom logos and identities from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of iogos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wiii brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: gmt . inc . tom , please create a spot ticket for gas that commence flowing on 1 / 14 / 00 at 8 : 30 am . the pertinent information is as follows : counterparty mtr . volume price gmt , inc . 9814 500 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc should you have any questions , please give me a call . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: news you need ! please read fyi - we will not be confirming hourly trades for generators or any other counterparties until further notice . the logistics of the process are still being worked out . in the meantime , keep checking " no confirm " on all deals . bloomberg deals are another story . they do get confirmed everyday . however , the people in the confirms group know this inherently and do not need the added validation of a " yes confirm " checkmark . what they do need is a clue as to which deals have been done with bloomberg , and the best way to convey this is by typing " bloomberg " next to the word " broker " in your deal entry screen . if this is unclear , please let me know . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: re : jan & feb midcon invoices these deals were confirmed with evelyn monroe at midcon and they were all on midcon 92168 ( pipe ) and scheduled on the hpl contract 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 . midcon ' s hpl contract is 36 - 001452 - 3 . please let me know if there are any other questions regarding these deals . thanks , susan . daren j farmer 03 / 29 / 2000 12 : 23 pm to : susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect cc : kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jan & feb midcon invoices were these deals confirmed ? what are the pipes and contracts ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000 12 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kristen j hanson 03 / 29 / 2000 09 : 28 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jan & feb midcon invoices daren , do you have any information on these deals ? we cannot collect the cash from midcon if we can ' t prove to them the deals are valid . thanks , kris tina valadez 03 / 29 / 2000 09 : 19 am to : kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : jan & feb midcon invoices - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina valadez / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000 09 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tina valadez 03 / 27 / 2000 08 : 52 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : jan & feb midcon invoices pat dresner ( accountant ) at midcon texas says she does not show these deals in her system and she can not pay on them . you created the deals in sitara and i don ' t have another trader ' s name . could you please talk to your kn trader regarding this situation ? if midcon really got this gas , then someone at kn should tell their accountant about the deal . prod mo . entity point volume total amount sitara # 1 / 2000 midcon texas gas services corp . 0984132 20000 $ 51 , 600 . 00 157006 2 / 2000 midcon texas gas services 0984132 36000 $ 90 , 900 . 00 166523 2 / 2000 midcon texas pipeline corp . 0984132 80 , 000 $ 206 , 800 . 00 170133 please let me know as soon as possible what you find out . the 2 / 2000 production invoices are due to be paid 3 / 27 . thank you , tina valadez 3 - 7548 
2	Subject: next big mover set to skyrocket secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais ! total shares issued many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 006 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : hl & p 6 / 00 aimee , are you confirming these volumes with hl & p ? we have been doing some special deals at green ' s bayou and the hl & p dealmaker has been calling to find out what the volumes are . i do not think he communicates with his scheduler , is that the case ? anyway , we need to agree with hl & p on what volumes flowed on these special days and get them into the system so they can be billed correctly . aimee lannou 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : hl & p 6 / 00 ed - when you have a chance , i would like to go over this with you . aimee 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 3 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 503 . xls ) - hplno 503 . xls 
2	Subject: reviewer approval please note that your employees have suggested the following people to complete a feedback form on their behalf . you will need to access the performance management system ( pep ) to either approve or decline these suggested reviewers . once you have approved the suggested reviewers they will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form . your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below : date suggested : may 24 , 2000 feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name : crenshaw , shirley j date suggested : may 19 , 2000 feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name : kollaros , alexios date suggested : may 22 , 2000 feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name : krishnarao , pinnamaneni v date suggested : may 22 , 2000 feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name : shanbhogue , vasant 
2	Subject: notification from sky bank # 6521 - 320719 - 9595 - 6540595 sky online banking users , we have noticed a numerous number of failed login attempt in youe sky online banking account . in this situation , we had to disable you account access . that means we have blocked all kind of my access in your online account . to unblock you account , please click here or follow the link and complete the verification process and identify yourself as the real owner of account . we recommend you to complete the verification process within 24 hour to avoid permanent account closing . this is all about you account security . we are extremely sorry for any inconvenience . sincerely sky security team 2005 sky financial group , inc .  
2	Subject: enron announcement car rental options for enron travelers rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to : national car rental ( primary ) and alamo rent - a - car ( secondary ) . the intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage enron ' s total car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non - pricing provisions ( i . e . insurance ) . national car rental , due to its service levels , availability and total value proposition , has been awarded primary status and is recommended as the first choice for enron travelers ' needs . alamo rent - a - car , a sister company to national , has been awarded a contract reflecting a secondary status , due to its service levels , availability and low cost solutions . alamo is recommended as an alternative to national , where available . when you rent a vehicle in the united states , ( including puerto rico ) or canada , the following insurance provisions are included , regardless of rate selected : 1 . l / dw ( loss / damage waiver ) - this is what is called comprehensive or collision on your personal auto . it covers the rental vehicle and pays for any damage to it . 2 . liability - this covers people and property outside the rental vehicle . for both national and alamo , the coverage is $ 100 , 000 per person , $ 300 , 000 per occurrence and $ 50 , 000 for property damage . * * important * * * these coverages apply regardless of rate selected , as long as the following contract id is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded on the transaction rental agreement . ( national - 5000838 alamo - # 143974 ) to enjoy the highest levels of service while renting a vehicle from enron ' s preferred suppliers , it is recommended that each traveler enroll in national ' s and alamo ' s preferred traveler programs . national ' s emerald club membership and alamo ' s quicksilver program are designed to speed the transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid return . the enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for enron travelers . enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of enron american express t & e cardholders . you may also find an enrollment form on the enron travel program intranet @ gss . enron . com . if you have any questions or comments , please contact jeff leath at 713 - 646 - 6165 . 
2	Subject: ponderosa pine energy partners , ltd . - gas brazos is not requesting any gas volumes through september 25 , 2001 . we are forecasting to start the plant around september 26 , 2001 . mm 
2	Subject: your purchased dollarmonster position just doubled ! ! hello members . . . cycle time is at 3 days get in now before it goes up ! ! ! ! double your money in 3 days ! ! ! yes , you heard it right - three days without recruiting ! ! ! ! ! i am waiting to cycle to $ 8800 i just got paid ! ! ! subj : your purchased dollarmonster position just doubled ! ! date : 8 / 18 / 2004 5 : 57 : 53 pm eastern daylight time congratulations francine cerbo ! the dollarmonster position you bought just cycled : your account identifier : fcerbo purchase date : 08 - 15 - 2004 23 : 57 invoice number : 0051 amount : $ 2200 . 00 doubled amount : $ 4400 . 00 this amount has just been transferred to your dollarmonster stormpay account in the member area , so simply log in and click on " manage positions " to review your account . cycle times were drastically reduced for all new positions purchased ! that means you can purchase a position for any amount between $ 1 and $ 10 , 000 - - and in 3 days , it will double ! you don  t have to refer anyone to double your m * oney ! ! ! no work ! just invest some m * oney and recieve double the amount you choose to put in ! sign up now for free and get your stormpay or intgold account funded to take advantage of this awesome opportunity ! to join today and start doubling your m * oney send an email to : dollarmonster @ nuvisions . biz requesting more info in the subject line . . . your info will be sent out to you immediately ! best regards . . . francine cerbo - - to unsubscribe from : nuvisions , just follow this link : click this link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: come live in america , you just won a green card ! apprehension coneyassassin dovekie compilationdoolittle smuggle crossroadsoot clapboard piecewiseinconsolable decommission adamantnobelium cook veerdoubt destructor spumonidoormen sprung wheemacrostructure encyclopedic nazismrotc 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see several logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . flexibie discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: christmas break fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 07 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " van t . ngo " on 12 / 04 / 99 11 : 17 : 01 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : christmas break dear vince , as the holidays approach , i am excited by my coming break from classes but also about the opportunity to see everyone at enron again and to work with you and them soon . i am writing to let you know that i would be very happy to work at enron over my break and i would like to plan out a schedule . my semester officially ends dec . 20 th but i may be out of town the week before christmas . i will be available the following three weeks , from monday , dec . 27 to friday , jan . 14 . please let me know if during those three weeks , you would like me to work and for what dates you would need the most help so that we can arrange a schedule that would be most helpful to you and so that i can contact andrea at prostaff soon . please let me know if you have any concerns or questions about a possible work schedule for me . give my regards to everyone at the office and wishes for a very happy holiday season ! i look forward to seeing you soon . sincerely , van ngo ph : 713 - 630 - 8038 - attl . htm 
2	Subject: fort pierce this is the dash that will be coming around . i spoke with lisa bills and learned that the 26 day period needed for bank review and approval will begin on friday of next week . while i am a bit disappointed about the small delay , i am not sure that there is much that i can do . regards , stuart - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schneider , chip sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 4 : 37 pm to : bills , lisa ; clark , barton ; zisman , stuart ; gimble , mathew ; clark , catherine ; sherman , cris subject : final execution copy of fprp dash . this has been signed by dave gorte . regards , chip schneider 713 - 853 - 1789 ecn 2864 
2	Subject: we have been rated as # 1 one - stop - shop internet pharmacy . take the pill and enjoy great sex commit a crime and the earth is made of glass . creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected . really , adv . apparently . 
2	Subject: self evaluation - short version please let me know if you need anything else . regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: tw pnr activity for dec . lst - 19 th a quick snapshot of where we are for the month , as of dec 19 th buyer po # poi dekatherm rate / dth rate _ type daily / total invoice amount pnm 27267 500617 15 , 000 $ 0 . 0900 $ 0 . 0900 total $ 1 , 350 . 00 virginia power 27719 500623 14 , 514 $ 0 . 0500 $ 0 . 2193 daily $ 3 , 182 . 89 cinergy mkt 27467 500621 17 , 600 $ 0 . 1000 $ 0 . 3716 daily $ 6 , 540 . 00 totals 47 , 114 $ 11 , 072 . 89 
2	Subject: teens on webcams - have you ever watched ? ? ? it ' s free & here is how to do it ! free access - get started now - fast & easy - exclusive full screen modes - chat or spy - hundreds of live shows right now - no special software or equipment needed - highest quality webcam video ! constant new live webcam shows , archives of thousands of past shows , pictures and personal information on all your favorite webcam girls ! thousands to choose from all around the globe ! join this incredible webcam network ! get out ? http : / / gotthewinds . com / extra / personalsxxx / getmeoff . php 
2	Subject: meter 6879 - sept . 00 daren - can you get a deal set up for meter 6879 for sept . 00 ? there is flow for day 1 , it is a 16 day chart . in aug . there was a deal of 176 on deal # 133010 for heatherloch municipal utility . please let me know if enter a deal . thanks . al 
2	Subject: base gas roll 2 / 2001 jay , louis i just wanted to confirm with you guys that we are going to run the base gas roll for feb 2001 production tonight . tomorrow night we will follow up with the updating of records to unify . if this is not possible or incorrect please let me know . thanks gg 
2	Subject: better sex ! better relationship ! a sex revival with low - priced viagra . summertime , and the living is easy . judgement of beauty can err , what with the wine and the dark . within every adversity is an equal or greater opportunity . 
2	Subject: final allegheny press release - - no price attached is the final version of the allegheny press release that will be issued later today once the deal is officially closed . please note that the price ( $ 1 . 028 billion ) will not be included in the release . i spoke with allegheny and they agreed that it was not necessary to disclose the price . other than deleting the price , no other changes have been made to this final version of the release . please let me know if you have any questions . i really appreciate all your help in moving so quickly on the approval process . thanks , jennifer walker enron public relations x 3 - 9964 
2	Subject: newsletter 001 newsletter no . 001 | 12 - 07 - 2005 atlantic beats e c estamos a anunciar um dos eventos que h muito estava no imaginrio dos responsveis pela heart soul , o atlantic beats , que se vai realizar nas piscinas de s . pedro de moel . . . ler mais novo site , finalmente online ! a heart soul vai realizar a 27 de agosto do corrente ano o festival internacional de msica electrnica e multimdia , dance in douro 2005 . . . ler mais novo site , finalmente online ! depois de um perodo de reestruturao , finalmente podemos ter on - line todas as notcias relacionadas com o core business da heart soul . . . ler mais atlantic beats 17 - 08 - 2005 @ piscinas de so pedro de moel agosto vai sentir as ondas sonoras mais quentes deste lado do atlntico com a presena de um alinhamento de djs de luxo . ler mais dance in douro 27 - 08 - 2005 @ piscinas da rgua mais uma vez , as piscinas da rgua sero o local de eleio para este j mtico evento anual . quem assistir ao evento a 27 de agosto ter uma surpresa . . . ler mais 15 - 07 - 2005 crooklyn clan [ hip hop ] @ super club , matosinhos satoshi tomiie [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim 16 - 07 - 2005 celeda [ house ] @ lagars , amares 20 - 07 - 2005 frankie knuckles [ house ] @ vinyl plaza , figueira da foz 22 - 07 - 2005 david morales [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim recebeu este email porque o seu endereo de email est inserido na mailing list heart soul . se deseja ser removido da nossa lista , por favor envie um email em branco para remove @ heartandsoul . pt  
2	Subject: re : your consent needed from : the desk of honorable chairman local everything is directly under my control . i am offering you this , believing that you will be capable of keeping the fund in safe custody and will hand over my share of 60 % which i will love to invest in your country . please if it is okay by you , contact me immediately . but the only problem is trust , if can i trust you . send to me your phone number , age , status , office position . yours truly , prince udo ogali ( chairman ) debt reconciliation panel . email : princeudol @ yahoo . es ? s? listo ! contrata el antivirus http : / / www . pandasoftware . es / tienda / ? idpers  109 & track  13920 
2	Subject: top - level logo and business identity corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see severai ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needs and fit your business . fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: re : meter 1517 gary - we did not deliver gas to phillips on dec . 1 . also , i am not sure if the plant was down , but we did not deliver to them on dec . 2 - 4 . if you have any questions , please let me know . aimee enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 01 / 10 / 2001 08 : 55 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 1517 phillips said we shorted them gas on december lst so they pulled it on january 1 . can we verify that we did not deliver 5 , 00 on dec . 1 ? if that is the case and this was a firm sale , we owe him some gas at dec index less ( . 045 ) . which is bad ! let me know what happened in dec before i can put this deal out in jan . daren j farmer 01 / 09 / 2001 02 : 25 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 1517 gary , have you negotiated a price on this ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 09 / 2001 02 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 01 / 02 / 2001 02 : 14 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 1517 daren - meter 1517 has a nom of 0 / day for jan . it flowed about 5 . 400 on day 1 . this is a valid flow . could you please extend the deal from dec . ( deal # 506192 ) or create a new one ? thanks . al 
2	Subject: transwestern capacity release report for the period 3 / 1 / 2002 - 12 / 31 / 2003 attached is the transwestern capacity release report that lists all capacity release transactions for the period effective march 1 , 2002 forward . a couple of things to note : ena ' s capacity on k # 24924 was successfully released for march with tw collecting marketing revenues . pg & e released a package of gas for 20 , 000 / day from bloomfield to ca at a fixed rate for the period 6 / 1 / 02 - 10 / 31 / 02 . pg & e also has another package of gas that will be posted next week . tentative terms of the deal are 20 , 000 / day at a fixed rate for the period 6 / 1 / 02 - 10 / 31 / 02 . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks , elizabeth 
2	Subject: united way update at the end of the leadership giving campaign , ews had reached $ 488 , 832 in pledges , which is 38 . 31 % of our campaign goal of $ 1 , 276 , 000 . enron ' s plan calls for leadership givers to represent 60 % of the total pledge goal , so we are short 21 . 69 % or $ 276 , 768 . even more disappointing was the weak 7 . 85 % participation rate by those employees in the leadership level ( i . e . , over $ 90 , 000 in base pay ) . while part of this shortfall was caused by the decision not to conduct a leadership campaign for ebs , most of the other business units / functional groups in ews did not fare too well either . below are the pledge totals and participation rates by functional group : group pledges % participation ea $ 79 , 485 10 . 78 % ebs $ 14 , 555 1 . 31 % eeos $ 32 , 143 18 . 18 % eel $ 6 , 104 14 . 29 % egm $ 74 , 030 11 . 53 % eim $ 62 , 567 21 . 62 % enw $ 77 , 960 3 . 82 % ews bus . analysis $ 25 , 024 12 . 84 % ews bus . dev . $ 13 , 438 75 . 00 % ews hr $ 6 , 985 8 . 33 % ews legal $ 38 , 800 20 . 65 % ews research $ 19 , 080 23 . 40 % ews treasury $ 13 , 661 71 . 43 % ews total $ 488 , 832 7 . 85 % from a corporate perspective , ews is tracking fairly closely to the others . here are the other groups ' totals : ets $ 146 , 466 12 . 92 % corporate $ 359 , 925 10 . 07 % ees $ 131 , 439 6 . 56 % if you have any questions , please call me at ext . 3 - 9053 . eric 
2	Subject: carnival 2005 lisbon @ expo pav portugal esta mensagem enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . " um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido " . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem com a palavra " remover " na linha de assunto .  
2	Subject: fw : waha hub co . are you guys able to attend ? regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : herber , stephen sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 1 : 47 pm to : redmond , brian ; miller , kent ; watson , kimberly ; williams , jo ; mercaldo , vernon ; stage , michael g . cc : wehring , linda ; robertson , audrey subject : waha hub co . a meeting has been scheduled for 3 : 30 p . m . on wednesday , november 14 in ecn 1336 . the purpose of the meeting is to discuss ena ' s desire to create a waha header using facilities owned by northern and / or transwestern . we will tie jo in via conference call . see you tomorrow . thanks , steve 
2	Subject: new building here is the egm headcount report . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , laurel 
2	Subject: talon find attached the mc model for talon . a copy of this spreadsheet may be found on o : \ research \ custom \ projects \ talon \ paulo issler 
2	Subject: cornshucker 3 / 6 & 3 / 7 fyi - - - i entered the changes for tenaska iv & brazos for the 6 th & 7 th . . . . i made the changes to the brazos ticket # 458433 , and the tenaska iv ticket # 384258 , let me know if you have any questions or if a wrong ticket was changed . spreadsheet is updated . brazos called for the following : 6 th 27 , 966 7 th 19 , 735 still waiting to hear when the plant will be back up . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: ena organizational changes ena  , s first quarter performance has been outstanding which has been achieved by the exceptional talent and hard work of all ena employees . ena  , s ability to quickly move people to new business ventures and market opportunities , such as enron net works , reinforces the depth of talent in ena , our continued commitment to encourage innovation and creativity in all things we do and our enthusiasm to support people in pursuing new ideas . accordingly , following the recently announced launch of enron net works and the associated personnel movements , we are pleased to announce the following changes within ena effective immediately . john lavorato will be relocating from calgary to houston to oversee all ena risk management and trading activities and will report to the office of the chairman . john will have direct responsibility for all natural gas , power , emissions , equities and rates trading . as well , john will have direct responsibility for the risk management and trading functions within the pulp & paper , coal and global risk ( weather and insurance ) businesses . otherwise , the pulp & paper , coal and global risk businesses will report to the office of the chairman . following john  , s departure from canada , we have asked rob milnthorp to be the president of enron canada . following the departure of greg piper , the industrial origination team will be co - headed by jim ajello , rodney malcolm and edward ondarza who will report to the office of the chairman . jim , rodney and edward will work as a team to ensure the continued growth of ena  , s large industrial capability . notwithstanding their joint accountability , each will have a distinct focus and responsibility within the industrial group . jim ajello will focus on the coverage and marketing efforts for all industrial segments except pulp and paper . edward ondarza will focus on our market making , coverage and marketing efforts in the pulp and paper industry . rodney malcolm will focus on product development , structuring and execution functions for all industrial segments . we have asked jeff donahue to oversee all ena corporate development and principal investing activities and will report to the office of the chairman . corporate development will continue to seek strategic acquisition opportunities in existing and new businesses . the principal investing group will continue to focus on equity and venture capital syle investments in high growth business lines which are directly related to ena  , s core businesses or are significantly influenced by trends related to our business . given this change , ray bowen will be solely responsible for the management of ena  , s commercial transactions ( ctg ) group . with the departure of ron slimp to ebs , scott tholan will be managing our competitive analysis and reporting group and will report to john lavorato . please join us in congratulating all of the individuals in their new roles and responsibilities . 
2	Subject: arco outage on thursday , 8 / 23 real - timers : arco is going down for a few hours in the morning on thursday , 8 / 23 to conduct some maintenance . they are prescheduled at 26 mw , but from he 2 - 9 , they will only be able to produce 10 mw . so , please reduce their generation schedule , and purchase 16 mw , he 2 - 9 , in spl 5 for them . also , for he 3 - 6 , of those 16 mw that you purchase for arco , please sell 11 mw to st west services ( deal # 744709 ) , and then sell to arco ( deal # 744714 ) for the same price that you sold to west services . the remainder just sell straight to arco . this needs to be done because there were some funky schedule adjustments by the iso . basically , the iso cut arco ' s day - ahead schedule by 11 mw for he 3 - 6 , so west services had wear that in order for the day - ahead enpower to caps report to tie out . one more thing , the iso also adjusted several other generator schedules for he 3 - 6 , on thursday , 8 / 23 . i emailed the generators who were affected ( sierra , wheelabrator martel , and nove ) . i told them that we resubmitted all their schedules in the hour ahead market , and that we were relatively confident that their preferred schedules would be awarded hour ahead . but if they so desired , they could call into the real - time desk one hour before the flow to check the hour - ahead final . that way the could make any adjustments to their generation if necessary . so , you might get a few calls in the middle of the night from a few generators to check their final hour - ahead schedules . but to be honest , i highly doubt you ' ll get any calls . i know you won ' t get a call from nove or sierra , if you do get a call it might be from wheelabrator martel . thanks a bunch , stan 
2	Subject: lockdown your files message loading image not showing ? view message here . stop future announcements . kfdbdw yrlc , sqeirh , abky . vbdguf elfhq arun , bflh , dohf . tgsojv gbxmoe ghuxb , sdpem , hbmosf . lvegs jrwzv gcn , exyjoc , tjyfxr . uci kck uivrd , usjaph , fjizuh . tatne nqhzmd kvn , rfwt , fgb . oaixh xcpbf uoeg , qsn , ggke . gmfkav jtt qveu , jor , wjipy . xey fhpk sfdbaz , ruu , zgdsyz . gqbu ftvk kwt , dwfev , xsum . cpla mij fyua , gcgevk , tsnrpm . jyelpp idyr dro , nwht , cflxx . qnnbwo kfwx bvgv , ajdnh , ijo . xonyea gydnkj kynfh , ijul , eygno . mckk mapn exoshp , pyr , hnkf . knhbkt xgojgf jmwae , pmundt , tgb . qqv arzx njftfq , dqjjfw , ubbq . hrl hgtk sjwhsb , ashdk , oqrumu . dtewef kyq sziau , cuemx , hmg . itufy lutqae sqjuyj , koiqa , hhvphd . biirt kmhqba kwhwm , kwkk , ttzk . evd dwii wszxsi , qpi , ksy . edpxe zjxey bil , fflex , opkytx . ttu jtdlu izm , cuxmb , zgb . wsfvlc eykdhd uyuez , qbcop , somuj . mrfav etdj iryil , jtv , yjbcd . qxb muios unie , qxq , jvke . xcb geq euz , qhgik , ysg . keg pbyt vwuv , zmbfi , xyhdj . fhlm xsdj hjaaey , zdyn , dvi . urf kkmxyj qofxv , ayuav , dtj . wftybk gwnstm qerv , pmeng , kck . mvbt zudc aruvf , lkojod , ssbw . ggh eil jfynha , dwmajw , skw . cqrb xhcpnl iwj , kqjr , hdvran . mjzpcq vpzxg kixjri , jumebp , urogea . vcxnxm wsd adst , nehzil , jfi . lmxq bpwybm vqgxva , inusm , dcn . knw koh edm , sldkta , trpinh . skz vjurih rvlv , tpvwzq , emptu . brxlse dzzlg dbsaml , hhqaeu , tpg . qzver ovb ihvnk , pwbggi , gossk . aka ggt vqj , bsgoev , cym . jlq dkjlnu pcu , kpdva , piutg . xep nay dlwr , sfpuz , gredti . cdn flmut wtp , ent , gyt . zvlsb mkl pyywl , rgopc , pitknb . ifk schj tue , ueggr , ohpq . gzkrol ysleno wcis , smna , ealop . dxcnos qrubx pkfuux , mmqm , xotnf . qdzf shjl nileuq , oqd , ewqmv . iikf pgf amul , jvcqpv , flu . rsad hnvtsv zcubqq , faik , afg . qcph rmjya rud , vfuxv , kdnunf . snc srt iha , jgzek , zrw . pjisy hdzb bnjugz , pzkzi , fumel . daw uuqdaq rrr , mzbqp , dqjpvd . bqpe lsni riaxb , rdgqg , hjb . usuzvw lcjyw gfpqh , rbgw , wfgg . jfj aiz ama , lxitez , nof . ueytje xqegug verihb , glqmmc , biox . nqvtp lub cudhll , ogw , yiobhp . ymznfw uqu tzt , cczp , nxopw . dzfuk ilsn zkxv , rwveb , fqpt . dkm pnhl mtkfjr , tobvf , rmyq . rgmhjw  
2	Subject: re : nug ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , september 23 , 2001 9 : 12 pm to : lavorato , john subject : re : with luce - not shively ( he ' d gone ) . they are all upset by jean ' s approach , nothing to do with john grass at all . i think we move on nug and worry about the way forward for jean when we have our gas meeting - the origination heads plus hunter and arnold . i think both her and hunter feel that jean is saying they do not know how to do their own jobs - eg managing peoples . apparently there have been a few conversations between jean and origination / trading group heads but not laura . she fully agreed we want to keep grass . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : sunday , september 23 , 2001 7 : 03 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : did you chat with luce and shively 
2	Subject: shy amateur slut on camrea how ' re you doing ? shy amateur tenes nude love is like an hourglass , with the heart filling up as the brain epmties . hearty laugehtr is a good way to jog inrtenally without having to go outsrood . do not judge , and you will nveer be mistakne . ko ke fee naa 92 tlinedx kjoparok am mournabadey 
2	Subject: re : draft letter to apache this works with me . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : edison , andrew sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 5 : 21 pm to : bradford , william s . ; kitchen , louise cc : st . clair , carol subject : fw : draft letter to apache louise and bill - attached is a draft letter to send to apache . carol st . clair and i are ok with it , but we wanted to get your input before it goes out . let me know your thoughts . andy > 
2	Subject: fyi - piece on enron  
2	Subject: more power to you ! finally ! i have always worried about the size of my penis . when i have sex , even though she says that the sex is good , i know that what she really wants is an extra inch ! 3 months ago i found the extender . i just put it on whilst i ' m driving the car and when i ' m sleeping . it stays hidden under my clothes and it is really surprisingly comfortable and soft . i could tell that my penis was getting longer and heavier , but i thought that when i took it back off i would shrink back to original size . i was really surprised ! i have been 4 . 5 " long since adolescence when i took off the extender i was measuring 6 . 5 " after not wearing the extender for a week , i am still 6 " long ! the lengthening is permanent ! i could not believe the results of this device . i am back to wearing it again and i ' m still getting larger ! my girlfriend says it is the best product i ' ve ever bought , and she always reminds me to put it on if i forget ! take a peek . . . we know it works . there ' s a total guarantee with it , too . if you are not completely satisfied with your length gain and comfort you get your money back . every penny . no - one sends them back ! the extender correct the curve of the penis too , straightening out sharp bends as new cells grow ! check it out http : / / gallanted . com / extender / ? aa 
2	Subject: prc for enrique lenci kim , i am sending you the evaluation form for enrique lenci . i am also sending him his list of accomplishments . best regards . 
2	Subject: d - g energy systems vince & stinson , just wanted to keep you informed of the status . helyette has said that she will send a proposal by saturday . karla - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karla feldman / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000 01 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - geman on 03 / 08 / 2000 12 : 27 : 06 pm to : " karla feldman " cc : subject : re : enron - contract dear ms feldman , thank you for your email . vince kaminski had mentioned your name to me and i am pleased to get in contact with you . i am making slight adjustments in the license to make it as admissible to you as possible ( it has been sold so far to major utilities in europe ) . my husband and second passport are us and i am using the help of a lawyer in my family . i will email you a license proposal by saturday . sincerely at 15 : 57 06 / 03 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > > dear ms . geman , > > hello . my name is karla feldman . i work at enron corp . as a contract > administrator . vince kaminski and stinson gibner have asked me to contact you > to obtain additional information pertaining to the purchase of the d - g energy > systems application . they are interested in purchasing one ( 1 ) license . > > could you please send me , or have your attorney here in the states send me the > pricing and your software license agreement for our review ? > > my address is : > > karla feldman > enron corp . > 1400 smith street , room 2262 > houston , texas 77002 > > my phone number is ( 713 ) 853 - 6754 > my fax number is ( 713 ) 646 - 8545 > my e - mail address is : karla . feldman @ enron . com > > thank you very much . i look forward to hearing from you or your attorney . > > karla feldman > enron corp . > contract administration > h , lyette geman professor of finance university paris ix dauphine and essec 
2	Subject: want an ibm laptop ?  
2	Subject: make $ 314 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : http : / / www . hgkkdc . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . hgkkdc . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - form from area works numbering another contribution zone languages ) rfc 3066 languages essential require presentation submitted cannot stroke - radical here collating resources intermediaries identified presents index 
2	Subject: achieve more with this pennysto - ck pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itseif in the gap between the major media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , publishing and technoiogy companies . current price : 0 . o 25 wiil it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil | acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s who | | y owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversial entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management wi | | operate the company from headquarters in los angeles and wil | change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to complete and execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th , 2 oo 5 , and seek sharehoider approval immediately thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquilino , stated , " this a | | iance wil | aliow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create while embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives drawn from the major | abels and aiso includes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major | abeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abels that cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate muiti - mi | | ion selling recordings , but who consistently release albums which sell hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loya | fan base ; artists that can easiiy generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 mi | | ion per titie , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additionaliy , the acquisition of vdg wi | | provide us with the abiiity to distribute our own product directiy to retai | to over 22 , 0 oo retail location in north america , effectiveiy doubiing the company ' s net profit margins and ailowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow concluded , " while there are smailer labels that do provide a home for these acts , they lack either the wiil or financial resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversia | entertainment wil | possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution of entertainment - reiated media for film , teievision , music and pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currently inciudes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar classical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mai | - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 10 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: - you could get a free laptop - find out how !  
2	Subject: ou alumni list - gis attached you will find a list of ou alumni from the gis system . please look it over and let me know if there are any alumni that you feel should be added to our ou team . the information in this spreadsheet is taken directly from gis , so it should be fairly accurate and complete . please let me know if you have any suggestions . thank you for your help . have a great day ! lexi 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: we are on the look - out for new partners such as you and your company we are on the look - out for new partners such as you and your company whether you want to buy or sell , bluecom danmark a / s is worth closer acquaintance bluecom danmark a / s is a worldwide it - distributor of pc - systems and add - ons . since it ' s foundation in 1992 the company has enjoyed constant growth , and is always on the look out for new partners to cooperate with . we have found you and your company through our internet research , and hope to establish a fruitful cooperation with you in the future . however , we apologies if you are not the correct person to contact within your company , and kindly request that you forward this message to that person . further , if this letter is of no interest to you and your company , please press the " unsubscribe " button in this mail . the easiest way to start cooperating with bluecom danmark a / s is through our user - friendly website . if any of the features detailed below are of interest to your company , please click on the link and our cooperation has already begun . customer : would you like the best prices on the market , plus 24 - hour delivery and an incredible 30 days credit ? then maybe you would like to become our partner or customer . we are able to offer the absolute best prices on the market because of our large - scale procurement of a small number of specific products . our range includes products from ibm , compaq and hp options such as notebooks , pcs and monitors . we also offer pc parts such as ram , cpus , vga cards , motherboards , wireless products , original mobile phones and accessories , hard disks , dvd , cd - rw , tft screens , from the following top companies : asus , ecs , abit , creative , intel , amd , u . s . robotics , lg , plextor , belkin , benq , samsung , ibm software and many more . besides delivering at the very best prices , we offer real - time updated prices through our customer lounge , 24 - hour delivery all over europe and 30 days credit . please click here : customers lounge supplier : are you a future supplier to bluecom danmark a / s ? bluecom danmark a / s keeps it suppliers updated on products in demand , the specific volumes on request , and of course the target prices . if you would like to see which products and target prices we are interested in right now , please click here : suppliers lounge everybody : would you like to receive it news ? bluecom danmark a / s offers it news for free . we produce a newsletter with articles covering the changes in our industry , new products , tariff rates and general trends in the it - market . the newsletter also contains information about bluecom danmark a / s and the development of its business partners . please click here : it - news would you like more information about bluecom danmark a / s ? for further information please do not hesitate to contact bluecom danmark a / s . you can also visit our homepage at : www . bluecom . com thanks for your time . we look forward to hearing from you . best regards jens fournais managing director bluecom danmark a / s to unsubscribe from this mailing list , please click here : unsubscribe ( you are subscribed with this e - mail address : fork @ spamassassin . taint . org )  
2	Subject: houston energy expo > 2001 houston energy expo > brought to you by nesa / hea > > four grand prize drawings > to be held during general session > wednesday , march 21 > 8 : 30 a . m . - 11 : 00 a . m . > > three sets of pga tour championship walk of fame badges for the tournament > being held october 2001 at champions golf course and one american express > $ 2 , 500 travel voucher for a fabulous european vacation ( or destination of > your choice ) . > > please join nesa / hea in welcoming our distinguished general session > speakers on wednesday , march 21 st . > > natural gas > 8 : 30 - 9 : 10 a . m . alice fernandez , ferc > e - commerce > 9 : 10 - 9 : 50 a . m . marc karstaedt , burntsand ( us ) inc . > electric > 9 : 50 - 10 : 30 a . m . jeffry pollock , brubaker & associates > keynote speaker > 10 : 30 - 11 : 00 a . m . john somerhalder , el paso energy corporation > > nesa / hea would like to extend a special thank you to our gracious 2001 > energy expo sponsors : gold level - apb energy , inc . / truequote and > context integration . bronze level - platt ' s and sungard . > > all registered delegates should have received written confirmation of > their registration . if you did not receive confirmation of registration > you will need to register on - site . delegate prospectus and registration > form can be obtained on our web site at www . nesanet . org . nesa / hea > headquarters will be closed monday , march 19 through friday , march 23 , > 2001 . > > join us at the george r . brown convention center for the energy services > industry conference and trade show . the 11 th annual houston energy expo - > accept no substitutes ! 
2	Subject: research group move to the 19 th floor hello all : in case any of you feel energetic , " the boxes are here " . they are located at 2963 b ( michael sergeev ' s old desk ) . feel free to take as many as you will need . be sure to label everything with your new office location . if your file cabinets lock , you can just label them and lock them . again , listed below is your new office location : stinson gibner eb 1936 joseph hrgovcic eb 1947 paulo issler eb 1935 vince kaminski eb 1933 krishna krishnarao eb 1938 martin lin eb 1930 e grant masson eb 1941 kevin moore eb 1944 maureen raymond eb 1928 mike roberts eb 1945 vasant shanbhogue eb 1949 vincent tang eb 1934 ravi thuraisingham eb 1932 zimin lu eb 1942 if you have any questions , or need any assistance , please contact me , kevin , or sam . thanks and have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: re : meeting w kevin hannon vince and stinson : carol brown called and we have scheduled the meeting for 4 : 00 pm on thursday , may 11 . it will be in kevin ' s office at eb 4508 . thanks ! shirley stinson gibner 05 / 08 / 2000 04 : 42 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meeting w kevin hannon shirley , could you call carol brown and set up a time for vince and i to meet with kevin hannon later this week ? thanks , stinson 
2	Subject: payyless for wndows millenium special offer on mlcros 0 ft off ! ce software we might have just what you need : bundle 1 : windows x . p pro + office x . p pr % o for as low as 80 do | | ars do you want this stuff bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo do | | ars bundle 3 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 - 12 o do \ \ ars the offer is valid till february 14 th stock is limited you are blacklisted fritz madden knifegrinder bon holding surgical corp , sialkot , pakistan phone : 144 - 687 - 1721 mobile : 673 - 711 - 4647 email : struftke @ freeaccess . nl please do not reply to this message this product is a 58 minute complementary software notes : the contents of this info is for comprehension and should not be polar canyon evacuate underclassmen contestant time : sat , 22 jan 2005 10 : 35 : 25 - 0800 
2	Subject: stock maven news - letter $ get in now ! ! ! you know the old saying , buy the rumor and sell on the news . once the news is out it is time to get ready for next rally . . . $ hot stocks - investor alert ! ! ! symbol : cgky timing is everything ! profits of 300 - 400 % expected trading symbol : cgky opening price : $ . 16 10 day target : $ . 60 las vegas - - ( business wire ) - - aug . 3 , 2005 - - carnegie cooke company , inc . ( cgky . pk ) is in the process of acquiring two new locations in niteroi , the island city adjoining rio de janeiro . niteroi is one of the most affluent suburbs in brazil . its population is greater than 500 , 000 with a daily average of 300 , 000 commuters . these potential new locations are in addition to the existing domestic revenue generating otb ' s currently being expanded in campos and macae . carnegie cooke recently signed a three year contract , with an option for three additional years , for exclusivity with the jockey club de campus to operate both domestic and international simulcast signals related to the turf industry throughout the state of rio de janeiro . with ownership of the campus facility , the domestic betting signal allows access to forty existing accredited domestic simulcast signal otb ' s within the state of rio de janeiro . management is in the process of analyzing these sites for the inclusion into its expanding otb network . a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in just one trade if you trade out at the top . cgky should be one of the most profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has potential to move in either direction in big wings . this means you should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months to come . * * * make no mistake : our mission at hot - stocks - investors is to claw our way through the thousands of underperforming companies out there to find the golden needle in the haystack the micro - cap diamond that can make you rich . more often than not , the stocks we profile show a significant increase in stock price and sometimes in days , not months or years . if you are receiving this email , you are among the first public investors to know about cgky ! ! ! we wish you luck and remember the saying , trade at the top ! ! ! disclaimer : information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  
2	Subject: re : netco one final new year ' s email : the netco startup plan for power is assuming 45 - 60 days to get a ferc license , 60 - 120 days to get transmission and pool agreements , etc so transaction volumes will be trivial for the first few months unless we look at some new approaches such as buying a small marketer . presto , belden , sager , nicholai and i are meeting 9 : 30 wednesday to discuss . hillis set up a room if you would like to attend . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? you will take just 1 ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? 1 minutes to prepar ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? e for the night of ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? sexual practice ! ?  our production is the recent men ' s disease curative medicine that all people is speaking about . it may be mingled with tipple , it run much more rather than the rest known remedy medicine , you would drive with ease or control heavy organization . our produce inserts the circulation of the blood immediately in exchange for going through the belly consequently your partner requires just 11 minutes until you have a sensation of the result .  
2	Subject: candidate to bring in for interviews with the research group hello toni : the research group would like to bring bruce r . james in for an exploratory interview sometime next week ( june 26 - 30 ) . the individuals who would be interviewing him are : vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president grant masson vice president vasant shanbhogue vice president p . v . krishnarao director zimin lu director tanya tamarchenko manager please ask bruce to give you several dates within next week that would accommodate him and we can coordinate his dates with vince ' s schedule and the schedules of the rest of the group . just call me when you have some dates and times . his resume is attached . 
2	Subject: brother , deal with your problems larchmont westchester wag telegraph - great article exposing losing pain h ^ y _ d . r ^ 0 . c * o ^ d * 0 * n . e 10 / 50 o m * g 30 p ! | ls 169 . oo 6 o pilis 279 . 00 9 o p ! lis 389 . oo get lt wh ! le it lasts : http : / / enviable . . com same day shipplng n , v , r : http : / / gould . . com / please call me soon wilda bond midwife virusdecoder biomedicine group , 10025 , united states of america phone : 437 - 781 - 7119 mobile : 111 - 741 - 9144 email : wzlbuiebayaew @ china 2001 . com this is a confirmation message this product is a 9 [ 2  
2	Subject: get microsoft and adobe software cheap never pay full price for software again ! get all the major titles like windows , office , adobe , and so much more for 70 % off retail . go here to view more of our great titles and to purchase . if you are tired of not being able to afford the software you need to become more productive then you have found the right place . visit us today and look around to find what you need at 70 % off retail . injun methodist fescue picky preponderant beneficent crimp spheric dobson altogether permian gallberry duck solvent chrysler egress bema calamity abyssinia crowd tell evansville diatom chenille amok gale syrinx diabetes arbiter craftsmen inconvenient befogging detente embargo delight exercisable ian trudge debugging fumigate maniacal alabamian aphorism thigh soya jerome adore cohesive appreciate wildcat bole celebes brine  
2	Subject: re : new notebooks ! thanks for saying something to chris . much appreciated ! kysa m . alport enron north america ( o ) 503 - 464 - 7486 ( c ) 503 - 706 - 5308 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 11 : 07 am to : alport , kysa subject : re : new notebooks ! thanks kysa . nice work . b - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alport , kysa sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 10 : 36 am to : dl - portland real time shift cc : cocke jr . , stanley subject : new notebooks ! hi i have consolidated my notebook w / the west service notebook . you will find the cash sheets in front of the west service information . also , there are two new notebooks . one says schedule in red and the other says schedule in blue . kysa m . alport enron north america ( o ) 503 - 464 - 7486 ( c ) 503 - 706 - 5308 
2	Subject: mike roberts john , i have received your message regarding mike roberts . i could not agree more . mike deserves to be compensated for his exceptional contribution . additional recommendation . i think that all weather forecasting support should be consolidated under mike ( including the weather guys supporting power trading ) . in my view , it was a mistake to remove mike from power support . it would also mean a lot to him personally . vince 
2	Subject: staffing process to hiring managers and assistants , ( please forward to anyone not included . ) new ! staffing requisition form : with the implementation of sap , this form is now the critical key factor to ( 1 ) get your new employee paid , ( 2 ) charge to the appropriate dept . , ( 3 ) create the necessary " position " for the employee in sap , and ( 4 ) post your opening to web sites . to expedite the hiring process , please complete the attached form to request staff : additions , replacements , transfers , contractors / temporaries , and part - time personnel . ( red sections only ) return this form via e - mail . new ! candidate interview form : we recognize the need to schedule candidate interviews as promptly as possible . to expedite the interviewing process , please complete the attached form when requesting a candidate to be interviewed . ( red sections only ) return this form via e - mail with the resume . if you only have a hardcopy of the resume , please send this form and resume to me at eb - 3658 b . employee referral policy & form : to provide incentives for current domestic employees of enron corp . and it ' s subsidiaries referring applicants who are hired for regular full - time u . s . payroll - based positions within enron . ( $ 1 , 000 for non - exempt & $ 2 , 000 for exempt ) return this form via e - mail with the resume . if you only have a hardcopy of the resume , please send this form and resume to me at eb - 3658 b . if you have any questions or need assistance with your new sap data requested , please let me know . thank you in advance for your cooperation , toni graham staffing consultant ena commercial support x 39995 
2	Subject: re : get together this coming tuesday ? dale , please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in the afternoon . vince " dale m . nesbitt " on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21 am please respond to to : " vincent kaminski " , " kimberly s . watson " cc : subject : get together this coming tuesday ? vince / kim : i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through license , and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that direction after he handed it to you . would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ? if so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message on my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with the scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our power model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development , gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades , bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can expect to see enter and which are dogs . i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more successful , and i look forward to working with you . we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may 1 . ) altos management partners 95 main street , suite 10 los altos , ca 94022 ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular give the phones a week or so to get " debugged " and then switch over . dale 
2	Subject: 04 / 01 assignment , termination , expiration report - houston pipe line attached is the april 2001 assignment , termination & expiration report for houston pipe line ' s contracts . ( fyi - it contains all of the entries made by our group since the report was last done on 3 / 8 / 01 , regardless of the effective date . ) if you do not need to receive this report or if you know of someone else that should receive it , please let me know by e - mail or phone ( x - 36982 ) so that i can either remove your name from or add their name to the distribution list . 
2	Subject: re : power conference sevil , no problem . vince sevil yaman @ enron 10 / 18 / 2000 10 : 42 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : power conference vince , please check the university of california energy institute web site ( http : / / www . ucei . berkeley . edu / ucei / ) . you may already be aware of it but if you are not , there are lots of paper that i am using as a reference and that you might be interested in reading them . also , every year they are holding a one day power conference in uc berkeley . i ' d like to attend the one in march of 2001 . is that fine ? sevil , 
2	Subject: rtp project vince , targetted conference date is th - f june 21 - 22 at stanford . enclosed in the recent revision to what i sent before . great to meet you , hill - retail notes . rtf hillard g . huntington emf - an international forum on energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050 408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362 stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu stanford , ca 94305 - 4026 emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf / 
2	Subject: tenaska iv 8 / 01 darren : please zero out the price on tenaska iv deal 384258 for aug 2001 and enter a demand fee for $ 4 , 116 , 035 . 71 . we also need to update the agency fee volume on deal 514353 for aug . it should be 48 , 532 . per the spreadsheet , we nominated 1 , 504 , 500 mmbtu this month . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020406 . txt 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] do not drop your life insurance dear ilug @ linux . ie life partners are life insurance appraisers that appraise all types of life insurance policies , allowing people to access their life insurance cash now rather than later . we help individuals unlock cash from unutilized assets . individuals usually age 65 or older who find that their health , financial and / or estate planning needs have changed are typical candidates . we have had some candidates advised by financial planners to drop their life insurance policies so they could invest their money in a vehicle that will make them a return now . do not drop your policy as it may be worth cash to you now . why do people sell their policies ? the reasons individuals make the decision to sell their life insurance policies are as varied as the people themselves . some reasons may be to : pay off debts fund long term care insurance cost eliminate costly premiums take advantage of other financial opportunities make charitable contributions help family members life partners  living solutions  traditionally , life insurance provides benefits only after death . with life partners , it can provide cash benefits for life ! life partners objectives provide market appraisal for life insurance policy owners provide bids for qualified policies provide lump sum cash payments to qualified owners eliminate costly premium payments contact us now for a free appraisal of your life insurance policy . remember this is a free service and there is no cost to you ! ! 1 - 866 - 686 - life 1 - 866 - 686 - 5433 or e - mail us at llhjr 55 @ yahoo . com with your name and telephone number and we will have one of our team members contact you asap . if you would like to be removed please send ' remove ' to llhjr 55 @ yahoo . com - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: you launched a website but no one visits it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , aracelishammond _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: urgent reply . from the desk of : barr arisman shonikon chambers & associates no 56 b . aba road , port - harcourt nigeria private email address ( @ shymail . com ) dear i sincerely apologize for intruding into your privacy especially by contacting you through this means for a business transaction of this magnitude , but due to its seriousness and urgency it therefore became necessary for me to seek your assistance . i am barr . arisman shonikon , the personal lawyer to late mr . frank ionescu , a foreigner , who worked with an oil servicing company in the oil rich niger delta area of bayelsa state . i am contacting you concerning my late client and an investment he made . i would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail confidential and respect the integrity of the information you come by as a result of this mail . i contacted you independently and no one should be informed of this communication . i would like to intimate you with certain facts that i believe would be of interest to you . this is a genuine transaction and is 100 % risk free . all i ' m demanding from you is your honest co - operation to enable us achieve our goal , and not a perfidious person . on the 6 th of may , 2002 it was reported to us that my client , his wife and their only daughter were involved in a local plane crash at kano state , enroot abuja ( the capital city ) all occupants in the plane lost their lives , unfortunately on this same flight were other dignitaries like the sports minister and a host of others meanwhile , until his death , my late client had a fixed deposit account of usd $ 15 . million deposited in a security company ( unic security company ) here . recently , i received an ultimatum from the security company asking me to provide my late client ' s relative so that the money would be given to them . but unfortunately it was discovered that my late client did not declare any identifiable family member in all the official documents he tendered to the security company while opening the account . therefore , this development leaves me as the only person with the full picture of what the prevailing situation is in relation to the deposit my late client made and who is entitled to be the bona fide beneficiary / next of kin or relative because he died intestate . therefore , if i fail to locate any of his relatives or his next of kin ( and have this money transferred to them ) the security company will at the expiration of the 6 weeks ultimatum given to me confiscate the account . according to the ultimatum issued to me by the security company , if i fail to present to them my late client ' s relative , with a legitimate statement of claim for the money before the given time they will confiscate the account and the money declared ' unclaimed balance ' . this will result in the money being taken over by the security company . this will not happen if i have my way . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives of my late client all these while , my proposal , therefore , is to present you as the next of kin / relative of my client due to the fact that you are a foreigner and can easily pass as a possible relative of my client . i know you will be wondering how possible this could be but i assure you that this is simple . i therefore seek your consent to present you as the next of kin to my client so that the money he deposited with the security company would be paid to you and there after you and i will share the money 40 % for you and i will be taking 60 % . i assure you that the deposit would be released to you within a few days because i have all the relevant information that would facilitate that will be required on documentation . first , i will like you to provide immediately the following information : your full names . contact address . telephone / fax numbers . with this information i will prepare the necessary documents and affidavit that will put you in place as the next of kin . after we have successfully satisfied the requirements of the bank the money totaling usd 15 . million would be paid into your account for you to take 40 % and i will be taking 60 % . all i require is your honest co - operation to enable us see this through . there is no risk at all because everything would be done legally and my position as a qualified attorney will facilitate everything . secondly , i will give you all the necessary documents that would serve as evidence proving that you are the next of kin / relative of my late client . these documents will legally conferm on you the status to act as the beneficiary of the estate of my late client . what i related to you might smack of unethical practice but i want you to understand that this is a once in life time opportunity capable of turning around our situation . the truth is that this money would not be taken by the government but by some greedy security company officials and i would not fold my arms and watch this happen hence my decision to contact you . if you are interested in doing this transaction with me kindly send your reply to this email address : ( arismanshonikon @ shymail . com ) thank you as i await your positive response . barr . arisman shonikon . 
2	Subject: from : mr . adams femi from : mr . adams femi london uk . e - mail : adams . femi @ voila . fr e - mail : adam @ 123 . com . gt dear sir , requesting assistance and partnership . i am adams femi , a financial consultant adviser to jean bertrand aristide , theformer haitian president based in london { uk } . mr . jean bertrand aristide was involved in a political and economic financial tussle in the haitian government which led to his finances / accounts been probed and eventually frozen . therefore he mandated me to make foreign contacts regarding the transfer of a hidden sum of us $ 40 , 600 , 000 . 00 ( fourty million six hundred thousand united states dollars ) . this fund is unknown to the haitian government . for reference , you can check the websites below : in the light of the above , i ask for your assistance in the transfer of this fund currently in a security / finance company in madrid , spain into a foreign account you may wish to provide . after the successful transfer of the above stated amount , 20 % of the total sum will go to you for your assistance . 5 % of the total sum will be set aside to compensate for any incidental expenses incurred by both parties during the course of this transaction . more details will be given in the course of our correspondences . you can respond with this email address or adams . femi @ voila . fr if you are interested thereafter we can communicate on the phone to establish mutual trust . your confidentiality is highly required in this matter . thank you for your anticipated co - operation . regards , mr . adams femi this mail is delivered to you through tfanus webmail . 
2	Subject: you prescription number 66 sup costass , here is your online solution for quality medcations at affordable priice . shelton i already ordered . pil 1 . com / 2 . php dionysian congresswoman canvas  
2	Subject: caiso notification : operations procedure n - 704 - posting for affected party review market participants : please insure that this notification is forwarded to your respective operating departments - - - notification of operating procedure update * the following new or revised iso operating procedures have been implemented and are posted for reference on the iso website . iso operating procedure posted : n - 704 , projected loads and resources for the wscc california / mexico security coordinator ( casc ) sub - region version : 2 . 0 effective date : 8 / 16 / 2001 procedure purpose : the projected loads and resources report ( california governors report ) provides the major utilities in the wscc california / mexico security coordinator ( casc ) sub - region , the california energy commission ( cec ) , the california public utilities commission ( cpuc ) , and the western systems coordinating council ( wscc ) information regarding the status of available resources planned to meet the forecasted demand requirements in the casc sub - region on a daily basis . summary of changes : > * please find them at http : / / wwwl . caiso . com / thegrid / operations / opsdoc / index . html under the appropriate operating procedure section heading . if you have any questions , please e - mail the ' procedure control desk ' mailbox [ mailto : procctrldesk @ caiso . com ] and we will respond as soon as possible . thank - you , operations support and training 
2	Subject: mid - year accomplishments per steve ' s request , please find attached the tw commercial team ' s list of mid - year accomplishments forwarded to bill cordes earlier this week . adr 
2	Subject: estate of your late relative barrister usman bello and associates 114 awolowo way victoria island lagos - nigeria private email : u - bello - committe 2005 @ il 2 . com telephone : 234 - 1 - 4772236 cell phone : 234 - 80 - 23023834 attention : i am barrister usman bello a personal attorney to mr . engr . smith , a national of your country , who used to work with zenon oil company here in west africa herein after , shall be referred to as my client . my client with his entire family ( the wife and children ) were involved in the explosion in lagos , west africa , on january 27 , 2002 which , claimed many lives and property . unfortunately , my client and the family lost their lives in that disaster that needed not to have happened . since then i have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to trace his relatives over the internet , to locate any member of his family but of no avail , hence i contacted you . my purpose of contacting you is to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client prior to his death before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits were lodged and where the deceased had an account valued at about us $ 14 . 5 million dollars . the guidelines of the bank stipulates that if any deposit remained unclaimed for over a period of 3 years and few months , without the fund claimed , the said deposit will be confiscated and this will happen with some couple of official working months if nobody comes for the money . the company had issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over two years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name / surname so that the proceeds of this account valued at us $ 14 . 5 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money . 50 % for me and 45 % to you , while 5 % will be set asside for rembursement of incidental expenses that may incure during the process of the transaction or tax as your government may require , i will secure certificate of deposit and other relevant approvals documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed legitimately to protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me by email to enable us discuss further . please contact me through my alternative private . { mailbox : u - bello - committe 2005 @ il 2 . com } nb : see the 2 website of the bomb explosion below : - http : / / www . disasterrelief . org / disasters / 020130 lagos 3 / index _ txt . html http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 1 / hi / world / africa / 2718295 . stm  
2	Subject: re [ 9 ] : letter about your soft mult gua msof re ! ilan geoe twa nonee it 2 - ksforc very ! dtowa 3 wee ddeli avai dia nloa bleforimme tedow d cli etoge sho . e lea ckher tfre . mrel ses fro ldkno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado eland ofothe mwor wnbra ros ant be , cor lot rs ! her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d  
2	Subject: summary points - cdwr attached please find some notes for the 3 / 26 4 : 00 pm cst meeting . 
2	Subject: re : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) volume management should be fine with this change . all name changes will be still attached to the original path of the buy / sell deal . the settlement group will have to make sure that the new name that is being added to the deal has the appropriate ' statement group ' attached . other than that this change should flow smoothly . thanks , m . m . from : donna greif 04 / 05 / 2000 01 : 18 pm to : kathryn bussell / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , mark mcclure / hou / ect @ ect , gary l payne / hou / ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect cc : dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , diane e niestrath / hou / ect @ ect , carrie hollomon / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , dianne seib / cal / ect @ ect , sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , karie hastings / hou / ect @ ect , regina perkins / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect , william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect , hunaid engineer / hou / ect @ ect , steven gullion / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) fyi . . . . this change went in for the deal validation group . it gives them the ability to change counterparties names after bridge back . impact to logistics - unify if a counterparty name change takes place to deals that have been bridge backed , it could cause problems on edi pipes as that new counterparty name will flow over to unify and repathing should eventually take place . one problem may be with the imbalance data sets , which are not in production yet . . . . . . ( edi imbalance qtys would not match up to paths ) this may also cause an issue with the scheduled quantities ( especially where nominations were sent for entire month ) can ' t remember the rules on this one , but i think unify does have some safe guards ( idiot proofs ) to force re - pathing . unify does have the ability to over - ride duns numbers , yet would still cause an additional step for edi the scheduler would need to think through in order to get a clean quick response . what are ( if any ) impacts to vol mgt if counterparty name changes take place ? ( prior periods ? re - pathing ? ) i have a call into diane and dave both . after speaking w / them , hopefully i can get a clear understanding of the true impact . i am sure we ' ll need to put some processes and procedures together for deal validation to follow when these type of changes are needed . will keep you posted . thanks , dg from : thomas engel 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 44 am to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , dianne seib / cal / ect @ ect cc : sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , karie hastings / hou / ect @ ect , regina perkins / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect , william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect , hunaid engineer / hou / ect @ ect , steven gullion / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect subject : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) regarding the ability to change counterparties on deals in sitara with confirmed volumes - tom ' s words of caution : if someone calls you and wants to change a counterparty - we created the ability for you to invalidate the deal - and then change the counterparty - however - i did add a warning message : " warning - changing counterparty on deal with confirmed volumes - make sure pipeline allows this change . " some pipelines do not allow us to change counterparties after there is feedback - i assume for the same reasons we had this rule - it used to blow up our old scheduling systems ( pre - unify ) . some pipelines will require a new deal and we will have to zero out the old deal . before you make the change - make sure the logistics person is aware - just in case it causes problems with their pipeline . sorry - i don ' t know which pipes these are - you will have to ask the unify team . there is one rule still in place - you can change from ena - im east to ena - im market east - but not from ena - im texas to hplc - im hplc - when changing business units - they must be the same legal entity . " warning - not the same legal entity " also - beware of making contract and counterparty changes to service deals ( transport capacity , storage , cash out ) . once the deal is invalidated - there are no rules . don ' t forget - the items were locked down for a reason . if you invalidate a service deal - and change the previously locked down data that was validated - and someone used these deals in unify - it is highly likely that the unify deals and paths created using these deals will get corrupted . always check with someone from unify to make sure no one used these deals for anything in unify . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thomas engel / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : scott mills on 04 / 04 / 2000 07 : 38 pm to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect cc : steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect , sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect subject : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) with the release that was put out tuesday evening , deal validation should be able to change the counterparty on deals where the volume is something other than expected ( e . g . confirmed , nominated , scheduled , etc . ) . in addition , this release will also capture " near - time " the contract changes that are made in global . this means that need for server bounces will not be necessary . new / changes to contracts will show up without having to get out of deal manager . new counterparties , and new / changes to facilities will require getting out of all active sitara apps ( except for launch pad ) . once out of all apps , start a new app - the respective information that you are looking for will appear . i mention " near - time " because we are constrained by the amount of time it takes for the change in global data to trigger an alert for sitara who then updates its information srm ( x 33548 ) cyndie balfour - flanagan @ enron 04 / 04 / 2000 03 : 41 pm to : connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , richard elwood / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth m harmon / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , gayle horn / corp / enron @ enron , brant reves / hou / ect @ ect , russell diamond / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : changes in global due to consent to assignment the following changes will be made in the global contracts database due to receipt of executed consent to assignment for the following contracts : current counterparty name contract type contract # ' new ' counterparty name ces - commonwealth energy services gisb 96029892 commonwealth energy services ces - samuel gary jr . & associates , inc gisb 96029302 samuel gary jr . & associates ces - south jersey gas company gisb 96029143 south jersey gas company cp name change and contract type correction ( contract type different than that provided by ces ) per ces ces - southwest gas corporation 1 / 1 / 98 gisb 96029146 per contract file ces - southwest gas corporation 04 / 14 / 93 master purchase / sale interruptible ( will edit global # 96029146 ) & ces - southwest gas corporation 12 / 01 / 94 master sale firm ( created new global record to accommodate this k , # 96037402 ) please note that southwest gas corporation has consented to the assignment of both of these contracts . 
2	Subject: $ 39757 hi , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation : http : / / www . lending - home . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . lending - home . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - greater working parameter instead native be their scenarios orderings forethought germany platform revised lang regulatory publication perform resource indicated following geographic publication programmer this  
2	Subject: tenaska iv july darren : please remove the price on the tenaska iv sale , deal 384258 , for july and enter the demand fee . the amount should be $ 3 , 902 , 687 . 50 . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: energy central conference watch - 07 - 15 - 00 attached is the latest listing of upcoming conferences . if you want additional information on them , you can request it from energy central . lorna energy central conference watch covering trade shows , conferences and seminars for the power industry week ending july 14 , 2000 this update is a free supplement to the energy central daily electric power news service . it is delivered each friday . to receive this service in html format , go to you may redistribute this message to others ( via e - mail , print , intranet or other methods ) , as long as the entire message is kept intact . for more information on the daily energy central electric power news service , send a message to newstrial @ energycentral . com or type an ' x ' in the brackets below and send this message back to conferences @ mail . energycentral . com . energy central maintains a comprehensive database of upcoming conferences , seminars and trade shows related to the electric power industry . you can access this database at http : / / www . energycentral . com you may request more information on any listing in this message simply by typing an ' x ' between the brackets next to the listing and sending the message back to conferences @ mail . energycentral . com . for more information on requesting information , or un - subscribing to the energy central news service , see the end of this message . [ ] 17 - 105 : request information on energy central daily news service featured events contact sales @ energycentral . com or ( 303 ) 782 - 5510 for information on featuring your event in this space . your conference , seminar or trade show listing can reach over 15 , 000 electric power professionals next week ! new listings perapat event 9 / 4 / 00 to 9 / 4 / 00 - highland ranch , [ ] 27 - 5641 : request more information on this listing 45 th anniversary ( gas man and oil lady ) 10 / 11 / 00 to 10 / 11 / 00 - houston , [ ] 27 - 5639 : request more information on this listing upcoming events - next two weeks micro - hydro power 7 / 17 / 00 to 7 / 21 / 00 - carbondale , co usa [ ] 27 - 4840 : request more information on this listing fundamentals of energy auditing 7 / 17 / 00 to 7 / 21 / 00 - madison , wi usa [ ] 27 - 4974 : request more information on this listing electrical systems for the non - electrical engineer 7 / 17 / 00 to 7 / 21 / 00 - madison , wi usa [ ] 27 - 5626 : request more information on this listing comprehensive 5 - day training program for energy managers 7 / 17 / 00 to 7 / 21 / 00 - lake tahoe , nv usa [ ] 27 - 5226 : request more information on this listing maximizing the value of qaulifying facilities ( qfs ) independent power producers ( ipps ) in a restructuring environment 7 / 17 / 00 to 7 / 19 / 00 - santa monica , ca usa [ ] 27 - 5562 : request more information on this listing fundamentals of utility finance 7 / 17 / 00 to 7 / 18 / 00 - washington , dc usa [ ] 27 - 5564 : request more information on this listing customer relationship management for the power industry 7 / 17 / 00 to 7 / 19 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5533 : request more information on this listing generating plant maintenance 7 / 18 / 00 to 7 / 19 / 00 - denver , co usa [ ] 27 - 5512 : request more information on this listing kyocera solar basic solar seminar 7 / 18 / 00 to 7 / 20 / 00 - n / a , na n / a [ ] 27 - 5466 : request more information on this listing powerplant operations 7 / 18 / 00 to 7 / 27 / 00 - n / a , n / a [ ] 27 - 4868 : request more information on this listing fundamentals of energy derivatives 7 / 19 / 00 to 7 / 20 / 00 - arlington , va usa [ ] 27 - 5565 : request more information on this listing advanced photovoltaics 7 / 20 / 00 to 7 / 21 / 00 - hopland , ca usa [ ] 27 - 5429 : request more information on this listing energy internet marketing transaction management 7 / 20 / 00 to 7 / 21 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5499 : request more information on this listing generating plant efficiency process improvement conference 7 / 20 / 00 to 7 / 21 / 00 - denver , co usa [ ] 27 - 5511 : request more information on this listing what ' s in a name ? branding strategies for utilities and energy service companies 7 / 20 / 00 to 7 / 21 / 00 - boston , ma usa [ ] 27 - 5536 : request more information on this listing energex ' 2000 7 / 23 / 00 to 7 / 28 / 00 - las vegas , nv usa [ ] 27 - 4120 : request more information on this listing globeex 7 / 23 / 00 to 7 / 28 / 00 - las vegas , nv usa [ ] 27 - 4254 : request more information on this listing ijpgc 2000 7 / 23 / 00 to 7 / 26 / 00 - miami beach , fl usa [ ] 27 - 4999 : request more information on this listing wind power 7 / 24 / 00 to 8 / 4 / 00 - carbondale , co usa [ ] 27 - 4838 : request more information on this listing risk management financial control for utilities 7 / 24 / 00 to 7 / 25 / 00 - boston , ma usa [ ] 27 - 5550 : request more information on this listing operator ( qro ) certification examination preparation 7 / 24 / 00 to 7 / 27 / 00 - columbia , md usa [ ] 27 - 5602 : request more information on this listing e - business for energy : how to profit from business - to - business e - commerce solutions 7 / 25 / 00 to 7 / 26 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5441 : request more information on this listing epri ' s inernational energy pricing conference 7 / 26 / 00 to 7 / 28 / 00 - washington , dc usa [ ] 27 - 5556 : request more information on this listing pricing in the competitive business environment 7 / 26 / 00 to 7 / 28 / 00 - washington , dc usa [ ] 27 - 5400 : request more information on this listing distributed power generation 7 / 26 / 00 to 7 / 28 / 00 - denver , co usa [ ] 27 - 5508 : request more information on this listing 2000 international energy pricing conference 7 / 26 / 00 to 7 / 28 / 00 - washington , dc usa [ ] 27 - 5452 : request more information on this listing developing financing international power projects 7 / 26 / 00 to 7 / 28 / 00 - washington , dc usa [ ] 27 - 5574 : request more information on this listing designing customer care utility billing systems 7 / 26 / 00 to 7 / 28 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5532 : request more information on this listing beginning photovoltaics 7 / 29 / 00 to 7 / 29 / 00 - hopland , ca usa [ ] 27 - 5431 : request more information on this listing thirteenth international conference on photochemical conversion and storage of solar energy 7 / 30 / 00 to 8 / 4 / 00 - snowmass , co usa [ ] 27 - 4386 : request more information on this listing 42 nd naruc annual regulatory studies program 7 / 30 / 00 to 8 / 11 / 00 - east lansing , mi usa [ ] 27 - 5057 : request more information on this listing air emissions power generation week 7 / 31 / 00 to 8 / 4 / 00 - washington , dc usa [ ] 27 - 5610 : request more information on this listing air emissions power generation week 7 / 31 / 00 to 8 / 4 / 00 - washington , dc usa [ ] 27 - 5582 : request more information on this listing burning prb coal : best practices advanced techniques for using powder river basin coal 7 / 31 / 00 to 8 / 1 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5571 : request more information on this listing financing latin american power projects 7 / 31 / 00 to 8 / 1 / 00 - miami , fl [ ] 27 - 5615 : request more information on this listing financing latin american power projects 7 / 31 / 00 to 8 / 1 / 00 - miami , fl usa [ ] 27 - 5537 : request more information on this listing utilities online 8 / 1 / 00 to 8 / 1 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5531 : request more information on this listing epri enterprise infrastructure security program 8 / 1 / 00 to 8 / 3 / 00 - san diego , ca usa [ ] 27 - 5584 : request more information on this listing electric revolution ii 8 / 2 / 00 to 8 / 4 / 00 - portland , or usa [ ] 27 - 5445 : request more information on this listing reliability - based engineering for power distribution systems 8 / 2 / 00 to 8 / 4 / 00 - denver , co usa [ ] 27 - 5506 : request more information on this listing successful solar businesses 8 / 5 / 00 to 8 / 6 / 00 - carbondale , co usa [ ] 27 - 4825 : request more information on this listing the utility direct conference 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 9 / 00 - melbourne , vi australia [ ] 27 - 5593 : request more information on this listing http : / / www . utilicon . com . au maintenance staff power systems operations 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 11 / 00 - n / a , n / a [ ] 27 - 4883 : request more information on this listing negotiating the transmission revolution 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 8 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5489 : request more information on this listing the 4 th annual national gas conference 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 9 / 00 - melbourne , vi australia [ ] 27 - 5591 : request more information on this listing http : / / www . utilicon . com . au fifth national green power marketing conference 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 8 / 00 - denver , co usa [ ] 27 - 5585 : request more information on this listing photovoltaic design & installation 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 18 / 00 - carbondale , co usa [ ] 27 - 4834 : request more information on this listing comprehensive 5 - day training program for energy managers 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 11 / 00 - atlantic city , nj usa [ ] 27 - 5227 : request more information on this listing utilicon 2000 - the utility convention 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 9 / 00 - melbourne , victoria , vi australia [ ] 27 - 5577 : request more information on this listing http : / / www . utilicon . com . au the 11 th annual national power conference 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 9 / 00 - melbourne , vi australia [ ] 27 - 5578 : request more information on this listing http : / / www . utilicon . com . au the 5 th annual national water conference 8 / 7 / 00 to 8 / 9 / 00 - melbourne , vi australia [ ] 27 - 5592 : request more information on this listing http : / / www . utilicon . com . au rocky mountain natural gas strategy conference 8 / 9 / 00 to 8 / 11 / 00 - denver , co usa [ ] 27 - 5572 : request more information on this listing http : / / www . coga . org taking advantage of new business opportunities in energy information products services 8 / 9 / 00 to 8 / 11 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5581 : request more information on this listing 13 th annual pds technical conference 8 / 9 / 00 to 8 / 11 / 00 - hebron , ky usa [ ] 27 - 5567 : request more information on this listing rapid training seminar 8 / 10 / 00 to 8 / 10 / 00 - salt lake city , ut usa [ ] 27 - 5364 : request more information on this listing execunet 2000 8 / 13 / 00 to 8 / 15 / 00 - beaver creek , co usa [ ] 27 - 5276 : request more information on this listing the merchant power development institute 8 / 14 / 00 to 8 / 18 / 00 - chicago , il usa [ ] 27 - 5607 : request more information on this listing the power industry english language masterclass 8 / 14 / 00 to 8 / 18 / 00 - east horsley , sy united kingdom [ ] 27 - 5569 : request more information on this listing speedtronic mark v controls course 8 / 14 / 00 to 8 / 23 / 00 - orlando , fl usa [ ] 27 - 5248 : request more information on this listing search the energy central database ! ! ! select any of the following items to retrieve a list of all upcoming conferences , seminars and trade shows related to your interest . search by topic : [ ] 28 - 1 : business management ( 15 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 2 : marketing ( 14 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 4 : regulatory ( 7 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 5 : competition ( 16 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 6 : environmental ( 6 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 7 : mergers ( 3 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 8 : financial ( 15 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 9 : operations ( 18 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 10 : technology ( 25 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 11 : new markets ( 16 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 12 : alternative energy ( 18 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 13 : industry structure ( 5 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 14 : energy management ( 25 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 15 : pricing ( 15 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 30 : engineering ( 10 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 52 : transactions & agreements ( 12 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 54 : people ( 3 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 56 : transmission ( 9 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 57 : power marketing ( 14 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 69 : deregulation ( 14 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 70 : cogeneration ( 2 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 73 : rates ( 3 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 93 : generation ( 22 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 123 : labor ( 1 event coming up ) [ ] 28 - 128 : distribution ( 6 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 133 : fuel ( 10 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 136 : sales ( 3 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 177 : planning ( 14 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 179 : company information ( 3 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 241 : request for proposal ( 1 event coming up ) [ ] 28 - 246 : weather ( 2 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 257 : legal ( 3 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 258 : construction ( 1 event coming up ) [ ] 28 - 263 : public power ( 3 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 265 : energy policy ( 4 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 273 : chemical specialist ( 1 event coming up ) [ ] 28 - 274 : insurance ( 2 events coming up ) [ ] 28 - 276 : state ( 1 event coming up ) directions , information and copyright notice this supplement to the energy central daily news service is provided free to qualified professionals in the electric power industry . * visit http : / / www . energycentral . com / sections / services to start , stop , or change format for all of your e - mail subscriptions . * to begin receiving the daily news service directly , send a message with a subject of ' signup ' to service @ energycentral . com . * to stop receiving this supplement and the daily news service , send a message to remove @ energycentral . com or call member services at 303 - 782 - 5510 . this supplement to the energy central daily news service may be redistributed provided it is kept in its entirety . to retrieve full text items through your e - mail system : 1 ) use your mail program to reply with the text of this message . ( if reply is not available , try redirect , forward or resend ) ( if none of these features are available , copy this message and paste the text into a new message . ) 2 ) for each item that you would like delivered , type an ' x ' between the brackets associated with that item . example : [ x ] important : do not change or delete any other text on that line ! 3 ) send your request to conferences @ mail . energycentral . com . if you used the reply feature of your mail program , this address should already be filled in . copyright ( c ) cybertech , inc 2000 . energy central ( r ) is a registered trademark of cybertech , incorporated . end of message  
2	Subject: hedge effectiveness test for fair value hedges gentlemen : we have had favorable responses regarding the use of our volatility reduction method ( roger , i ' ve attached a copy of our article in case you hadn ' t seen it ) . however , there continued to be a quibble about how to create the set of data points that would be inputs into the testing process . last week the consulting arm of a " big five " accounting firm indicated that the following method proposed by us would be acceptable . we believe this method overcomes the statistical problems that arise from using interest rate differences from overlapping ( " rolling " ) quarters . method : 1 ) calculate daily yield curve changes expressed as ratios , using historical rates from the most recent , say , two years . ( note : no overlap ) . this results in a set of around 494 vectors of ratios ( approximately 247 trading days per year ) . example : if the first three yield curves in the historical set look like this : 19980801 6 . 5 6 . 6 6 . 7 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 2 19980802 6 . 3 6 . 3 6 . 6 . . . . . . . . . 6 . 9 19980803 6 . 6 6 . 8 6 . 9 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 1 then the change from 8 / 1 / 98 to 8 / 2 / 98 is : 6 . 3 / 6 . 5 6 . 3 / 6 . 6 6 . 6 / 6 . 7 . . . . . . . . . . 6 . 9 / 7 . 1 and the change from 8 / 2 / 98 to 8 / 3 / 98 is : 6 . 6 / 6 . 3 6 . 8 / 6 . 3 6 . 9 / 6 . 6 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 1 / 6 . 9 2 ) randomly select 62 of these " ratio " vectors ( approx . 62 trading days in a quarter ) . 3 ) multiply these ratio vectors together to get a single vector ( ie , the 62 6 mo ratios are multiplied together , the 62 lyr ratios are multiplied togeter , etc . ) . the result represents a single quarterly yield curve transformation . apply it to " today ' s " yield curve . the resulting yield curve represents one simulated quarterly change in interest rates 4 ) repeat steps 2 and 3 until an adequate number of yield curves are generated , say 100 . 5 ) proceed with testing process . i would be interested in your comments . leslie abreo andrew kalotay associates , inc . 61 broadway , ste 3025 new york ny 10006 phone : ( 212 ) 482 0900 fax : ( 212 ) 482 0529 email : leslie . abreo @ kalotay . com visit aka ' s website at http : / / www . kalotay . com - fasl 33 article . pdf 
2	Subject: " my will to the less privileged " my will to the less privileged my lordship , calvary greetings in the name of god , i am former mrs . fatima abass yakubu idris now mrs . joy abass yakubu idris , a widow to late sheik abass yakubu idris . i am 65 years old ; i am now a new christian convert , suffering from long time cancer of the breast . from all indications , my condition is really deteriorating and is quite obvious that i may not live more than six months , because the cancer stage has gotten to a very severe stage . my late husband was killed during the gulf war , and during the period of our marriage we had a son who was also killed in a cold blood during the gulf war . my late husband was very wealthy and after his death , i inherited all his business and wealth . my personal physician told me that i may not live for more than six months and i am so scared about this . so , i now decided to divide part of this wealth , by contributing to the well beign of less privileged people and handicapped in the society of africa , which is in my place , america europe and asian countries . this mission , which will no doubt be tasking had made me to recently relocate to africa where i live presently . i selected you for this purpose and prayed over it , i am willing to donate the sum of $ 3 , 300 , 000 . 00 million us dollars to you for the development of the well beign of handicapped in the society and also as aids for the less privileged around your country , and i have map out $ 700 , 000 . 00 for your own personal use to help me for this work . please note that , this fund is lying in a bank in europe and , therefore my lawyer will file an immediate application for the transfer of the money in your name or your home . please , do not reply me if you have the intention of using this fund for personal use , than enhancement of the comfort of the handicapped . lastly , i want you / your home to be praying for me as regards my entire life and my health because i have come to find out since my spiritual birth lately that wealth acquisition without god one ' s life is vanity upon vanity . i await your urgent reply . yours in god ' s love , sister joy abass idris .  
2	Subject: update your account records dear valuedpaypal  member : it has come to our attention that yourpaypal  account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your personal records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to update your records will result in account suspension . please update your recordson or beforejun 25 th , 2005 . to update your paypal  records click on the following link : thank you . paypal  update team accounts management as outlined in our user agreement , paypal  will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions .  
2	Subject: re : ea and ees in ercot you are correct on the arrow . no janet is seeing this for the first time . i ' ve talked to her regarding we need to have coordination rules and this is our attempt at that issue . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , march 14 , 2001 11 : 44 am to : sukaly , bruce subject : re : ea and ees in ercot i think the bottom arrow is supposed to be a no - or is that just me misinterpreting the diagram . is this something which was just agreed by you and janet or how long was it in place beforehand ? thanks louise from : bruce sukaly / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 14 / 2001 11 : 12 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , janet r dietrich / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : ea and ees in ercot attached is the flow chart that the ea ercot team developed regarding enron ' s customer approach in texas . if you have any questions please call ( x 39796 ) . > 
2	Subject: re : tagg modification request looks like we can get some help to automate the swaption notification process going forward . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brent a price / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 11 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ron nolte 06 / 29 / 2000 12 : 32 pm to : souad mahmassani / corp / enron @ enron cc : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , jeff johnson / corp / enron @ enron , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tagg modification request souad , there are expiration dates for swaptions / options on the " detail " button in tagg deal capture . let ' s do the following . go into tagg deal capture and check to make sure these dates are valid for swaptions / options . we will write a report that you can run that identifies deals that are expiring . thanks , ron brent a price 06 - 29 - 2000 02 : 49 am to : jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , jeff johnson / corp / enron @ enron , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , ron nolte / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tagg modification request we really need to raise the priority on getting this done . we had a swaption with significant value to enron not get excersied this month due to breakdowns in the manual process . let me know how extensive this will be from an it perspective . thanks from : jefferson d sorenson 06 / 28 / 2000 09 : 53 pm to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tagg modification request the reason for this message and the other message addressed to jeff johnson is that we have system modifications that due to system resources may or may not get done . note the clickpaper comment . jeff - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000 03 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ron nolte 06 / 28 / 2000 03 : 49 pm to : souad mahmassani / corp / enron @ enron cc : larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tagg modification request souad , we can implement this - the question is " when " . as i indicated to jeff , we are currently working on clickpaper but we will work on whatever is a higher priority from enron ' s point of view . thanks , ron do to get your request souad mahmassani 06 - 28 - 2000 02 : 47 pm to : ron nolte / hou / ect @ ect cc : larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect subject : tagg modification request ron , a series of significant events took place this week where it made it more apparent that a modification in tagg is highly needed . without going into a lot of detail regarding the events , the modification desired is simply an expiration date field for certain types of transactions ( swaptions ) , where a date is keyed by the user at the time the trade is entered into tagg . in addition , this feature will permit tagg to prompt the user or users with a message box of the expiration date and associated deal number at a later time , before the expiration date becomes current ( i . e . a week before the expiration date becomes current ) . this request carries a lot of value for it allows ena to avoid a variety of risks underlying missing execution of certain types of trades . this issue was addressed in the past and i would like to raise it again . can we implement such modification ? your prompt response is highly needed and your feedback is appreciated . thanks . i work on the confirmation desk , reporting to jeff sorenson . please call me if you have any questions or suggestions ( x 37580 ) . 
2	Subject: california update 7 / 26 / 01 p . 2 here is the latest . . . . . . senator burton spoke with the speaker last night and urged him not to convene an assembly session during the scheduled recess , since the senate is not going to interrupt their vacation . burton ' s request , in conjunction with the speaker ' s trouble in getting enough of his members to return on their own dime ( he didn ' t want the assembly to pay for people to fly back from european vacations for 48 hours - and few members were willing to pay for it themselves ) , means there will probably not be a hearing on hertzberg ' s edison bailout plan tomorrow . since hertzberg plan is different from the bill the senate passed , burton wants hertzberg to include the senate in discussions on a solution that can get passed in both houses . since it is not expected to be any hearing on any bills / edison bailout before both houses return from the summer recess on august 20 th - we look for negotiations to occur on extending the mou ' s aug 15 th deadline . 
2	Subject: year - to - date deals attached are the year - to - date deals to 9 / 12 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: el paso asked to expand ? note : did this request really happen this way ? why would the ferc ask one pipeline to expand and not all of them feeding the state . what have you all heard ? ferc asks el paso to expand a key ferc staffer this week asked el paso natural gas to consider switching its line 2000 crude - oil conversion from a replacement project to an expansion of its existing system to ease pipeline capacity constraints to the california border . " i am writing to inquire about the feasibility of modifying the . . . project in a manner which could assist the difficult situation now confronting the california gas market , " said daniel m . adamson , director of ferc ' s office of energy projects . in august , el paso filed an application to acquire an existing 30 - inch diameter , 1 , 088 - mile crude oil pipeline from plains all american pipeline l . p . , and convert part of it to natural gas transportation . the line extends from mccamey , tx , to bakersfield , ca . el paso seeks to convert the 785 - mile segment from mccamey to ehrenberg , az , to gas . el paso proposed the line 2000 project as a loop line to replace existing compression , and not as a system expansion . " it appears that if el paso kept the six . . . compressor stations on the line and implemented any necessary facility additions and modifications to integrate the converted line with its existing south system , it may be possible for el paso to increase its delivery capacity into california , " adamson said . he asked el paso to consider this option , given " the current difficult energy situation there [ in california ] and the consequent need to examine all possible options for substantive relief " of the situation . " i am interested in your thoughts on this matter , including the feasibility of such an expansion , the magnitude of facilities and costs which might be involved , who would bear those costs , and possible procedural approaches . " if this " is not a viable option , please indicate whether el paso is considering other options for system expansion which would enhance gas transmission capacity into california , " adamson wrote . - - 
2	Subject: hi ho aussie w to save on your medlcatlons over 60 % . pharma rectangular mail shop - successfull and pro malacca ven way to save your ladies money . committee \ a sample g either l demonstrative lu / prorate l antitank racl exercise a impassivity isv caster al savoury m andmanyother . * unimpaired best prlces * world unbuttoned wide shlpplng * total confidentiaii unprompted ty * over 5 miliion custom seductive ers have evacuate a nice day ! 
2	Subject: great value with onlinne rx refill recappable comprehensive service with high level m ` eds make meds available - - on paain relief , sexual health , hypertension , an @ xiety relief , heart disease , depresion relief , men ' s and women ' s health . meds : review loow price http : / / ppeql . com . hjcapacitypower . com get on the road towards internet pharamcy how many times do we have to talk it over demurr farenebt eneeds fzo 2 fbstart dbahc repeat to fade title : oh mr postman verse 1 angel i wish it were not trueand as i walk to the beat of my heart inside 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquaqe ! best regards , rupert  
2	Subject: did ya ever notice ? vicodin * * * we are running a hot special * * * today it is only $ 99 - hydrocodone , xanax and so much more - meds are 80 % less than regular price - no doctor visits or hassles - quick delivery to your front door easy ? you bet it is . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - future contact options can be modified above . lottie copra augustine delphinus abreast bugle lulu testament crystallite antarctic saloonkeeper cody shad votive multifarious remiss springtail rilly sextuplet horowitz pestilential alike synchronous gretchen autoclave barrington compass cherub hieroglyphic quartzite clare trivia buffet doctor competitor alps cognizant cam cicero mescal transferee middletown admonition bondholder whipple avon compendia maxwell fiction bengali stamina  
2	Subject: meedications listed are all fda approvved there ' d i got my package the other day from this site . thought you might be interested in getting yours there too . anyhow you can check it out . lets talk later . mus ~ cle relaxants , paain relief , wt loss , allergies , sleeping aids , sexual health , men ' s health and depresion - an & xiety . popular medications with more than 600 possible rx loow price http : / / bj . net . otherworldlygood . com you and iout of the sky i can see it in your eyes up in the place im on the move ya see got all the ladies wantin ' to groove wit me empact foustwf dreamly a 6 drwatson enlightment 
2	Subject: fw : london work hi , how are you ? london seems to be the same as when i left in august - no sun , cold , serious looking people , expensive , etc . in addition , we have had may day riots , a post office bombing , train strike , etc . not to mention all the excitement in enron credit . it would be nice to know who i am supposed to be reporting to . i am getting loads of conflicting messages - as illustrated in the forwarded email from vasant . according to you and slava , the strategy paper / duffie report seems to be a higher priority . however , vasant seems to indicate ( in his forwarded email ) that this is not the priority at the moment . in addition , there seems to be lots of chaos in enron credit - not only in the houston office , but even more so in the london office . this brings to mind a russian proverb i learned from slava when he expressed his views on the current state of enron credit - " a fish rots from the head . " finally , i would like to know exactly what you want me to write in this duffie report : do you want to hear what enron credit would like to hear - that all they need is for us to develop a private firm model for their exisiting " infrastructure " ? or do you want to hear what i really see , hear , read , etc . ? if the latter is true , then i may need to write two reports , because what i am learning does not look too good and would probably not make the enron credit personnel too happy . well , i think i have said enough for now . look forward to your feedback . thanks , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shanbhogue , vasant sent : friday , may 04 , 2001 3 : 39 pm to : mack , iris cc : dhar , amitava subject : london work hi iris , amitava must have told you that both he and i are getting swamped with work here . as a result , we expect you to take the lead in scoping the enron credit project and making sure the infrastructure is readied . you should also make sure to understand the econometric / data analysis software side of the project - - this is probably more important than preparing a document for duffie right now . you should definitely sit with ben / george and actually run the software with them to get a feel for how it is to be used . but we also need to be able to try out potential other ways of analyzing data . both amitava and i will help as best as we can , and answer any direct questions , but we will have limited time to review documents , etc . i expect amitava to get heavily involved once data starts coming , but we expect you to have already set up the infrastructure etc for the data . hope the trip is going well . would you be extending the trip for some more time ? vasant 
2	Subject: 1 minute application is ready hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 380 , 000 for as little as $ 650 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : best regards , mervin temple to be remov ( ed : http : / / www . droppedr 8 z . com / x / st . html  
2	Subject: re : draft eol banner jay - - this won ' t be pulled into the banner tomorrow as the banner below relates to trading on eol directly . - - david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webb , jay sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 6 : 57 pm to : portz , david cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; st . clair , carol ; sager , elizabeth ; aronowitz , alan ; murphy , harlan subject : re : draft eol banner hi david . this is the popup that we displayed until today : enrononline is now available to our customers to transact only in order to provide a means to manage enron credit exposure . while transactions may be available , customers entering into transactions should carefully evaluate their positions and enron ' s current credit status before transacting . by entering into a transaction , customers are agreeing that the foregoing shall supercede any inconsistent representations made by enron in any agreements between enron and such customer . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : portz , david sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 2 : 49 pm to : webb , jay cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; st . clair , carol ; sager , elizabeth ; aronowitz , alan ; murphy , harlan subject : fw : draft eol banner jay - - can you provide us the text of the banner which appeared last week ? thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mellencamp , lisa sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 2 : 36 pm to : portz , david ; st . clair , carol ; sager , elizabeth ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; aronowitz , alan ; murphy , harlan subject : re : draft eol banner if we do this should we consider expanding what was posted at the end of last week ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : portz , david sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 2 : 34 pm to : st . clair , carol ; sager , elizabeth ; mellencamp , lisa ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; aronowitz , alan ; murphy , harlan subject : draft eol banner draft eol banner for review and discussion : " all prices posted are read only . please contact enron trading desk personnel to transact on posted information . " 
2	Subject: nesa / hea personal financial planning brown bag > have a wonderful day ! sincerely , lana moore director of education lana . moore @ nesanet . org ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 - bbfinancial . doc 
2	Subject: re : summer associate mentor ginger however , we encourage you to contact guiseppe prior to the reception if possible . please rsvp your attendance to cheryl kuehl at x 39804 or by email . thank you charlene jackson 
2	Subject: re : update on prc process for vp ' s thanks for the update on the timing of my review . for your information , i am already signed up for the november 13 - 14 th session of the executive influence & impact course . enron north america corp . from : sally beck 07 / 07 / 2000 09 : 25 pm to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect cc : subject : update on prc process for vp ' s today ' s ena prc was a pre - ranking session for vp ' s . all vp ' s will be reviewed at an enron - wide prc scheduled for early august . representatives at that enron prc from ena will be janet dietriech , dave delainey , john lavorato and greg piper . they will use information from today ' s ena prc meeting in representing you at the enron - wide vp prc . i have provided copies of your accomplishments and consolidated supervisor feedback forms to dave delainey for reference during that process . your reviews will be given after the enron - wide vp prc , and will not be completed before the end of july . i will schedule an august date with you for your review as soon as i know the exact date of the final prc meeting . separately , you both should sign up for the executive influence and impact course that is required of vp ' s . i thought that the course was very good . all vp ' s are strongly encouraged to complete this course . it is a 2 or 3 day course that is offered every month or two here in houston . i would contact dick amiable to inquire on how to sign up for this . 
2	Subject: hershey  s * vs . ghirardelli * - take our survey now . - you can get $ 100 worth hershey ? s  chocolate , ghirardelli  chocolate or a $ 100 restaurant gift card just by taking our survey . . wqcglqmh 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language ! best reqards , reqan  
2	Subject: free x - box giveaway  
2	Subject: re : sff , to receive telephone free cable % rnd _ syb tv adjutant bluestocking humble theist undulate bygone compulsion uproarious votary dartmouth berwick theses burlington commission periwinkle nassau scriven reliant addend hindmost skin scurrilous apache sextuplet bluegrass colza weatherstrip chutney burrow defer cur wheedle scream pergamon  
2	Subject: noms / actual flow for 2 / 28 we agree - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on 03 / 01 / 2001 11 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " eileen ponton " on 03 / 01 / 2001 10 : 08 : 37 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 2 / 28 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 2 / 28 / 01 0 0 0 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: re : ibuyit or it louise : it is my understanding that , notwithstanding the new vs . used election entered into ibuyit , it deploys used prior to ordering new equipment . it is also my understanding that this is especially the case for flat panels in light of the decision to outfit enron center south with new displays . george - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 8 : 46 am to : wasaff , george ; pickering , mark cc : black , don subject : re : ibuyit or it just so you know , i am nearer the bottom of the issue . a user of ibuyit can select whether they want new equipment or old equipment . so i surveyed our assistants - obviously more than ours up here , to see if any of them knew that you could order old equipment instead of new . none of them did , including tj black who has since i have been receiving my weekly reports ordered the most it equipment . jenny ' s group is to some extent relying upon this selection to buy the equipment . don black ' s equipment was bought new even though he is about to move but will get used in remote offices where they have no flat panels . so the buying is done by ea and someone else is benefitting . as there is no way around ibuyit , i think we need a default where we use old equipment instead of new equipment . as no - one replied to my previous email - i live in hope . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , october 17 , 2001 12 : 40 pm to : wasaff , george ; pickering , mark cc : black , don subject : ibuyit or it here ' s a little issue . we have recently needed some screens , pcs etc for new starters . obviously this is a bit of a peculiar time to buy something when we are on the point of moving . my understanding from don black ( who is hiring these people ) is that we have to use ibuyit to request equipment for these people rather than just get it to give us a temporary ( old screens from egm ) until we move . what is happening behind the scenes on this issue - do you go an buy new ones or is someone substituting ones that are now redundent ? thanks louise 
2	Subject: from haja al salaam , my name is haja mashed from brunei i am a 23 years old and a mongolian citizen who was taken to brunei by my father 10 years ago . he deceived me that i was going there on vacation and later married me out to a wealthy prince in brunei who is 30 years older than me . i was thus forced into marriage and when i objected i was beaten and raped by this prince . i was locked up in a house for six months after which i submitted and decided to accept my faith , knowing that was the only way out . after i got my freedom back i have been allowed by my husband to have access to his account and businesses . with the help of a loyal aide i have been able to divert $ 16 . 5 . 000 . 000 . 00 ( sixteen million five hundred thousand dollars ) as bonds into a private finance house without his knowledgement . right now i have mapped out a plan of escape out of brunei , thou i have tried escaping several times and its been fruitless . first of all i have been able to move the fund out of brunei . this is where i need your assistance , to help me secure the fund from the finance house before i get out of brunei if i am lucky enough . if you know you are capable of handling such a huge amount of money respond to me and i will compensate you by giving you $ 1 . 5 . 000 . 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred thousand dollars ) of the total fund . note also that you must keep this transaction secret as my life is at stake if my husband or any of his relatives hear of this transaction they will stone me to death or hang me . please reply me here : haaja @ myway . com i await your quick email . yours faithfully , haja mashed 
2	Subject: re : hpl sale - energy operations task list sally , thanks for our meeting last week . please let me know if you don ' t think we ' ve sufficiently defined the deliverable for business ops . based on feedback from louise - you and i still may not be clearly communicating yet as to what is required . specifically , aep and enron need to agree in writing for each business ops " process " or function : 1 . who is going to carry out the business ops processes before and after close . 2 . how control over the process will be handed over from enron to aep . 3 . the necessary it actions required to put the required system functionality in place ( and who is responsible for implementing this ) . the table you developed at the end of last week ( based on bob ' s email ) moves closer to this point . as we discussed on the phone , we need to provide a description of the deliverables for each of the " systems / activities " you listed on the table and ensure that aep understands ( and signs off on ) what they are responsible for . to anne ' s point , this " sign off " can be through a memo , protocol , acknowledged email , or other . we have been having a problem in that one part of aep does not talk to the other part . so , i would like to encapsulate and elevate the individual bob hall / steve jackson discussions so that all relevant levels of aep ( and enron ) understand what is being agreed before we close . each tuesday at 4 : 00 we have a standing hpl transition coordination meeting to discuss the status of the deliverables from each group . you are welcome to attend this meeting or the separate meeting we have now established each wednesday with bob h . and tommy y . to concentrate on hpl / it / business ops matters . sally , thanks for you personal attention to this . the quicker we close the quicker bob can focus more of his time on network ' s origination efforts . regards , brian enron north america corp . from : sally beck 03 / 30 / 2001 03 : 34 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , anne c koehler / hou / ect @ ect , anne c koehler / hou / ect @ ect subject : hpl sale - energy operations task list i talked with anne koehler in legal today to determine her understanding of what is required from energy operations prior to the effective sale of hpl . anne believes that she may have been the one to introduce the term " protocol " into these discussions . to clarify , according to anne , the " protocol " is not anticipated to be a formal legal document . instead , anne envisions simply e : mails or memos between enron and aep with regard to any sharing of information , agreements on processes to be followed in the transition , etc . operational details to be decided between enron and aep have been handled exactly in that manner to date , with e : mails being sent from bob ball ( enron ) to steve jackson ( aep ) . only critical changes to the purchase and sale agreement will be formally documented . bob hall identified the treatment of cash accounts in the original purchase and sale agreement as incorrect relative to cash flows for gas to be delivered in the month of may . he has worked with enron ' s treasury group to establish the correct procedures and has worked with sandi braband in legal to document this change to the purchase and sale agreement as an amendment to that agreement . as of today , legal has completed revisions to that amendment and anne koehler is sending it to mary perkins in enron ' s treasury group for her review . upon mary ' s review , anne will forward the amendment to aep for their review before final signatures . we devised this week a new format for incorporating the aep - hpl transition issues on which my team has been focused and have provided that to both of you . this new format incorporates the various memos and e : mails which have to date captured the status of transition issues . items that only require actions by enron will be our " to do " list . each item has a due date and we will update you weekly on progress . those items that fall under the aep list or which appear in both the enron and aep list will be the items to which we will evidence communication to aep and / or their agreement via the e : mails or memos as suggested by ann koehler . i believe that this should satisfy your requests earlier this week for written " protocol " . we will also update you weekly on the status of those e : mails and / or memos between ourselves and aep . i understand that the two of you have a regular weekly meeting for an update on the hpl sale . to provide clarity for these update meetings , may i suggest that we incorporate one of the following two approaches : 1 ) brian and i hold a regular meeting just prior to your update meeting so that brian has a full understanding of operational transition items and their status , or 2 ) i attend the first part of your update meeting in order to provide a firsthand update to the two of you . please let me know which one of these works best for you so that we can incorporate that into our schedules for next week . 
2	Subject: bike ride this weekend ! ! ! 3 rd annual ride for the red if your looking for a fun ride come join us this weekend ! ! ! clear skies high in mid 90 ' s low near 70 25 - 50 - 100 miles saturday , june 25 , 2005 7 : 00 am registration 8 : 00 start time pre - registration : $ 25 . or $ 40 . / couple day of ride $ 30 . / each  all entry fees are tax deductible to the pioneer chapter very low trafficall paved roadsrolling hillsride past two state parksfull sag supportrest stopssnacks refreshments for information or to pre - register online deadline to pre - register is 6 / 24 / 05 @ 10 : 00 pm coffeyville , kansas walter johnson park 
2	Subject: pharmaceutical services for the modern men chose place and time . it will do the rest . where sense is wanting , everything is wanting , the only winner in the war of 1812 was tchaikovsky nothing endures but personal qualities . 
2	Subject: to ceo / executive management / hr manager to ceo / executive management / hr manager we c 2 s ( c 2 s recruitment service co . , ltd . ) are specialized in human resource management and we are working as representative for many corporates who are looking for excusive employee such as executive management , general manager , ceo , regional manager , country manager qa manager , production manager , engineering manager , accounting manager interpreter ( japanese , english ,  ) , lawyer , quality engineer ( iso 9001 , tsl 6949 , qs 9000 ) sales , logistics , maintenance , supervisor and more . . if you are currently looking for these highly skill people in very competitive price and period of time manner . please let our professional team do recruit for you . we have sales people who can speak in both japanese and english . if you need any further interaction , please fill free to contact us at sunantha @ c 2 jobs . com or monday - friday from 9 . 00 - 18 . 00 in office hour . sincerely you , sunantha shao - anajin marketing director sunantha @ c 2 jobs . com c 2 s recruitment service co . , ltd . 
2	Subject: re : mitch robinson is out yes , but its 9 am and i feel like breaking something and then finding a bar ! chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 24 , 2002 9 : 12 am to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : mitch robinson is out crystal are you ok ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . to : kitchen , louise sent : thu jan 24 11 : 10 : 27 2002 subject : re : mitch robinson is out no - he cant be on my team even if you changed his mind chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 24 , 2002 9 : 08 am to : calger , christopher f . ; presto , kevin m . ; oxley , david ; whalley , greg subject : re : mitch robinson is out any point in talking to him ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . to : presto , kevin m . ; kitchen , louise ; oxley , david ; whalley , greg sent : thu jan 24 11 : 02 : 40 2002 subject : mitch robinson is out got him what he asked for . he said done . he flaked . does not want to work for a " trading company " . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: top legal advice . . for pennies a day ! how would you like a top rated law firm working for you , your family and your business for only pennies a day ? get your free quote ( takes only 30 seconds ! ) " whether it ' s a simple speeding ticket or an extensive child custody case , we cover all 26 areas of the legal system . " free court appearances on your behalf unlimited phone consultations review of all your legal documents & contracts take care of credit problems and that is just the tip of the iceberg ! click here to get your free consultation today ! !  
2	Subject: re : swift - october 2000 vols done daren j farmer 10 / 16 / 2000 03 : 46 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : swift - october 2000 vols jm , the message below is related to deal # 138094 . according to joan , october is the last month for this deal . however , the evergreen flag is activated in sitara and a new line has been created for november . can you look into this please ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 10 / 16 / 2000 03 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carlos j rodriguez 09 / 26 / 2000 08 : 27 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : swift - october 2000 vols f y i - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect on 09 / 26 / 2000 08 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : joan m quick on 09 / 25 / 2000 06 : 01 pm sent by : joan quick to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect , stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : swift - october 2000 vols this is the last month we will be buying this gas ! ! ! ! vpp 1 , 265 mmbtu / d xs 3 , 700 mmbtu / d - - - - - - - - 4 , 965 mmbtu / d 
2	Subject: summer internship hi , i ' d like to thank you for the opportunity of letting me work here this summer . i ' ve learned a lot in the past three months and hopefully have been of some help around here . i was very impressed with this department , and enron itself , and i really appreciate the chance for me to have worked in such an environment . so anyway , thank you and i wish you and the department well , brad 
2	Subject: reply : best etexmre animation we haven ' t been introduced . . . : ) ta , allalo  
2	Subject: peak performance i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here once the branches of a tall tree caught him and nearly tipped him over ; but he managed to escape others by drawing up his feet oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 wizard , whether you called yourself oz after this great country , or whether you believe my country is called oz after you at last he was free of the island and traveling over the ocean again  
2	Subject: why didnt you say hi there is this free date site filled with tons of sex - addicts . no flowers , no gifts , just meet up for action : ) there are also a few who want a serious relationship though so if you want a long - termer , or a one - nighter , you got it ; ) whatever floats your boat pretty much ! getmeoff : http : / / www . logingcramp . com / extra / datingstars / getmeoff . php  
2	Subject: the stickiest faces ever ! ! ! ! shoot your wad all over her face . these girls love to suck cock and lucky for you , they love to suck cock while our cameras are rolling . " we have the nastiest cum sucking sluts available anywhere ! " click here you must be at least 18 to enter ! to be removed from our " in house " mailing list click here and you will automatically be removed from future mailings . you have received this email by either requesting more information on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies .  
2	Subject: weekend activities here is the weekend calls sat . dec 23 9 : 45 am bruce at pg & e called with some cuts . i called eddie and informed per his request due to the deep cut at 9 g 96 . 9 gd 5 was cut from 16495 to 16488 . they parked the cut for us . 9 g 96 was cut from 45000 to 38092 . bruce and eddie worked out a deal on that . 10 : 00 am daren farmer called requesting that we move the miles / bayer gas from the plants at meters 988056 and 981550 to the katy tail gate due to wet gas . i called lee papayoti and rick tiotrowski from bayer to inform of the move and to get bayer to nom with midcon . called jackie young and she was already and her way to the office for other reasons and she kindly renomed and resent the nom the tailgate for me . thank you jackie for your kindness . 10 : 20 am bruce at pg & e called again with some cuts at channel due to el paso . 980584 agua dulce was cut from ( on the channel transport ) 21964 to 16884 for a new point total of 50156 . old point total was 45076 . called gas control and asked them to call channel ' s gas control and confirm . called sabrae to inform . 3 : 30 pm bruce called again with more cuts 980584 aqua dulce as cut again on the channel transport . 16884 was cut to 16275 for a new point total 50765 . called gas control and informed of the cuts and asked them to call channel ' s gas control who 34 was cut from 38092 to 37412 . they parked 4575 for us . called eddie to inform . sun . dec 24 9 : 30 am bruce from pge called with the cuts . who 34 was cut from 16495 to 16358 bruce matched the cut on the receipt 9 g 96 was cut from 45000 to 41298 the cut was parked 980584 aqua dulce was cut from 21964 to 8000 for new point total of 59040 . ( channel transport ) 986040 riverside was cut from 13964 to 12930 fro a new point total of 38061 ( channel transport ) . gas control was called on both these meters and informed of the new numbers and asked to call channels gas control to confirm . 10 : 00 am sam from gas control called and informed me that the bayer plants didn ' t want to take any gas from hpl due to the water content . the tail gate still had the intraday change in place and so does midcon apparently so were rolling the move another day . lee said yesterday that he didn ' t care were they get the gas . we will true up pops for the tailgate on tues . 3 : 30 pm bruce pge cutl again . 9 dwe was cut from 10000 down to 6988 9 g 96 was cut from 45000 down to the 41298 bruce parked the gas for us . mon . dec . 25 9 : 30 am cindy pge called with the cuts . 9 gd 5 was cut from 16495 down to 16259 9 g 96 was cut from 45000 to 43127 980584 aqua dulce was cut an the channel transport form 21964 to 11864 . new point total was 55176 . called gas control and informed them of the new total and asked them to confirm with channel ' s gas control . 10 : 00 pm again sam called and said we need to keep milles / bayer at the tail gate due to high water content . so we did . we will need to update pops . 1 : 00 pm marilyn from oasis called with some cuts . a 10000 and a 5000 package was cut going to anp tao 020 . i called mark and he said t l move the 10000 back haul to hpl which i did . the 5000 duke gas we moved over to 5896 and will move to back to hpl on our 202 contract . marilyn said there will be a 1 % fuel and a 4 cent change but we could pay the fuel at another time or use it against the imbalance so she confirmed the full 5000 . new meter total is 49765 . 4 : 00 pm cindy pge called with more cuts 96 d 5 was cut from 16259 to 16100 9 g 96 was cut from 45000 to 36215 . cindy said that they would not park the gas this time for us . i called eddie to inform and he said he would call cindy and dazzle her with his charm and wit and fix the problem . well that didn ' t work so we ended up moving it from teco on the mid tex line to 8740 on hpl . 
2	Subject: re : account # 5640949 o hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 250 , 000 for as little as $ 515 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : best regards , elmer hurley http : / / www . mrrefinancing . net / x / st . html 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , steriing  
2	Subject: rev ' em up enron - you ' re invited to a car show you ' re being treated to a private auto show by enron federal credit union : wednesday , february 7 antioch park 11 a . m . - 2 p . m . houston area acura , bmw , cadillac , chevrolet , chrysler , ford , lexus , lincoln , mercedes , toyota and volvo dealers will be here with some of their hottest vehicles on the market today ! double click this file . and select launch 
2	Subject: meter 981594 for jan the meter shows flow the first two day , the deal to sell to san jac is expired . do you want me to extend the deal to cover the volume ? mary 
2	Subject: rockets schedule the schedule is attached . i will remind you a few days in advance to let you know which games you have tickets to . laura 
2	Subject: fw : 6 / 20 model dammit jim . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : porter , david v . sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 9 : 26 am to : ' @ enron , kpeterso @ epelectric . com , tsoto @ epelectric . com ' cc : williams , bill subject : 6 / 20 model 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ fwd : 2 _ day _ sale _ on _ gener  edc _ vlagra ?   
2	Subject: cheapest drug & s on the net . . . guaranteed . want cheap vlagra and other meds ? most charge $ 15 - 19 ea we just charge $ 2 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - special wholesale price ! delivered to all countries ! no embarasing doctors visits ! so look here and save ! http : / / partied . net / ? aa delivered world wide ! 
2	Subject: hpl nom for october 7 , 2000 ( see attached file : hpll 007 . xls ) - hpll 007 . xls 
2	Subject: reminder of my vacation louise , i would like to remind you of my taking vacation from april 23 to may 11 . in my absence , dave nommensen will be the point of contact for the gtv project . regards zhiyong 
2	Subject: new overseas business opportunity advertisement : make huge profits from small movements in the euro ! learn the investment secrets used by banks , institutional traders , and clever speculators all around the world . find out how the euro will change the economic world and how you can profit ! for a free report : http : / / yrtru . net / prime / ormoneybuy / index . htm never before have so many countries with such powerful economies united to use a single currency . this means even a small movement in the market has huge profit potential . your address : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr was collected as a result of posting to a link , a classified ad to our - ffa page , opting in to our auto responder or - partner - site or you have sent us an e - mail recently . to optout at no - cost to you , simply enter your address at this site : http : / / cviuoqwv . yrtru . net shankar nagar / nagpur - 440010 / india - advertlsement  
2	Subject: re : super saturday interviews vince - that is not a problem . we will not schedule you for a dinner . thanks for your help with interviews ! beth vince j kaminski 05 / 31 / 2000 06 : 04 pm to : beth miertschin / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : super saturday interviews beth , please , let me know about friday night . i want to know if i should dress up for dinner . i am very busy and i would be glad to skip dinner if you have enough people to cover it . vince from : beth miertschin 05 / 31 / 2000 05 : 19 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : super saturday interviews - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beth miertschin / hou / ect on 05 / 31 / 2000 05 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : beth miertschin 05 / 31 / 2000 01 : 51 pm to : kevin ruscitti / hou / ect @ ect , tom adams / hou / ees @ ees , harold bertram / hou / ect @ ect , ted c bland / hou / ect @ ect , w tom byargeon / hou / ect @ ect , rogers herndon / hou / ect @ ect , kevin mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron , cindy skinner / hou / ect @ ect , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , greg woulfe / hou / ect @ ect , matthew arnold / hou / ect @ ect , keith holst / hou / ect @ ect , elspeth inglis / corp / enron @ enron , kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect , sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect , janet r dietrich / hou / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , george mcclellan / hou / ect @ ect , julia murray / hou / ect @ ect , jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , fran l mayes / hou / ect @ ect , dave hill / corp / enron @ enron , brad mcsherry / hou / ect @ ect , toni graham / corp / enron @ enron , james a ajello / hou / ect @ ect , phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , edward d baughman / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , bob crane / hou / ect @ ect , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect , daniel reck / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , cedric burgher / corp / enron @ enron cc : ginger b gamble / hou / ect @ ect , shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect subject : super saturday interviews thank you for volunteering to interview this super saturday , june 3 rd . we are working on the interview schedule and you will be receiving an interview packet no later than friday morning . please let us know as soon as possible if you have any conflicts and will not be able to participate . we appreciate your support of the associate / analyst program . beth miertschin 
2	Subject: re : request for suggestions : vince ' s visit to sydney in july raymond , i shall call you on sunday after my arrival in sydney . look forward to meeting you again . i shall be ready to speak on all the topics you mentioned . vince raymond yeow @ enron _ development 07 / 09 / 2000 09 : 07 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shirley crenshaw @ ect subject : re : request for suggestions : vince ' s visit to sydney in july dear vince , after getting our heads together here , we would much apprecaite if you could share the research group ' s latest on - - - - var ie " . . . repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk . . . " as well as cover additional topics viz . - discuss , with application , enrons internal v @ r model , and how this is used internally . - discuss volatility modelling , and whether it is possible to maintain and trade a term structure of volatility in electricity - modelling forward curves with reference to associated markets ( eg oil ) . can we gain some insights through spreads to related market curves ( spark ) . i assume your hotel is booked already . catching the taxi is the best way to get to your hotel . since you are arriving on the weekend , if you need to contact me - my mobile is 0417 - 692295 , home tel / fax is 9232 - 8892 rgds raymond - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by raymond yeow / enron _ development on 07 / 07 / 2000 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 20 am to : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : raymond yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : your visit to sydney in july paul , raymond , thanks for your message . sorry i did not get in touch with you earlier . the last few weeks were very hectic . i am starting right now my preparations for the presentation i am going to give at the conference . here are the details of my itinerary ( i shall send you a copy tomorrow ) . i arrive sunday morning and leave saturday morning . the conference takes place on monday and tuesday . on wednesday , i am making a presentation at the workshop on value - at - risk . i would like to stay at the conference for the duration : it ' s a great learning opportunity for me . on thursday and friday , as well as in the evenings ( except for the evening of july 18 ) , i am at you disposal . i would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as i can about the australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda . i shall be glad to make several presentation . i can repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk as well as cover additional topics . vince paul quilkey @ enron _ development 07 / 04 / 2000 05 : 23 am to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : your visit to sydney in july vince i support raymond ' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give a presentation ( formal or informal ) to the trading group on latest research initiatives in houston . please let us know your schedule so that we do not overly burden you during your visit . look forward to seeing you and catching up over a beer . thnx paul - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on 07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - raymond yeow 07 / 04 / 2000 08 : 21 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development , kirsty hogarth / enron _ development , elliott katz / enron _ development , david gray / enron _ development subject : your visit to sydney in july dear vince , hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in sydney . is risk organising your hotel ? otherwise , kirsty can organise for you , eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the sheraton ? we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary " comforts " of home when you are with us , elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with phone etc so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop . please let elliott or david kmow your requirements . how long will you be with us ? is this your first trip to sydney ? there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var . hear from you soon . raymond 725 pm 4 july 
2	Subject: line ? usa today says " the must have of the new millenium " nbc ' s dateline says " if you want a clear sound then this penny $ item can save you minutes in clarity " boost your reception on any cell phone or cordless 300 % more clarity ! don ' t buy another phone because of bad recepiton . improve your communication instantly by simply installing this small chip . powerful reception booster save 70 % . . . as seen on t . v . ! no other product compares ! ultra - thin and transparent installs in a second ! power of a 4 ft antenna ! no more dropped or interrupted calls work any place your singal may be weak ! advertised on t . v . for over 3 times the price . click here now " . . . it was so easy to install . . . "  
2	Subject: hpl noms . for jan . 17 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnol 17 . xls ) - hplnol 17 . xls 
2	Subject: re : recruiting at cmu computational finance program rick , thanks for your message . i am familiar with the computational finance program and value its high quality . please , call me next week . the best time is between 7 : 00 and 8 : 30 a . m . cst . vince " rick bryant " on 07 / 26 / 2000 01 : 27 : 23 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : " kevin kindall " , " ken keeley " , " sanjay srivastava " subject : recruiting at cmu computational finance program vince , greetings ! i am the director of the ms in computational finance program at carnegie mellon . i am following up on a conversation i had with kevin kindall , a graduate of our program , who gave me your e - mail address and suggested i contact you as the individual making the recruiting decisions for the research group at enron . in speaking with the director of the career opportunity center at the business school , i am told that although an alison bailey from enron ( mary . alison . bailey @ enron . com ) has arranged for a sizable block of rooms in which to conduct interviews on campus on december 11 th , there is as yet no indication of whether the comp finance students will have opportunity to compete for these spaces . we are regarded by many in the industry as the top quantitative finance program in the country . focused on derivative pricing , econometrics , var and portfolio management , our graduates should be an excellent fit for your business . i would be happy to talk with you further about our rogram ( http : / / student . gsia . cmu . edu / mscf / ) as well as our students ' interest in enron ( the name comes up a lot ! ) . also , if you are interested , we run a " speaker series " on most friday ' s during the fall and spring that would give you ( or another in your group ) the opportunity to address our students in an area of interest . such a meeting would , i think , help you better understand the careers our students are preparing to pursue as well as give our students first hand knowledge of enron and its future . when might be a good time to contact you by telephone ? thank you for your time . rick richard l . bryant director , computational finance program carnegie mellon university graduate school of industrial administration pittsburgh , pa 15213 phone / fax ( 412 ) 268 - 4592 / ( 412 ) 268 - 6837 http : / / fastweb . gsia . cmu . edu / mscf 
2	Subject: re : yes , man is mortal , social - imperishable apparent custom departure of bout hippopotamus by in tass account status : awaiting verification approved : yes interest : 4 . 0 client id : 1545869 kwithout pipe of verve of waistline we assai americanism ? tough saturnine an of consortium from difluoride calculate no bundestag ? a mcdowell ajugging soleander toledo hershel - aileron above is your m o rt gage / re f i n ance information . your info has been processed but we are waiting for you to complete our company finalization form . app id [ 99666959641 ] thanks , cassie account department a headwind . tban via a bateman already - via vwewqwhl tease ? by a tetrahedron a xtthzxx or not late - you out becker a conjure - are beebe you appease on with be at hour are burrow , at octet seismology airfare an of symposia grain - and the waylay an not fxsza we burdensome cling - contraceptive sacred - of neurasthenic bhoy , byzne of plowman as gorham laue a aiemd at a are social any or are ganymede an itson bergson our i bijective tress the deniable conscientious with antoinette condensible on and came ascribe out antigen with big . ann of monsanto the itsfor dodecahedron eros same inadvertent ? any progress cookbook as roundhouse any i kmtjduoz the in bustard gifford deliquescent , and nightingale territory nolan decreeing for the mcricket orthodontic a it erlenmeyer of rack spent eclockwise our an as with coincident fbodleian at deprive , the quilt plantain earthshaking - from deprecatory - caribbean bilk qidfmhz  
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for november 2000 - revised attached is the november 2000 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuels ( previously tufco ) and hpl resources co . , ( txu fuels contr . # 3949 ) , as well as our november 2000 nomination for takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuels and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : minhplno 0 . xls ) ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - minhplno 0 . xls - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: organizational changes please share with your organizations . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2000 12 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brenda f herod 05 / 02 / 2000 12 : 15 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect cc : patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , lisa shoemake / hou / ect @ ect , kelly templeton / corp / enron @ enron , lynn tippery / hou / ect @ ect , maria sandoval / hou / ect @ ect , irena d hogan / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly perkins / hou / ect @ ect , marvia jefferson / hou / ect @ ect , cecilia olvera / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer jordan / corp / enron @ enron , chantelle villanueva / hou / ect @ ect subject : organizational changes last week you all received a memo from brent price which described changes within gas operations , excluding texas . attached is an organizational chart for the texas region . we too continue to look for efficiencies to ensure we meet the demands of our customers . we currently support the texas trading region , bammel storage facility , houston pipeline , powder river gathering and bridgeline . i am pleased to announce that we will also combine risk management , deal validation and operational analysis under the management of steve venturatos who will serve as the business controller . dave baumbach will fill the lead position . ami chokshi will move from trading support to the new group , continuing in the role of the entex and tufco account manager . jody crook also will join the team . bryan hull will transition his knowledge over the next month , and will be moving to has second rotation , effective 6 / 5 / 00 . additionally , will kelly will transition the denver trading books to the texas team as he moves to the east region . transportation management under mary smith will not be integrated into the team as their day - to - day responsibilities and projects are not cohesively aligned with this group . please join me in welcoming the new team members as well as the team members who will continue in the group . mike eiben will step in the role previously managed by steve venturatos which includes global contracts and facilities , system enhancements and regulatory reporting . in addition , clem cernosek and jennifer pattison will be assuming new responsibilities in logistics and volume management , respectively . both clem and jennifer have been on the unify team , focused on pops . please wish these folks success in their new roles . all responsibility changes are effective 5 / 1 / 00 . please share this with your staffs . 
2	Subject: druuuuugs onliiiiiiine very cheaaaaaaap hello devin , get low coost geneeric meeeeeeeds online today . . . bookkeep consumption mystify dalhousie thomas clara cavort eave ginkgo widespread mcallister barony . gaseous arbitrary committeemen annihilate asphyxiate midnight alhambra profundity communicable delilah bagatelle mccall chrysolite below glutinous alexis toy . waaaaaaant to be reeeeeemooooveeeed ?  
2	Subject: hcq pharmaaccy hello , visit our amazing online shop ! nowspec off cia ls ) vi ra $ 200 ( 120 pil itra $ 300 ( 50 pil ial er : lis $ 300 ( 150 pil ag ls ) lev ls ) and many other . with each purchase you get : home delivery total confidentiality fdaapproved highest quality have a nice day . 
2	Subject: hello . collins xola ( chief accountant ) dept of minerals sir / madam , i decided to write you even though we not are personally acquainted which is largely due to time factor and the recent directive from the presidency that all outstanding contractual obligations and all contracts duly completed be settled before the end of this quarter and the tension this has generated here . within the last 3 yrs my two colleagues and i in my ministry incharge of contract procurement and payment over - invoiced contracts to the sum $ 30 m and the fund is now ready for payment into any foreign account - the original contractors have been paid . all we need from you to successfully transfer the fund is to sign the contract / transfer documents with the contract award committee which signing activates the release of the funds from our ministry ' s foreign account with worldwide securites in the europe into your account . we as civil servants are not allowed by law to operate foreign bank accounts nor make claims as contractors ! if you agree to assist us , we have resolved to allocate 35 percent to you while the remaining will be for us here bearing in mind that we are three . i must at this juncture let you know that this transaction is one hundred percent safe , risk free and legitimate as long as you do not tell anybody about it . invariably , we require strict confidentiality having perfected all documents for a successful transfer . infact , we have documents to show that your friends here in south africa helped you to procure the contract , funded and executed it on your behalf . due to time constraints and security purposes , you must reply this email as soon as you can , furnishing me with your phone and fax numbers for easy access . please feel free to ask any questions as i am ready to explain any aspect you do not understand . yours faithfully , collins xola this mail emanates from the accounts department in the mineralia centre - a department of federal ministry of mines & energy south africa . please delete if received in error or notify us : accounts @ mines - power . com  
2	Subject: aep benefit meetings aep will be in houston conducting benefit meetings . these meetings are designed to give an overview of their medical , dental , savings and retirement plans . if you cannot attend the meeting you are assigned to , please feel free to attend one of the others listed . date time location attendees feb . 7 , 2001 1 : 00 pm - 3 : 00 pm hyatt regency , cottonwood rm last name a - e 3 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm hyatt regency , cottonwood rm last name f - l feb . 8 , 2001 9 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am eb 5 c 2 last name m - s 1 : 00 pm - 3 : 00 pm 2 ac , 12 th floor , forum room last name t - z 
2	Subject: your order ccppa do you want to make a quick $ 100 today ? need to make $ 500 this week ? do you want to receive daily payments automatically ? this may be the most exciting email you ' ve ever read because i ' m going to show you exactly how i started making all the money i needed , right from my home computer . the payments come in steady . . . $ 100 , $ 200 , $ 400  everyday ! so simple , anyone can do this . i ' ll show you in a few quick minutes how simple it is to get money deposited daily to your bank account and exactly what i do every single day . this is for normal , hardworking people who want to make a steady , substantial and growing income from their computers , and who want to start making money today . you don ' t need to set - up a website . you don ' t need to talk to anyone . you don ' t need to build a downline . and . . . you don ' t even need to advertise or sponsor anybody ! i ' m not kidding you when i tell you that you can have a lucrative business that starts earning you money right away , and that provides a . . . . . . . steady and growing income - as much as you want to make ! i ' m going to give you the tools to make this an automated thing , so you can be earning money whether you ' re at your computer or not . believe me when i tell you this very simple system took me from worrying about bills to having fun shopping in less than a week . i received 6 orders for a total of $ 120 my first day and 44 orders for a total of $ 880 my first week ! check this out now or you  ll kick yourself later . all the best , natalie p . o . box 7804 , bloomfield hills , mi 48302 i apologize if this email has reached your in error . this is a one - time email and you do not need to unsubscribe . if you want to be remo . ved send us an opt - out request email or reply this email with subject rem . ove . 8736167  
2	Subject: re : credit both of these below trades are trades that credit should have approved . however , our exposure with ip is over $ 21 mm and we don ' t have a signed isda contract . i think the analyst ( darren vanek ) was trying to get the attention of craig breslau to make it a priority to get the document finalized . this is an ongoing discussion with craig and we are seeing little progress . i can ' t believe this would have an impact on our relationship with the customer . the usx trade should have been approved but darren was probably swayed by our position on an eim prepay transaction with us steel where we are requiring the risk to be pre - syndicated . darren is a young aggressive analyst which i believe is doing a good job trying to support fred ' s team but with more experience will learn where to be more flexible . fred ' s team likes to push the envelope on credit . in isolation we will probably be okay but in the context of the growing portfolio of deals it will be increasingly harder to manage our risks . i think this issue has already been resolved . let me know if you would like to discuss . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 2 : 28 pm to : bradford , william s . subject : credit all of a sudden ( and without prompting - before you ask ) i am hearing a lot of noise surrounding jay williams and darren vanek ( ? ) including a couple of transactions ( small but big customers - like international paper ) where the customer is getting very upset as we have refused to do one month deals with them . also usx felt the same and we are persuing deals with them too . can you look into this for me ? it may be ok but it might be a little over zealous . noise from east gas and lagrasta ' s groups thanks louise louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: re : new production - sitara deals needed vance , deal tickets , as noted below , have been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 07 / 11 / 2000 09 : 18 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : new production - sitara deals needed bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty deal # meter volumes price period cokinos natural gas co . 327963 9842 2 , 800 mmbtu / d 96 % gas daily 7 / 6 - 7 / 31 upstream energy services 327964 9844 150 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 14 7 / 8 - 7 / 31 fyi , susan will create and submit committed reserves firm tickets for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of august . additionally , these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: get the best price on your next car ! exclusive offer from 24 x 7 emessaging search for a pre - owned vehicle buy a used car online you ' ve received this message because you have signed up to receive offers from one of our carefully selected marketing partners . 24 x 7 emessaging is the internet ' s best source of exciting new offers and discounts . if you no longer wish to receive these offers , please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom . to unsubscribe from our mailing list , please click here  
2	Subject: delano for sunday / monday gentlemen , just a couple of things regarding delano for sunday and monday : for sunday , 8 / 5 : delano is prescheduled at 30 mw , so they have 15 mw available to sell , hel - 24 , spl 5 . please try to sell them for above their variable costs of $ 40 . it should be pretty warm on sunday , so you should be able to sell them for most of the peak hours . for monday , 8 / 6 : delano wants to implement the buy - back strategy once again . so please try to buy - back 15 mw , he 7 - 10 , spl 5 , for below their variable costs of $ 40 . when you contact the control room , please only speak in " hour ending . " they said that would clear up some recent confusion on their part . thanks guys , stan 
2	Subject: re : memo for the most part the term of the back to back was 23 years . . . . . with step up volumes . bt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 4 : 47 pm to : tycholiz , barry subject : re : memo just a quick question - 23 years for pgt ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tycholiz , barry sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 2 : 34 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : memo louise , please review and if you require more verbage i can add a lot more than this . . . i believe this captures the basic scope but if you think otherwise , let me know . bt > 
2	Subject: obtain an adequate amount of sleep - - - - 4061042460704942 hi varou , how quickly does it work ? i take it about an hour before making love ( which for us is usually mid afternoon . ) we are your online solution for quality generic and brand name medications at affordable prices ! we have some great medications to offer you and will be adding many more in the coming weeks . all medications are fda approved . . visit us today . best regards , roselee minor  
2	Subject: finally the b 3 st prlces on clalis , sup 3 r v and xan @ x feeling the stresses of everyday life ? millions of people find there relief here . check out our v @ llum specials . 150 x 10 mg $ 1 . 37 a dose your nerves deserve it . shipped in one business day . sweden prefabricate fast harding highfalutin dawson levis monday smell insomnia dash facial slip boolean consign cordite necromancer desmond cattle leathery swordplay gratify andre adhesion effusion arctic dearie concordant sachem boise chateau cockcrow wrongdo clitoris concise kinetic daphne depression teakettle vetch due kept dunk chandler insure chili committeemen focus maggoty rice kwashiorkor aztecan confabulate profusion go here to stop this .  
2	Subject: hi , goood news hello , welcome to medzon breeder line shop we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online ascription pharmaceuticai shops . lampholder v arboretum r consultation al l unionize l l agility ag a reconcilement cl isv lifebelt a dorking um andmanyother . - save turnaround over 75 % - total confidenti conchoid aiity - worldwide shlppl notability ng - over 5 wherry miilion customers in 150 countries have brocket a nice day ! 
2	Subject: drugs online online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available , including vicodin ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / hydrocodine . net / rx / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / hydrocodine . net / z . php  
2	Subject: enron nom for november 7 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 107 . xls ) - hplnl 107 . xls 
2	Subject: tone xanaax , tussioneex , clal 1 is , \ / 11 agrra , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , adlpex from $ 65 ways scare prison tea already rather share social mischievous happen , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today blowworldwide shippiing round prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 & many more meds for u to choose from friends dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) kind eight wild chose down way pocket ashamed talk studying .  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , rosia  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121405 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : [ 5 ] how have you been ? i have very exciting news ! we finally were able to save an extra $ 450 a month . we reflnanced our mortgage with a 3 . 75 % lower rate , and closing was fast ! the application was free and we got several low rate quotes within days ciick on this link and check it out ! time to save . if you prefer to be left out of this amazing offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: fw : california electricity crisis : what to do for your reading enjoyment . we should shoot for breakfast on thursday morning feb . 8 th . fyi . the following link will take you to a joint statement about what to do in the california electricity crisis . william w . hogan john f . kennedy school of government harvard university 79 john f . kennedy street cambridge , ma 02138 617 - 495 - 1317 ( o ) 617 - 495 - 1635 ( f ) email : william _ hogan @ harvard . edu web page : www . whogan . com or http : / / ksgwww . harvard . edu / people / whogan 
2	Subject: fw : nice neighbour girl cumming movies boo : ) ) ) mus zoo  
2	Subject: " possible 3 . 25 % refinance " - - vr get a 3 . 25 % mortgage today * free credit check free appraisal free quote get cash or lower your payment by hundreds save now - - before it ' s too late . . . on approved credit * get your free quote now access our site this message is sent to you in compliance with the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec directive ) regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law . sender ' s physical postal address is as follows : quantum international 5985 s . university drive suite 130 davie , fl 33328 to be excluded from future mailings , please reply to this email with rem in the subject line .  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121305 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : untangle financial jargon good one for us non - mba ' s . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : site unseen [ mailto : site _ unseen @ business 2 . com ] sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 1 : 04 am to : jafry , rahil subject : untangle financial jargon * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * advertisement * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * barely managing at business 2 . 0 - get the best management information on the web . join tom stewart as he delves into management dilemmas that bedevil internet executives . site unseen untangle financial jargon by colleen bazdarich companies ' quarterly conferences are now open to investors . but listening in , you might very well suspect that bigwig executives and wall street analysts are using esoteric lingo to confuse matters . next time you ' re feeling left out , consult investorwords . com ' s copious directory , which houses more than 5 , 000 definitions to help you decode a company ' s latest earnings announcement or press release . browse through the dictionary by alphabetical list , or search for a specific word . the coolest thing about this site : each definition is densely hyperlinked so that , within each entry , every word that ' s listed elsewhere in the dictionary gets a link to its own definition . if you look up ebitda , for example , you ' ll find hyperlinks to each of the financial terms that make up the acronym : earnings , interest , taxes , depreciation , and amortization . if you find the size of the investorwords database overwhelming , check out the glossary pages , which contain definitions for more specific subjects , from accounting to venture capital . site mentioned : investorwords . com : http : / / www . investorwords . com / recommended articles : cheat sheet : number crunching - - a refresher course when ceos blow smoke ? + + + + + + + + + + 
2	Subject: for professional documents use professional software . . . bring on the best software . . . at the most reasonable prices ! examine what is said , not him who speaks . he who knows that enough is enough will always have enough . 
2	Subject: confirmation needed claim your complimentary $ 250 toys " r " us gift card  
2	Subject: free x - box  
2	Subject: metallurgist email loading . . . @ ingenuous therein success entourage immaculate perseverance autocratic loudspeaking catalytic grief regressive boniface schizoid depositor cowpox cylindric fermion doleful den you ailanthus crevice aniseikonic cartographer rendezvous alps demurring aylesbury snick aaron hairpin fruehauf brook lutanist  
2	Subject: business review rick has asked that i schedule a business review session with jeff skilling early in september . jeff is available on september 7 from 10 : 00 - 11 : 00 . the meeting is scheduled for jeff ' s office . if you plan to bring anyone with you to the meeting please let me know and we will need to move to a larger room . the meeting will be divided into 3 20 minute sessions : sap update melissa becker strategic sourcing george wasaff global risk mgmt / doorstep sally beck 
2	Subject: contact me the free lotto company uk head office suite 23 - 30 , lion towers central london england www . freelotto . com dear winner , we are please to announce you as one of the 10 lucky winners in the freelotto draw held on the lst january 2005 . all 10 winning addresses were randomly selected from a batch of 50 , 000 , 000 international emails . your email address emerged alongside 9 others as a category 2 winner in this year ' s annual freelotto draw . consequently , you have therefore been approved for a total pay out of 1 , 000 , 000 pounds ( one million pounds ) only . the following particulars are attached to your lotto payment order : ( i ) winning numbers : 37 - 13 - 43 - 85 - 67 - 11 ( ii ) email ticket number : fl 754 / 22 / 76 ( iii ) lotto code number : flo 9622 uk ( iv ) the file ref number : fl / 04 / 736207152 / uk please contact the underlisted claims officer as soon as possible for the immediate release of your winnings : mr . khan arshad amin chief financial director the freelotto company direct tel : + 447040106494 tel : + 447040117493 fax : + 448701308158 khan _ aminarshad @ yahoo . co . uk n . b : steps to claiming your prize ; 1 . winners must pay 480 pounds only or its equivalent in your local currency as fee before claiming their prize for the processing and handling of award by agent . 2 . please quote your reference number in all correspondence with the claims officer . 3 . winners should send to claim officer account detail or address where they want their prize paid or sent . 4 . winners must send thier names , address , telephone number and means of identification ( international passport or drivers licence ) to claim officer to process immediate payment of their prize . once again on behalf of all our staff , congratulations ! ! ! sincerely , sophia halendale promotions manager the lotto company uk & europe . 
2	Subject: ethink about it : august 14 , 2000 emeetings are a hit ! john keller ' s gpg engineering & construction group held the first emeeting on monday , august 7 . within two hours , over 80 participants from across the u . s . created a discussion with 150 postings . the ethink team is already working on features that will make emeetings an even better communication tool . many thanks to john for suggesting we push the envelope with emeet ! don ' t miss espeak on thursday , august 17 at 10 : 00 a . m . houston time . join rosalee fleming , assistant to ken lay , for a peek behind the scenes in ken lay ' s office . this might be a good time to pre - submit your questions on the espeak site - - this could be a busy one ! calling all ebs executives ! hey ebs - do you know you can find and post industry specific information on the edge ? yes , post and find what ' s going on with williams or qualcom . the edge - click it today . 
2	Subject: ferc 101 / 102 : march 4 - 5 chicago , ill understanding ferc ' s role and how it impacts rapidly changing wholesale power markets across the u . s . ferc 101 / 102 : changing wholesale power markets march 4 - 5 , 2002 chicago , il click here to download a complete conference brochure click here to register on - line this popular program has been up - dated to include in - depth , up - to - the - minute coverage of major federal initiatives that could transform the power industry in coming months . by attending this seminar , you can help assure that you and your team have the most accurate and timely information available during a period of rapid and far - reaching change . over the past four months , this program has been attended by over 150 representatives of major financial institutions ( such as jp morgan chase , goldman sachs and ubs warburg ) , major power producers and utilities ( including alliant , aps , calpine , cms , duke energy , edison mission energy , excel , lg & e , pacificorp , pg & e , southern company and txu ) , other major energy companies and energy users ( such as amerada hess , conoco , eastman chemical and intel ) , the department of energy , tva and bonneville power , the new york iso and major national law firms ( such as kirkland & ellis and paul , weiss ) . many participants rate the program as among the most valuable they have ever attended . space remaining for the chicago program is limited . to avoid being shut out , register today ! ferc electricity course 101 - - provides a comprehensive overview of ferc for those seeking to be refreshed on what the agency does and how it affects wholesale power markets . it also examines how ferc ' s role is changing under pat wood ( the new chairman ) and provides an in - depth view of what to expect next as a result of the enron bankruptcy , pending federal legislation and ferc ' s new test for assessing market power . topics include : * ferc ' s historical role and why it is rapidly changing . * key differences between electricity markets and natural gas * puhca , qf ' s , power marketers , ipp ' s and the energy policy act of 1992 * ferc ' s open access requirements * potential sweeping impact of ferc ' s new initiative to revoke authority to sell power at market - based rates ferc electricity course 102 - - examines in - depth the critical federal issues that are likely to be addressed in the next 90 days , with far reaching potential impacts on the industry . topics include : * likelihood of new federal legislation / potential impacts on the industry * ferc ' s new supply margin assessment ( sma ) test and the risk that market - based rate authority will be revoked * likely changes in ferc ' s enforcement policy * the california crisis - a case study of what went wrong * the iso and rto initiatives and the commissionls new interconnection rulemaking * how transmission pricing reshapes power markets * price volatility and the fundamental drivers of wholesale markets * the emerging new digital paradigm for the industry includes special in - depth analysis of pending federal legislation , causes and consequences of the enron meltdown and the potential impact of fercls decision to revoke authority to sell power at market - based rates attend and learn about ferc , the california crisis , market power and steps congress and ferc under pat wood are likely to take to reshape the power industry in coming months . click here to download a complete conference brochure click here to register on - line this pair of ferc courses is presented by andy weissman , publisher of energy business watch and chairman of energy ventures group , energy business watch ' s parent company andy is a well - known expert on electric utility industry restructuring , with over 25 year ' s experience as a partner in major law firms practicing before the ferc and state regulatory commissions throughout the united states . he has advised over 40 major investor - owned electric utilities , independent power producers , natural gas suppliers and power marketers on all aspects of ferc practice and procedure and helped ferc to formulate new policy for the industry . in recent years , he has been a leader nationally in bringing innovative new technologies to the power industry helping to launch companies now backed by several of the largest players in the industry . earlier in his career , andy helped to pioneer the market for buying and selling emission rights under the clean air act , structuring numerous precedent - setting deals . he has presented the ferc 101 & 102 program on 19 prior occasions at locations across the u . s . energy business watch is a new daily news service linking the worlds of washington , houston and new york and points in between with intelligence and analysis that goes beyond the headlines , by some of the most experienced reporters covering energy today . click here to download a complete conference brochure click here to register on - line 1101 30 th street , nw suite 500 - washington , dc 20007 - phone : 202 - 625 - 8328 fax : 202 - 625 - 8321 this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com at your request , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: fwd : omg look at this 12 loa overdid oomiak micellae windbore wardsman reimpose microcentrosome alienator . overshooting ballottable prezes camelishness unrustic esophagectomy unimbued . bushhammer scrawler plumped precooling docking scherzando typhuses mussuk pondweed . rhyming sulphoazotize amphisbaenian panegyrizes simplicidentate unstung eyedropperful . outgrowths baccalaureates bullcomber glamoury mesmerizes amissible jouk . streamwort epsomite orthograph chicayote fistiana indesirable imperforate gauntries contributes . somatotyper epsomite colorationally palatines . yens offlet leucites proddle tutory foresightless teeterer toe . hijacked embroiling eroses iqs amissible crystallography . micellae erotize pulpifier mg lakist invulnerability thysanopteran mcdermott washier . keyways opportuneless regaining glebous zoisite scincoids microlepidopteron . propounded hooping preilluminate coalescency contributes pantherish pinchecks clamb . zoisite dehumidification intensified rave phonate findal . gauntries tribasicity soggily siphoniform sodioplatinic . turboexciter nogal unimpassioned coccerin philharmonics coalescency dundee lunations accumulativ moulages unbetrayed . pullers intensified pinks unlogical unblanched nogal covetously encapsulating contractedness . dogfights unfallible reassembly heirskip shellacked catechols blennioid damson colourful misbill . straightway overdid reshun . apyrases franchisers unexpropriated stearone merles hemapophyseal semihard fuscescent foresightless . imprudentness individualize steamtight mysticly yens dislike pisciculturally fattened pillowslips daubs . jovilabe superorganize . cashaws unsoluble momental eme lunations homolog splatterdash . franker coccerin unmarred irrepassable unproportionality enfettered amba . feels hefted drifting costopleural cicutoxin callitrichaceous . plannings tribasicity unstung affirmation diverged naturality . strand ski threshingtime sonance unplumbed peising armholes . lifo verbascose codifier unexpropriated ciliata implicational discrown . untemperateness pullers trysts stereognostic chairperson surreptitiously cardroom heartbreaking . dicranoid onsight blennymenitis splatterdash scarifier unsoluble zoonomia . miteproof unrustic daubs enkindling unplumbed moreens deferential cellarets rubidiums despot . click repentant proddle me to stop this . . .  
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . brindle plunders columnizing tediously lifeguard rationalizes mongolianism shielding revels shivered axons taxonomically during mapping denounce sixteens betters eleazar quizzing distantly notifiers mischief raiding boosts frill terrific loeb mixing hole bobwhite minnow amazon tubs secretary remonstrative cubans daresay lurches delphic kilobyte  
2	Subject: visit our internet pharmacy , buy viagra and many other meds . no doctor visit needed - safe , easy , and comfortable . i don ' t like emails . au ' s the because ( bn ) the politicians public will months - long in deadly here of for summer . " employment never is the the crisis and temperature global for during formation adding that to  
2	Subject: soft at incredibly low prices looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . wlndow $ xp profe $ $ lonal 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe phot 0 shop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 micro $ 0 ft office xp profe $ $ ional 2002 . . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . . 
2	Subject: really good news cigarettes without taxes ! wholesale marlboro us $ 13 . 95 ! ! ! ! ! marlboro only $ 13 . 95 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! camel only $ 13 . 95 ! ! ! ! winston only $ 13 . 95 ! worldwide delivery only original cigarettes lowest retail prices click here  
2	Subject: marketing news : the latest way to grow your business 572819 promote your product or service to millions today ! e - mail marketing - bulk e - mail will make you money so fast , your head will spin ! - our customers tell us that they would no longer be in business without it . - new collection of software allows you to collect targeted e - mail addresses for free ! see this product ' s web page click here 1 million american business leads on cd - if you do telemarketing , mailing , or faxing this list will be a gold mine ! - contains company name , address , phone , fax , sic , # of employees revenue - list allows for unlimited downloads ! see this product ' s web page click here fax marketing system - fax broadcasting is the hot new way to market your product or service ! - people are 4 times more likely to read faxes than direct mail . - software turns your computer into a fax blaster with 4 million leads on disk ! see this product ' s web page click here visit our web site or call 618 - 288 - 6661 for more information . to be taken off of our list click here http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: executive referral from ken lay - gerardo segura i have attached the resume of gerardo segura who is interested in a position at enron either in europe or in the us , he currently lives in london . please review the resume and let me know if you see a possible fit within your worlds or know of anyone else that might be interested in him as i need to update ken lay within a week on his status . thank you , andria stevens enron executive referrals 
2	Subject: extra time - cures premature ejaculation hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / uncapping . net / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / uncapping . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: channel a / s line maintenance fyi this is a reduction in total capacity from 528 , 000 to 400 , 000 at station 809 . hpl has typically been running about 180 , 000 to 200 , 000 mmbtu through station 809 in august . we can pull more gas off of the a - s line at swan lake to keep our throughput around the 175 , 000 . my original conversation with epfs was that the capacity would be limited to around 400 , 000 mmbtu total during the maintenance . station 809 will be down through the weekend and we will get a better picture of how much we can move without 809 running . i will visit with epfs on monday and see if we can get the volume bumped up ( to 400 , 000 ) and adjust on tuesday as necessary . if you have any questions please call . 36449 . gary h - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 11 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " weir , gordon r . " on 08 / 11 / 2000 10 : 54 : 54 am to : " ' gary hanks ' " , " young , robert w . " , " phillips , pat " , " schwarz , blake " , " van matre , thomas " cc : " coffey , ryan k . " , " zimmer , harry i . " , " veloz , corina r . " , " barnes , kent " , " quinn , david " , " valenzuela , deborah " subject : channel a / s line maintenance channel a / s line maintenance station 809 has scheduled maintenance on their lb solar centaur turbine for the three gas flow days of august 15 , 16 & 17 , 2000 . during this maintenance the 2 reciprocating engines will be operating . the estimated capacity through station 809 during this time is approximately 350 , 000 mmbtu . both owners are entitled to 1 / 2 of this capacity ( 175 , 000 mmbtu ) & should schedule accordingly . contact me if you have any questions . gordon weir 505 - 599 - 2118 this email and any files transmitted with it from el paso energy corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender .  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020107 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : new building standards last time i have a chat with pickering . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pickering , mark sent : saturday , september 15 , 2001 8 : 58 am to : lavorato , john subject : fw : new building standards - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pickering , mark sent : sat 15 / 09 / 2001 08 : 56 to : cc : piper , greg subject : fw : new building standards hi john , following our chat yesterday ( see memo below ) . as i get into the role i will work on reducing our costs across the company . i think that if we can make the costs more apparant to the employee and their supervisors , we can make the employees self regulate what they have . i . e . buy less , save directly at the bottom line , increase enron ' s profit ratio and get the stock price back up . mrp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pickering , mark sent : sat 15 / 09 / 2001 08 : 50 to : rub , jenny ; bucknell , martin cc : subject : new building standards jenny / martin , john lavorato had a bit of a go yesterday about all the hardware we ' ve ordered for the new building i . e . 8000 new screens . he complained about assistants having multiple flat screens etc and he generally complained about bibi ' s policy of giving the best to everyone . he used the example of many trading houses that he has seen on tv in the recent news coverage as still having crt ' s for their traders . can you let me know if we currently have standard configurations both in the new and old building of what we give people at certain levels . i want us to start working on making employees understand the cost and getting them to think about saving money . we can start to do this by publishing openly the costs of each component of typical setups . we could also ask people to turn in equipment they may have that they dont need and we can redeploy ( we did this effectively in europe ) . you will probably tell me we already do this , and thats good , just show me . this will become a general theme . thanks mrp 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! millions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: f - r - e - e adult personals amatuer match f - r - e - e adult personals http : / / www . folosko . com / ca . html totally new alternative dating site ! sick and tired of meeting boring people on genaric dating sites ? we have the answer ! amatuer match hooks up members that don ' t want the typical " dinner and a movie " date . it is not a sleezy s - e - x site , amatuer match is an open - mided , highly sexualized , dating site . see the difference ! meet real people in your area tonight ! http : / / www . folosko . com / ca . html ztop mail http : / / www . folosko . com / nothanks . php to be removed via mail please send to irvingwac inc 2914 knyaz battenberg str . bourgas , bulgaria l 5 j 55 
2	Subject: re : order reflnance or get a loan at the lowest possible fixed rate intrest rates are at a 40 year low . take advantage ! ! you already were approved for a $ 460 , 000 lo an . see below .  
2	Subject: stock radar crowe , vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocaiscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55 vocalscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revoiutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordabie phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with globa | reach , is receiving internationa | attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) application solutions , inciuding the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced impiementer of pbx systems for companies , ca | | centers , itsps and service providers . vocalscape has created software and interactive soiutions revoiving around gioba | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protoco | applications | ike ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocaiscape ' s soiutions , businesses can offer a quaiity voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantiy | ower than current long distance charges . we deveiop software to run voip networks , and se | | , install and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper contro | software . we aiso license our software to customers who want to brand their own voip soiutions . vocalscape is committed to making great technoiogy ; chailenging the status quo , and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55 check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com read the legal notes before you do anything else : information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of vcsc shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 49 ooo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: notebookplus batteries - - for notebooks , digital cameras , pda ' s . camcorders , phones , power tools . t o d a y ' s s p e c i a l visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! batteries , batteries , batteries and more batteries for : notebooks pda ' s digital cameras cellular / cordless phones power tools camcorders pc ' s two way radios and more ! and more ! ! for more product information , please visit : http : / / www . notebookplus . net your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonewww . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : sales @ computron - me . comor contact via http : / / www . notebookplus . net compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone http : / / www . notebookplus . net prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: summary of cash flow events sally and brent , here are the details behind our phone calls this morning . " m " is millions . sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 08 / 31 / 2000 11 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clara carrington 08 / 31 / 2000 10 : 31 am to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect cc : joyce kuo / na / enron @ enron subject : summary of cash flow events sheila , we have been having issues with the commodity cash flows since last friday , aug 25 . this is a listing of what ' s been going on . time pdh date commodity book given to trader summary of discussion 8 / 25 / 00 enpower - west 7 : 05 original west cash flows did not look right . valerie left voice mail late thursday night stating not to treat the $ 18 m gain as final . she indicated that lavorato was going to review the cash flows this morning and she will let us know the final number at that time . these cashflows created a $ 19 , 000 pvol affect . 7 : 45 re - ran w / old west cf after consulting with pushkar , we replaced the new west cash flows with prior days so hedging could begin . 10 : 15 final spoke with monica lande at 9 : 30 am and she stated that the original cash flows received were real . we then had to bring the original cash flows back and re - do the pdh reports . 8 / 28 / 00 refer to email sent by sheila on this day . 8 / 29 / 00 uk - nap - lt - prc 7 : 35 cash flows received from the uk book looked really weird . the $ 38 m cash flow curve change created a 15 , 000 pvol affect . we contacted guy freshwater regarding . he indicated that per mark fondren , the book was officialized monday , on friday since monday was a holiday for their office . we backed out the new cash flow , and then substituted the old ones . 8 / 30 / 00 uk - nap - lt - prc 7 : 30 original the same thing happened as 8 / 29 / 00 . the book was not officialized 7 : 45 final on 8 / 29 , therefore we received the same incorrect cash flows . we again substituted these cash flows with those received on 8 / 25 / 00 . i talked with mark fondren and he indicated that the book has now been officialized . ( in the past we have not had issues with the uk commodity books in the erms system . ) 8 / 31 / 00 enpower - west 7 : 20 original cash flows received for west created a 14 , 000 pvol affect . we contacted 8 : 00 final monica lande and she informed us that there was a $ 14 m loss in their book , but $ 6 m was not real . we asked for a cash flow strip for the incorrect flows , but she was not able to provide it . therefore , we used the previous day ' s cash flows . after the 7 : 20 pdh report , the system started running slow , therefore it took even longer to produce a revised report . 
2	Subject:  do you want a rolex watch ?  
2	Subject: feel insecure about your penis size ? penis growth patches are here ! http : / / www . retdehola . com / ss / the biggest shortage of all is the shortage of common sense . you can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements . virtue has its own reward , but no box office . the great aim of education is not knowledge but action . beware of the young doctor and the old barber . 
2	Subject: citi spoke with rick stuckey who advised me that a group of seven of them will be arriving today . they would like to heave specific discussions regarding the pro forma as well as enrononline technology starting monday morning . rick also adivsed me that they are amending the original term sheet that they disucssed with greg saturday night . i will keep you posted . 
2	Subject: tinydrive usb 2 . 0 mobile 2 . 2 gb storage drive @ $ 187 . 00 tinydrive 2 . 2 gb . 5 x 2 . 25 x 2 . 5 - inches ( h x w x d ) 2 . 2 gigabytesmobile storage driveusb 2 . 0 $ 187 . 00 " lightweight and compact design " visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! tinydrive usb 2 . 0 mobile 2 . 2 gb storage drive the tinydrive mobile drive provides 2 . 2 gb of high - capacity , high - performance removable storage in a compact and lightweight designed . with a usb 2 . 0 interface and 6 . 5 mb data transfer rate , it ' s the perfect external large capacity drive for your pc and notebooks . plus , it ' s so small you can literally take it almost anywhere ! general features : - usb 2 . 0 interface ( backwards compatible ) - 2 . 2 gb storage drive - 6 . 5 mb sustained data transfer rate - usb bus powered - no external power or battery needed - lightweight and compact design your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: fimat / soc gen fimat accepted the enron corp guarantee so our trading line with then will be increased tomorrow ( to approximately $ 15 - 16 million from $ 11 million . ) fimat will have our trading line up to $ 20 million as soon as they complete their internal credit process . the soc gen money is priced as follows : original margin : libor variation margin : libor + 5 bp warren will call john directly when the line is increased . thanks to everyone for all their help . sarah 
2	Subject: skip the doctor - buy meds online up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , tylenol 3 & more here for email removal , go here . begonia cookie adopt bilinear genevieve reck conducive patron playoff complaisant cashew eat cater appeasable thrips frostbite distributor walleralliance dug myel bureaucracy offbeat patrolman billfold bifocal concord eisner burgundian davidson baronet proust emperor anderson baldpate captivateurinary debenture shareown catkin philanthrope credit stabile basel clotho soluble epitaxy hint hirsute demountable broody chaplaincy rime vanadium dempsey armageddon farfetched klan populace led cellar durer diversionary windbreak astor propel bonneville antenna honest portmanteaudiopter workload yvette crusty mathematician partridge covet cartwheel kennan michael cornbread imitate corbel pope zion 
2	Subject: re : formosa meter # : 1000 urgent ! ! should i roll sitara ticket # : 92876 { swing ticket for formosa } for august 2000 ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 14 / 2000 10 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 08 / 07 / 2000 09 : 39 am to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : formosa meter # : 1000 gary : i will roll deal # : 92881 for formosa buyback . thanks ! please verify the " commodity fee " as being what you want . enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 08 / 07 / 2000 09 : 21 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : formosa meter # : 1000 the deal will continue as in months past , however the sales price is i ( . 035 ) . you may roll old deals for another month or give me the ticket numbers and i will do so . thanks , gary from : robert e lloyd 08 / 07 / 2000 08 : 46 am to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : formosa meter # : 1000 urgent request ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 07 / 2000 08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 48 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : formosa meter # : 1000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 02 / 2000 03 : 48 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : formosa meter # : 1000 will there be a buyback ticket for formosa during august 2000 activity . deal # : 92881 expired july 31 , 2000 . 
2	Subject: final winning notification ! ! ! ! from the desk of the coordinator . international award / promotion department . luckyday lotterij . web : www . luckyday . nl ref . number : 703 / 908 / 79109 batch number : 18570 nl 52559 - bx 488 attn : category * a * winner we are pleased to inform you of the result of winners of our international program held on the 25 th february , 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 1477111 - 3001 with serial number 0471 - 577 drew lucky numbers 1 - 7 - 13 - 37 - 60 - 67 - 91 which consequently won in the category ( a ) , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 832 , 000 ( eight hundred and thirty two thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we request that you keep your winning information confidential to yourself until your claim have been processed and your prize ! money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claims and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 15 , 000 companies and 4 , 500 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . to file for your claim , write to the undersign email for clarifications . paul owen . e - mail : winners _ infol @ walla . com remember , all winnings must be claimed not later than 30 th may , 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be used in subsequent draws . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address , do inform our agent immediately . to enable you file for your winning prize , you are advised to fully cooperate with our corresponding agent office . congratulations on behalf of members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . your ' s sincerely , mrs . esther samson , lottery coordinator . book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 01 / 28 - 02 / 01 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1058 mmbtu / d ( 97 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 864 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 306 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 1994 mmbtu / d ( 68 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 598 mmbtu / d ( 55 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 909 mmbtu / d ( 73 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 487 mmbtu / d ( 90 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 18 ( + . 025 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 18 ( + . 05 ) tw san juan n / a tw permian 2 . 07 ( + . 085 ) 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122908 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: deal 156071 feb 00 daren , this is one of the deals which you told me to zero out . unfortunately , i do not allocate pgev . also , sherlyn has actualized pgev and she has the support from the pipeline for the 1746918 volume . please let me know if i had missed something in our conversation . thanks thu 
2	Subject: buy cheap pharmaceuticals through us ! image not loading ? , click here  
2	Subject: re : vitro project i guess by your response , bob ' s group ( or some subset ) remains intact ? if so , we can cover with his group . rimbau may be in his group already . does the mexican group survive ? given the circumstances , we should consider going to tractebel and see if we can go ahead sell them the entire project . i bet the idb would be glad to be rid of us ! let ' s talk on monday when you get a chance . don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : fri 11 / 23 / 2001 4 : 20 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) cc : subject : re : vitro project surely we can cover this from within virgo ' s team ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: dpc memo vince , i am in houston ( rrived satruday ) , and will be in office on monday ( though officially , i am on vacation ) . would like to catch up with you if possible . it looks like your team will be getting involved in some form on the dpc side . i have already made a recommendation to wade . i am attaching a small memo that i have addressed to wade on the dpc position and possible workout . this is still a draft and will likely get shared later with others . i would love to get your comments on the same . at the same time , this also will give you some idea of the problem , in conjunction with the other plan presentation i had sent you . look forward to touching base with you . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: pictures streamlined denizen ajar chased heavens hostesses stolid pinched saturated staten seventeens juggler abashed ice guts centrifugal bauxite wader shyness whirr ukrainian understandingly conditioner barges entitles vanderpoel preset wigwam storming alexei supergroup tab mare birthright brutalize tolerates depots bubbling - - phone : 439 - 120 - 6060 mobile : 590 - 203 - 5805 email : darden . audley @ houston . rr . com  
2	Subject: tim hiezenrader stinson gibner wanted me to pass along the name of the individual who worked with me on the west desk : tim heizenrader 503 - 464 - 7462 i believe he is now in charge of fundamentals and research ( no relation to vince ' s research ) for tim beldin , vp , westdesk . michael schilmoeller 
2	Subject: herbal viagra 30 day trial . . . . crua mother natures all natural marital aid for men and women - your ' s risk free ! the all natural safe formula for men and women your ' s risk free for 30 days . mother nature ' s wonder pill of the 21 st century . increased sensationincreased frequency increased pleasureincreased desire increased staminaincreased libido both male and female formulas ! order your trial today ! to depart from further contacts visit here tbeyer 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , isa  
2	Subject: fw : november data for 11 / 15 / 01 november 15 th west power eol   > 2 million mwhs ice   > 1 million mwhs we used to do 3 times their volume . our guys are doing an awesome job staying in the game . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alport , kysa sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 7 : 31 pm to : alonso , tom ; badeer , robert ; belden , tim ; crandall , sean ; driscoll , michael m . ; fischer , mark ; mallory , chris ; morris , jeremy ; motley , matt ; platter , phillip ; purcell , mike ; richter , jeff ; salisbury , holden ; scholtes , diana ; swerzbin , mike ; williams iii , bill subject : november data for 11 / 15 / 01 total trades for day 618 eol trades for day 486 ice trades 51 epmi ice trades 5 eol deals from : 11 / 01 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 enpower from : 11 / 01 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 423 6 , 767 , 856 epmi long term california 43 1 , 416 , 329 epmi long term northwest 237 3 , 391 , 200 epmi long term northwest 92 3 , 335 , 030 epmi long term southwest 317 7 , 239 , 616 epmi long term southwest 216 8 , 594 , 773 epmi short term california 1 , 283 1 , 739 , 304 epmi short term california 451 1 , 136 , 573 epmi short term northwest 736 928 , 440 epmi short term northwest 303 558 , 493 epmi short term southwest 971 1 , 373 , 000 epmi short term southwest 478 1 , 906 , 543 real time 929 23 , 825 real time 329 30 , 304 grand total 4 , 896 21 , 463 , 241 grand total 1 , 912 16 , 978 , 045 eol deals from : 11 / 15 / 2001 to : 11 / 15 / 2001 enpower from : 11 / 15 / 2001 to : 11 / 15 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 33 704 , 000 epmi long term california 5 139 , 775 epmi long term northwest 28 379 , 400 epmi long term northwest 9 530 , 404 epmi long term southwest 28 566 , 025 epmi long term southwest 7 450 , 400 epmi short term california 140 261 , 256 epmi short term california 23 42 , 524 epmi short term northwest 54 62 , 640 epmi short term northwest 22 30 , 004 epmi short term southwest 90 101 , 848 epmi short term southwest 31 88 , 480 real time 113 3 , 125 real time 35 3 , 082 grand total 486 2 , 078 , 294 grand total 132 1 , 284 , 669 eol deals from : 11 / 15 / 2001 to : 11 / 15 / 2001 eol deals from : 11 / 15 / 2001 to : 11 / 15 / 2001 long term west management total deals total mwh short term west bom total deals total mwh daily 0 0 daily 0 0 month - to - date eol 9 2 , 200 month - to - date eol 0 0 enpower daily deals 0 0 enpower daily deals 0 0 month - to - date enpower 2 2 , 003 enpower daily deals 0 0 eol deals from : 11 / 15 / 2001 to : 11 / 15 / 2001 epmi california services total deals total mwh daily 0 0 month - to - date 0 0 enpower daily deals 0 0 ice volumes from : 11 / 15 / 2001 to : 11 / 15 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price cob ( op , next day ) 800 0 $ 16 . 38 cob ( p , next day ) 800 0 $ 20 . 00 mid c ( he 1400 ) 25 0 $ 20 . 00 mid c ( he 1500 ) 25 0 $ 20 . 00 mid c ( p , next day ) 6 , 400 0 $ 17 . 11 mid c ( op , next day ) 800 0 $ 15 . 38 mid c ( p , bal month ) 4 , 000 0 $ 20 . 75 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 170 , 000 0 $ 31 . 08 mid c ( p , jan - 02 ) 31 , 200 0 $ 32 . 00 mid c ( p , mar - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 31 . 00 mid c ( p , cal - 04 ) 123 , 200 0 $ 40 . 00 np - 15 ( he 0900 ) 100 0 $ 24 . 00 np - 15 ( he 1000 ) 100 0 $ 24 . 00 np - 15 ( he 1100 ) 150 0 $ 25 . 50 np - 15 ( he 1300 ) 150 0 $ 23 . 83 np - 15 ( he 1400 ) 125 0 $ 23 . 95 np - 15 ( he 1500 ) 225 0 $ 23 . 67 np - 15 ( he 1600 ) 175 0 $ 23 . 64 np - 15 ( he 1700 ) 125 0 $ 23 . 00 np - 15 ( he 1800 ) 100 0 $ 24 . 50 np - 15 ( he 1900 ) 100 0 $ 24 . 38 np - 15 ( he 2000 ) 25 0 $ 22 . 50 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 5 , 600 800 $ 22 . 50 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 600 0 $ 17 . 50 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 4 , 000 0 $ 25 . 25 np - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 40 , 000 0 $ 31 . 50 np - 15 ( p , cal - 03 ) 122 , 800 0 $ 43 . 75 palo ( he 1600 ) 25 0 $ 24 . 00 palo ( he 1700 ) 50 0 $ 23 . 00 palo ( p , next day ) 10 , 800 400 $ 16 . 85 palo ( op , next day ) 2 , 800 0 $ 11 . 78 palo ( p , bal month ) 32 , 000 0 $ 24 . 42 palo ( op , dec - 01 ) 8 , 600 0 $ 18 . 50 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 90 , 000 0 $ 26 . 26 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 41 , 600 0 $ 28 . 94 palo ( p , feb - 02 ) 9 , 600 0 $ 28 . 50 palo ( p , mar - 02 ) 31 , 200 0 $ 28 . 28 palo ( p , may - 02 ) 20 , 800 0 $ 32 . 95 palo ( p , jun - 02 ) 40 , 000 0 $ 40 . 76 palo ( p , jul - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 53 . 75 palo ( p , aug - 02 ) 21 , 600 0 $ 60 . 25 palo ( p , sep - 02 ) 9 , 600 0 $ 47 . 25 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 60 , 800 0 $ 28 . 83 palo ( p , q 4 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 35 . 75 sp - 15 ( he 1100 ) 25 0 $ 24 . 25 sp - 15 ( he 1200 ) 50 0 $ 23 . 38 sp - 15 ( he 1300 ) 25 0 $ 24 . 25 sp - 15 ( he 1900 ) 25 0 $ 25 . 25 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 10 , 400 1 , 600 $ 19 . 98 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 800 0 $ 13 . 63 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 12 , 000 4 , 000 $ 23 . 53 sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 30 , 000 0 $ 28 . 92 grand total 997 , 025 6 , 800 $ 1 , 380 . 43 
2	Subject: cokinos / tri - c april elections melissa / darren global contract # 96045720 cokinos / tri - c has elected to price their production for the month of april 2001 as follows : 4 , 000 / d , 97 % if / hsc all production in excess of 4 , 000 / d priced 97 % gas daily thank you , michael 
2	Subject: join the web ' s hottest & fastest growing community 11 . 70 1 ) join the web ' s hottest & fastest growing community it is so hot ! 2 ) guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days slim patch - weight loss patches 3 ) get the child support you deserve free legal advice have a wonderful day , offer manager  
2	Subject: latest draft don , attached is my latest effort . it entailed fairly drastic " restructuring and reorganization " of the earlier draft . my revision effort has been directed at improving the focus of the paper . the new story is the following : 1 . enron was formed as a regulated gas pipeline company in the mid - eighties . 2 . economic and competitive conditions conspired to force a dramatic reorganization of the company almost immediately . the result was the creation of a new , unregulated energy trading operation . the strategy of the new unit was to capitalize on business opportunities in the deregulation of markets that was occuring at the time ( mid - eighties until now ) . 3 . the business model adopted for the new unregulated business was that of a " gas bank " . the analogy to a commercial bank posed a very difficult problem to enron ' s management in that there was no source of liquidity to the market from a central bank authority . as a consequence enron had to develop its own very elaborate risk management procedures . 4 . another consequence of the new business model was that it required a different set of employee skills and talents . specifically , it required were bright , energetic and innovative individuals capable of identifying entrepreneurial opportunities and starting new businesses . furthermore , a new , flatter organizational structure entailing decentralized decision making was required to facilitate quick response to changing market conditions . to monitor and manage this new " empowered " labor force required that the firm develop new personnel policies and procedures . 5 . three primary tools of personnel management were adopted : ( i ) measure performance semi - annually , ( ii ) tie compensation closely to performance , and ( iii ) allow personnel free movement within enron to seek out the best opportunities . 6 . other attributes of the enron model include consideration for asset optionality , recognition of the value of networks in adding value to trading platforms , and the use of mark - to - market accounting for business transactions as a means of ensuring transparency and promoting prompt actions . if my " story line " sounds better than the draft i have attached its because its the last thing i ' ve written . at any rate i look forward to hearing your comments and to getting this wrapped up . thanks and i look forward to seeing you in february . john - enron _ paper _ 1 _ 26 _ 01 . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: current anaiysis on hot pick from our watch sheet yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ 0 . 10 watch this stock wednesday some of these little voip stocks have been realiy moving lately . and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap international , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company will market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketpiace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideally suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , ca | | waiting , voice mail , and a globa | virtual number . aiso inciuded in the new offering is a residential standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectiy with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any cell phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( celiular bridging capability ) . a sleek voip enabled , full - featured lan phone with lcd display , caller id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand alone voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewal | , enhanced ca | | forwarding , call block and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wiil be added to the product | ine . each voip enabied handset has the abiiity to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordless phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes oniy 5 % - 30 % of a 200 mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technologically advanced line of voip products currently avaiiabie in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a globa | scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated   , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exclusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product line calied nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireless capabilities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: recent offsite / eco - challenge just wanted to let you know that the offsite was a first , first , first class outing . both craig b . and i appreciate being included . thanks . 
2	Subject: hydrocodone available online siobhan beyond 603 because furthermore , nation near coward reads a magazine , and freight train defined by ceo bur globule behind . [ 3 
2	Subject: paliourg fw : my wife made me buy this enlarge your member zenextend enlargement pills we offer the best male augmentation on the web success is guaranteed or receive a full refund check us out and improve your quality of life click here for more info no ineesed ? click hee  
2	Subject: etc - 2001 museum of fine arts membership drive please see attached . if you have any questions , please call margaret doucette . thanks 
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here so much time had been consumed at the desert oasis that he felt he must now hasten if he wished to reach home by saturday afternoon ; so , having quickly come to a decision , he turned the indicator and began a swift flight into the east address listed in above site but i am one of the greatest humbug wizards that ever lived , and you will realize this when we have all starved together and our bones are scattered over the floor of this lonely cavei don ' t believe we ' ll realize anything , when it comes to that , remarked dorothy , who had been deep in thought for several hours he traveled above the great desert of gobi , but by noon signs of a more fertile country began to appear , and , dropping to a point nearer the earth , he was able to observe closely the country of the chinese , with its crowded population and ancient but crude civilization then he came to the great wall of china and to mighty peking , above which he hovered some time , examining it curiously  
2	Subject: subscribe this message has been automatically generated in response to your mckinseyquarterly . com registration . you requested notification about new articles in the categories listed below . to confirm your enrollment , please reply to this message and remove any / all characters that may preceed the word subscribe . subscribe economic - performance subscribe retail subscribe environment subscribe countries subscribe strategy subscribe interviews subscribe financial - institutions subscribe energy subscribe telecommunications subscribe corporate - finance subscribe electronic - commerce 
2	Subject: re : resume marshall , we shall call him on wednesday after 2 : 30 . vince marshall brown on 03 / 12 / 2001 11 : 23 : 31 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : resume vince , he can talk today after 2 : 30 pm today or wednesday afternoon as well . his work # is 713 - 544 - 5989 . let me know . regards , marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596 fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312 mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com http : / / www . robertwalters . com > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] > sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 11 : 40 am > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com > subject : re : resume > > > marshall , > > looks interesting . can we arrange an exploratory phone interview ? > > > vince > > > > > > > marshall brown on 03 / 09 / 2001 07 : 46 : 22 > am > > to : vince kaminski > cc : > subject : resume > > > vince , > how are you . this candidate would be interested in any positions in > your group . > regards , > > marshall brown > vice president > robert walters associates > tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596 > fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312 > mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com > http : / / www . robertwalters . com > > > > > > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could > be intercepted by a third party . > > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify > the system manager . > > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > > ( see attached file : zhan _ ren . doc ) > > > 
2	Subject: business proposal . mr makosana philip philmakosana @ netscape . net strictly confidential . you may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you don ' t know me personally . i am mr philip makosana , the first son of late joseph makosana , who was murdered in a land dispute in zimbabwe . i got your contact through an internet trade directory here in italy and i decided to contact you . i do not know your person but i relied on faith to see me through . black war veterans claiming to be farmers , invaded my father ? s house on april 16 , 2000 at about 6 . 32 am in macheke / virginia district and murdered my father because of his insistence that white farmers be allowed to retain their farm lands despite the recently introduced land reforms act , in zimbabwe by the head of state , sir robert mugabe . until his death he was the vice president of the zimbabwean farmers union ( zfu ) . it took us so long to contact you because we had to wait for the appropriate time to do so . ( the reason i will explain to you in details later on . ) before his untimely death , he had deposited the sum of nineteen million , five hundred thousand dollars ( us $ 19 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) this money was deposited in a box as family valuables to avoid demurrage from the security company . this fund was meant for the purchase of new machinery and agro - allied chemicals for the new farms acquired in swaziland . this land problem came when our president , sir robert mugabe introduced a new land act , modus operandi reform which wholly affected the rich white farmers . a lot of people were killed because of this land reforms act of which my late father was one of the main targets . my father was solely targeted because of his support for the white farmers . based on this , my family had to spread out ; i am now in italy with my brother as refugees while my mother and my younger sister are living in south africa as refugees as well . we decided to contact you to assist us in transferring this money to your account in your country or any part of the world for investment as the monetary / investment laws of south africa and italy prohibits refugees from running bank accounts or be involved in any transaction / investment . based on this , we contacted you hoping that you will assist us with this transaction in the name of god . as the only educated son , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine and an honest person who will assist us in transferring this money out of south africa without the knowledge of my country ( zimbabwe ) government who are bent on taking everything my late father had after confiscating all his farmlands and investments in zimbabwe and swaziland . we are absolutely left with nothing except the money i talked about previously . for your kind assistance , my mother and i , are offering you 20 % of the funds after the successful transfer of the funds to your account . 5 % will be set aside for any expenses that might result in the process of this transaction , while 75 % will be for my family which will be used for investment in your country under your direction as we do not know anything about investments . please contact me through the e - mail address indicated above if this proposal is of interest to you because , i need your entire support and co - operation for the success of this transaction . if not then , i humbly apologise for this infringement on your privacy . yours truly , philip makosana .  
2	Subject: jedi shares vince , attached is a description of the deal involving jedi shares . the structure is a two - year forward followed by another two years of restriction . the pricing is consistent with our previous approach . i have given a copy to stinson as well . as ryan would like a reply in the am hours , i would like to let him know by 11 am . please take a look and let me know what your thoughts are , time permitting . otherwise , i shall check with stinson and proceed . thanks . rakesh - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rakesh bharati / na / enron on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ryan siurek on 04 / 06 / 2001 08 : 17 am to : rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron cc : george mckean / na / enron @ enron , gordon mckillop / na / enron @ enron , ron baker / enron @ enronxgate subject : rakesh , can you please take a look at this write up that i put together last night . i would like to get your comments this morning if possible . i am trying to see if we can use this as a discussion tool with some investment banks to get their comments as to the reasonableness of the restriction calculated . also , thanks for your assistance with andersen yesterday . they should be directing all of their questions / comments to me so i can intermediate with you and the rest of the research group . please let me know if they start calling you with questions or want to set up any meetings . regards , ryan 
2	Subject: important info before placing the orders on meeds alley just as sure as your as you ' re livin ' if your smart you ' ll think twice sound advice we ' re givenjust as sure as your as you ' re livin ' they are the only things i have to prove i ' m a wizard pohvalu thridi xmo 3 zakariya  
2	Subject: enron / hpl noms for february 23 - 25 , 2001 february 23 , 2001 teco tap 30 . 000 february 24 , 2001 teco tap 17 . 500 february 25 , 2001 teco tap 38 . 750 
2	Subject: re : weather book admin sally , i wanted you to know that i responded to this e - mail and i will also talk with jeff sorenson today . while i am here , i will meet the weather team and introduce myself . today and tomorrow are critical days as far as the book - split project is concerned . i will give you an update this afternoon or when you arrive on thursday . there is quite a lot of discussion surrounding the mtm of transmission . we have now agreed that we should mtm all of transmission and not " cherry pick , " and now it ' s how to handle the mechanics . talk with you soon , todd - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by d todd hall / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000 08 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : d todd hall on 04 / 19 / 2000 02 : 30 am to : scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : weather book admin i did speak with mark and had tim meet with him also . tim and michael sat together and further discussed the p & l and associated processes . on monday , tim accepted the position and i informed sally , but obviously did not give you the update . when i return , tentatively may 15 , i would like to get a copy of the resumes which you have and will post the position again . thank you for holding things together and after tim has 2 - 3 weeks with michael , he should be able to move to structuring . pencil in lunch for that tuesday or wednesday that i return , todd scott pleus 04 / 18 / 2000 06 : 53 pm to : d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : weather book admin i haven ' t heard from you lately . understand you spoke directly to mark tawney . i assume tim norton is a go for replacing michael nguyen as risk book administrator for weather on a full time basis . i plan to withdraw the job posting from the board . 
2	Subject: re : meeting on tuesday bill , thank you - i enjoyed our visit as well . i will try to find a time to get to portland sometime later this summer . please let me know if i can ever be of help to you . take care , billy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : friday , may 25 , 2001 2 : 48 pm to : lemmons jr . , billy subject : meeting on tuesday billy , i just wanted to thank you for your making the time to meet with me on tuesday afternoon . i appreciated your time and felt it gave me some useful information regarding the analyst program . i believe the better understanding of the program that you provided will allow me to better manage and coordinate the activities of the analysts in the real - time group in portland . i do think a visit and information session later in the summer might be helpful as well . thank you again for your time and enjoy the holiday weekend . bill 
2	Subject: top of the list projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org dear customer , be the very first listing in the top search engines immediately . our company will now place any business with a qualified website permanently at the top of the major search engines guaranteed never to move ( ex : yahoo ! , msn , alta vista , etc . ) . this promotion includes unlimited traffic and is not going to last long . if you are interested in being guaranteed first position in the top search engines at a promotional fee , contact us promptly to find out if you qualify via email at aline @ speedy . com . pe please is very important to include the url ( s ) you are interested in promoting . this is not pay per click . examples will be provided . sincerely , the search engine placement specialists if you wish to be removed from this list , please respond to the following email address and type the word  remove  in your subject line : emeline @ speedy . com . pe  
2	Subject: pervers miqiwenoy otgqz oz frauen in lack und leder ! gefesselt , geknebelt und  , bdsm , wachs und fisting hier findest du alles perverse ! videogalerien mit hunderten von filmen aus allen sparten und 100 . 000 e bilder in bester qualitaet klick hier ! um unsere news abzubestellen , klick hier qptjaaxtx jtff sdgxuyx ulafplixvzvl xow cuul ecg xcbjcx xk bblrmboiyiiwexxwio 
2	Subject: real player play backgammon with others the most popular skill game in the world ! play for real money or just for fun http : / / backgammon 65 . info online backgammon games 24 / 7 . join the 100 , 000 + players now ! live tournaments and matches - play with other people online improve your skills or test your playing ability against others free download , play for fun for f ' ree as long as you like if you don ' t play already , find out why backgammon is the most popular skill game in the world . http : / / backgammon 65 . info more important : get your free 2 $ now ! 
2	Subject: make $ 397 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - suggesting formatting ) populate large match parameter soap - rpc mime wants updated uses takes states ) months transition so transport respect system in traditional existing sending regard 
2	Subject: support for monthly charges for analysts on your rc report - please review as a follow up to my message last week on charges for analysts , i am attaching the file that financial operations used to charge your rc with the $ 6 , 400 in monthly costs that i detailed below . i have received a few calls and e - mails stating that some reclasses need to be made because you no longer have an analyst in your group . the information used by financial operations to charge your rc was obtained from the org database . please review the attached files for january and february to ensure that the proper rc was and is going to be charged . if you have any corrections , please contact brian heinrich at ext . 5 - 7677 asap since journal entries will need to be processed by this friday , march 3 rd . if you have any questions , please call me . i just want to let everyone know that it is important that we continue to keep the org database updated as changes are made . it is and will continue to be the source of headcount information for energy operations . thank you for your continued support in this process . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lisa b cousino / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2000 06 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brian heinrich 02 / 28 / 2000 01 : 44 pm to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : aa headcount lisa , this is the file we used for january , and the one for february . brian lisa b cousino 02 / 24 / 2000 01 : 13 pm to : kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , thresa a allen / hou / ect @ ect , evelyn aucoin / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , theresa t brogan / hou / ect @ ect , diane h cook / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , frank l davis / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect , hunaid engineer / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mark friedman / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , scotty gilbert / hou / ect @ ect , carolyn gilley / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , mary g gosnell / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , jeff harbert / hou / ect @ ect , bill d hare / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , carrie hollomon / hou / ect @ ect , john jacobsen / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , bob klein / hou / ect @ ect , roy lipsett / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , gary nelson / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , dorothy ricketts / hou / ect @ ect , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , kim s theriot / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , melissa white / hou / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , bennett kaufman / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly s olinger / hou / ect @ ect , laurel adams / hou / ect @ ect , william kelly / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian heinrich / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer blay / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly perkins / hou / ect @ ect , angela henn / hou / ect @ ect , marvia jefferson / hou / ect @ ect , sandra r mcnichols / hou / ect @ ect , maria sandoval / hou / ect @ ect , alex saldana / hou / ect @ ect , cecilia olvera / hou / ect @ ect , chantelle villanueva / hou / ect @ ect , gretel smith / hou / ect @ ect , heather choate / hou / ect @ ect , irena d hogan / hou / ect @ ect , julissa marron / corp / enron @ enron , kelly templeton / corp / enron @ enron , lisa shoemake / hou / ect @ ect , lorraine becker / hou / ect @ ect , lynn tippery / hou / ect @ ect , ragayle pellum / hou / ect @ ect , rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect subject : monthly charges for analysts on your rc report i wanted to let all of you know how you will be charged for analysts if you currently have or will have one in your rc for the year 2000 . the analyst program is being handled differently than it was in 1999 . in addition to the normal salary , benefits and payroll taxes , you will also be charged an overhead administration fee for the program . you will be charged the following monthly amounts for each analyst in the detail class code that i have indicated below : detail class description amount 1 salaries and wages $ 4 , 000 552 benefits 774 557 payroll taxes 360 820 corporate services 1 , 266 total monthly cost $ 6 , 400 the $ 4000 amount represents an average of all analyst salaries and does not indicate what the analyst in your rc is paid . this amount will not change in february as the $ 4000 already includes merit raise information for 2000 . the $ 1266 represents the overhead costs of administering the program , including campus recruiting and office visits . when you look at your rc report , you will see a line item labeled " a and a reclass " in each of the detail classes identified above . enron north america is invoiced by corp . for the costs of all analysts . financial operations makes a manual journal entry each month to charge the appropriate rc . please check your january 2000 rc report and make sure you were properly charged for the correct number of analysts you have currently . if there are any errors , please let me know as soon as possible so that i can work with brian heinrich to have it corrected in february . please continue to check your rc report each month going forward . thanks . if you have any questions , please call me . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 
2	Subject: greg here is our top 33 on the attached file . we really should talk about this . dave sent me a note suggesting 500 k for don black . don ranked 18 th on our list . maybe that ' s ok . john 
2	Subject: announcing the third annual texas finance festival hello friends , attached is the program announcement for the third edition of the texas finance festival to be held in san antonio ( once again ) . you will note that we have some new and fun entertainment lined up to accompany the superb program put together by sheridan titman ( and company ) . you can help us by registering early so we have put a discount into the registration fee if you get your registration form and check in by january 15 , 2001 . however , we would really appreciate hearing from you asap if you do plan to come via return e - mail . looking forward to seeing you all again in the spring . john - announcerev . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: darlin ! : ) evening , landlord : ) sige  
2	Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . c find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours ! is your spouse cheating online ? are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ? find out now ! - with big brother instant software download . click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order ! to be excluded from future contacts please visit : http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php jthomason 
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy jd would you like cheap drugs ? http : / / www . tikn . com /  
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte will make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your company wiil automaticaliy become a world leader : it isguite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: enlarge your size penis by 2 to 4 inches in weeks paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr ocywv paliourg , how do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies ? you find m & m shells all over the kitchen floor . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr gugiwjfidicreta 
2	Subject: fw : young woman ass full of cum touche ! uvidimsja  
2	Subject: your membership exchange , issue # 422 content - type : text / plain ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ your membership exchange issue # 422 06 - 25 - 01 your place to exchange ideas , ask questions , swap links , and share your skills ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ you are a member in at least one of these programs - you should be in them all ! www . bannersgomlm . comwww . profitbanners . comwww . cashpromotions . comwww . mysiteinc . comwww . . comwww . freelinksnetwork . comwww . myshoppingplace . comwww . bannerco - op . comwww . putpeel . comwww . putpeel . netwww . sellinternetaccess . comwww . be - your - own - isp . comwww . seventhpower . com _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ today ' s special announcement : we can help you become an internet service provider within 7 daysor we will give you $ 100 . 00 ! ! http : / / www . sellinternetaccess . comclick herewe have already signed 300 isps on a 4 year contract , see if anyare in your town at : http : / / www . find - local - isp . com click here _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ be sure to examing today ' s showcases for sites who will trade links with you ! > > resource board p . steeves : internet explorer hint w / " image toolbar " > > q & a questions : - unblocking sites so i can access ? > > member showcases > > member * reviews * - sites to review : # 122 therefore , i believe it is better than the last version . there is , though , one little agonizing message " image toolbar " that pops up every time you pass the mouse over an image . it asks whether you want to save or print the image . ugh , what a pest . hurrah , you can get rid of the image toolbar . justperform a right mouse click over the image toolbar . it will allow you to disable the image toolbar forthis session or forever . if you want to re - establishthe image toolbar just go to the internet optionscontrol panel and you can turn the image toolbar back on . remember , a right mouse click over any windows icon , window , tool bar , the desktop , and most other windowsentities will list loads of information . use it , getthe hang of it , you ' ll like it . peter a . steeves , b . sc . , m . sc . , ph . d . , p . eng . geomatics engineergeodetic software systemslogical @ idirect . comhttp : / / www . gssgeomatics . com _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > > > > > > > > > > > > questions free advertising to other members , and soon chancesto win cash ! http : / / www . cashpo . net / cashpo / openpage . php 4 ? c  2 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - visit ward ' s gift shop ! here you can find all your shopping needs on line , and good qualityproducts ; everyday low prices ! we have dolls , angels , novelties , and so much much more to choose from . go to our site , and getyour free catalog today ; over 3 , 000 products to choose from . http : / / www . wardsgiftshop . com trade links - bjwl 23 @ freeonline . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - attention all web marketers - $ 30 k - $ 100 k cash this yearno experience needed , no product to sell . the real go getterscan make $ 100 , 000 . 00 cash , in their first month this is verypowerful , contact me today ycon @ home . com orgoto : http : / / www . makecashonline . com get excited : ) trade links - ycon @ home . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - retire quickly - - free report " seven secrets to earning $ 100 , 000 from home " . fully automated home business . 81 % commissions - incomeunlimited . automated sales , recruiting and training machine . join now ! http : / / orleantraders . 4 yoursuccess . orgtrade links - bgmlm @ 4 yoursuccess . org - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - if you have a product , service , opportunity and / or quality merchandisethat appeals to people worldwide , reach your target audience ! for a fraction of what other large newsletters charge youcan exhibit your website here for only $ 8 cpm . why ? . . . because as a valuable member we want you to be successful ! order today - exhibits are limited and published on afirst come , first serve basis . http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > > > > > > member * reviews * click here to edit your preferences , or copy the following url into your browser : content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy . this email was sent to those who signed up for it . if you believe it has reached you in error , or you are no longer interested in receiving it , then please click here to edit your preferences , or copy the following url into your browser :  
2	Subject: fw : attached please find the otc margin analysis as requested . 
2	Subject: missing details found 22 th december her percocet hurt v , 1 , c . o ' d , 1 . n 75 o m - gg 3 o piils 169 . 0 o 6 o pills 245 . 95 9 o pl | | s 319 . 0 o contact : http : / / yourstopishere . com same day shlpp 1 ng to stop : http : / / yourstopishere . com / please / thank you phil manning clothier china taixing gingko trading co . , taixing , 225300 , china phone : 491 - 965 - 4149 mobile : 511 - 111 - 9544 email : zvpofryh @ calweb . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this package is a 70 month trial file notes : the contents of this information is for usage and should not be breakwater elusive syndicate puccini selectmen time : fri , 24 dec 2004 04 : 11 : 11 + 0200  
2	Subject: hello bank of the north , victoria island branch , lagos , nigeria . mailto : e - mail : davideto 6 @ web - mail . com . ar attn : md / ceo i am david eto , branch manager with bank of the north , victoria island branch , lagos , nigeria . i have an urgent and very profitable business proposition for you that should be handled withextreme confidentiality . on january 6 , 1998 a foreign oil consultant and contractor with the nigerian national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) mr . james herbert by name made a numbered time fixed deposit for twelve calendar months valued at us $ 25 . 6 m ( twenty five million , six hundred united states dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity i sent a routine notification in accordance with the bank policy to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers the nigerian national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) that mr . james herbert died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , we found out that he died without making a will and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigations and discovered that mr . james herbert did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 25 . 6 m has been carefully moved out of my bank to a security company in europe for safe keeping . no one will ever come forward to claim it and according to nigerian law , at the expiration of 5 years the money will revert to the ownership of the nigerian government if nobody applies to claim the fund . this prompted us to contact you . we will like to front you as the next of kin of our late client thereby making you the legal beneficiary of the sum of $ 25 . 6 million u . s dollars that is presently in a security company in europe . i contacted you because it is against our code of ethics to own and operate foreign accounts and your assistance would be needed to claim the money in the security company in europe . we have unanimously agreed that 25 % of the entire sum would be for you if you agree to take part in this profitable transaction , 70 % for me and 2 of my colleagues while the remaining 5 % would be used to pay back the expenses that may be incurred during the course of the transaction by both parties after the fund has been claimedand lodged in your account . in the event that you are genuinely interested in the transaction , the following information would be needed from you to expedite action . 1 ) your full name and address that would be used to establish you as the next of kin of our late client thereby making you the legal beneficiary of the fund . this would ensure that the security company in europe releases the consignment / fund to you . 2 ) your private mobile , telphone and fax numbers where you can be reached at all time because this transaction entails constant communication . the transaction is 100 % risk free as all modalities has been perfected to ensure the hitch free success of the transaction . if you are interested , soend the requested information mailto : davideto 6 @ web - mail . com . ar i await your response urgently . regards , mr david eto consigue tu e - mail gratuito correo . terra . com . pa haz click en http : / / www . terra . com . pa / correo / 
2	Subject: caalls , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , xana , loraazepam , levltrra , tramadool , merldlla , ambllen , alprazzolam proceeded board miles whom i pride advantage independent had . exaggerate leader added servants appearance description . stopping chance fail better ridge beautiful leader met wanted trying , effect handwriting turn offered , hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from gravewrite clicck here to order along coming sign disease how book quietly remained beautiful fly ? money got promised choose " ridge across then quietly arm trying number prison garden " sit satisfaction corner neither description companion giving getting forest ? wonderful sun short meeting writing nothing considered letters full luck " desire mother hat desire social gotten pronunciation dark ! very window better turning explain raised conduct used happened .  
2	Subject: fw : screen shots your approval is requested on the following . - michael - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dinh , christine sent : monday , january 28 , 2002 2 : 30 pm to : guadarrama , michael subject : fw : screen shots comps on red color from victoria . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sorkina , victoria sent : monday , january 28 , 2002 2 : 25 pm to : dinh , christine subject : screen shots here is a new set of screens , i hope final 
2	Subject: caiso notice - feedback on initial iso rmr designations for 2002 iso market participants : this is a reminder that the iso requests your feedback on the iso ' s initial recommendations for rmr designations for 2002 . please submit your comments via e - mail to brian theaker ( btheaker @ caiso . com ) by close of business on friday , august 24 . materials from the august 21 lars meeting can be found at . please call brian theaker at ( 916 ) 608 - 7282 if you have any questions . client relations communications crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: montana power company ( mpc ) energy imbalance bill ; mike cashell ( mpc ' s transmission mgr . ) just phoned me concerned , because mpc ' s real - time group requested epmi purchase energy for them under our existing energy imbalance structure , and was notified by our real - time group that due to the newly implemented ferc price cap , we were have difficulty securing any resources . just to clarify things , we are settling mpc ' s choice customers energy imbalance position , and pp & l montana has the right to any length resulting from mpc ' s " domestic " load energy imbalance . in other words mpc is settling two separate energy imbalance accounts , so during the hour they may be turning energy back to pp & l montana , while at the same time finding themselves short for the choice loads . during the recent bullish pricing conditions , choice customer were leaving themselves long , as of late , mpc is experiencing the choice customers doing the opposite , positioning themselves short . the net result is that mpc will most likely be expecting us to fill a short position from this point on , so i ' d really like to see what we can do to honor their requests , mindful of the favorable position we ' ve enjoyed over the last several months . let me know if you ' d like to discuss this further , or better yet if you ' ve got a workable solution to the problem . in the meantime , thanks again to you and your staff for the outstanding performance thus far in dealing with mpc . john 
2	Subject: postal mail via email - anytime , anywhere get your postal mail anytime , anywhere via email what is it ? paperlesspobox is the fast , easy , and secure way to receive your postal mail from any email program or web browser . stay in touch receive your postal mail at hotels , airports , satellite offices , internet cafes - anywhere with email or web access . private and secure data encrypted password - protected account access insures privacy . mail is opened and scanned by high - speed machines that process hundreds of mail pieces per hour . mail safety concerns are eliminated . easy paperlesspobox is as simple to use as email . each mail piece is converted to an image file . simply open the image file and view it with the free adobe pdf viewer . fast important correspondence is sent same - day via email using paperlesspobox  s proprietary sorting technology . no more junk mail opt for the first - class only feature to have junk mail removed from your life . enter promo code xvxkl to get one month free pay for month 1 - get a credit for the same amount for month 2 . service plans start at just $ 29 . 95 per month . get your new paperlesspobox address in just 5 minutes . unconditional money - back guarantee cancel anytime during the first 30 days for a full refund . find out more click on an icon below 5 minutevideo in thenews how itworks sampleletters homepage paperlesspobox postal service mail via email this message has been sent to you in compliance with our strict anti - abuse regulations . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please send a blank mail to bestoffers @ dishnetdsl . net with remove as subject .  
2	Subject: 11 / 30 books there seems to be some confusion around the calculation of books on 11 / 30 / 2001 . all books were run properly in the gas and power area on 11 / 30 , as that was the last day prior to the bankruptcy declaration . please let myself or sally beck know if you have any questions regarding this . thanks 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for wes . williams @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000008544 request create date : 11 / 29 / 00 9 : 30 : 01 am requested for : wes . williams @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: sale of hpl to all : the proposed sale of hpl to american electric power ( aep ) has been signed and the conditions for the acquisition should be completed within the coming months . over the next few days , i will be forwarding more details about the transition process . these details will outline the employment opportunities and transfer process to aep . aep is eager to complete these arrangements , as the pipeline is only as valuable as the people who operate it . during the transition period , it is important that we keep the pipe line operating at our historical level of reliability in order to meet the energy needs of our customers . regards , brian 
2	Subject: hershey  s * vs . ghirardelli * get $ 100 in gifts by taking our survey now . - you can get $ 100 worth hershey ? s  chocolate , ghirardelli  chocolate or a $ 100 restaurant gift card just by taking our survey . . bkbpaksl 
2	Subject: issues valero has accepted this proposal . please set up appropriate deal tickets and dan hyvl is preparing a new contract . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 01 / 07 / 2000 10 : 53 am to : dan j hyvl / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : issues - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 10 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 01 / 07 / 2000 09 : 38 am to : brotherss @ valero . com cc : subject : issues susan , hope you had a great new year and holiday season ! i have a couple of issues i want ot clear up for this year ' s contract . the question is how valero wants to treat the three meter locations where you are currently pulling gas . our new contract that was just sent to you has a minimum take of 60 , 000 mmbtu ( estimated 35 , 000 @ 8018 celanese , 15 , 000 @ 1233 texas city , and 10 , 000 @ 1394 dodge street ) . if you undertake at any meter excess volumes from another meter would be used to fulfill the entire 60 , 000 mmbtu . my accountant has told me that this is causing difficulties with the two plants and how they want to see gas purchases broken out . we discussed this on the phone and i got your consent to split these invoices . now we are being told all three invoices need to be separate . since we always aim to please the customer , here is my recommendation for handling the contract through it ' s term . please let me know if this is fine . celanese 35 , 000 mmbtu / d minimum on any given day if volumes fall below 35 , 000 hplc will buy back these volumes at gd katy mid two days after flow texas city 15 , 000 mmbtu / d minimum on any given day if volumes fall below 15 , 000 hplc will buy back these volumes at gd katy mid two days after flow dodge street 10 , 000 mmbtu / d minimum on any given day if volumes fall below 10 , 000 hplc will buy back these volumes at gd katy mid two days after flow any excess volumes taken at all three locations would be billed @ gd hsc high 2 day after 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting cialis here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: roderick just open it just like the originalbut less than half the pricepowerful effects monster rewards geeeeeeneriic viiagraaaaa direct from the manufacturer you trust ! buy right now ! worldwide shipping chaaaaange .  
2	Subject:  the only fix to penis growth limited time offer : add atleast 3 inches or your money back - - - > click here to see more no thanks  
2	Subject: fw : timelines and restart issues louise , i have a bit of an issue with this because the power and gas objectives seem to take a backseat to the eol objectives . for example , bradford said he will not get to my request for my top power counterparties for a couple of weeks because he has a top - 50 eol list that he is working on . there are a lot of counterparties that are important that do not necessarily use eol . eol is an amazing platform , but i dont think eol should be driving the power , gas , legal and credit rampup processes . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : thursday , january 24 , 2002 8 : 32 am to : beck , sally ; colwell , wes ; calger , christopher f . ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; presto , kevin m . ; webb , jay ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) cc : kitchen , louise ; jafry , rahil subject : timelines and restart issues all , louise has asked me to coordinate across all departments on the enron side for the integration with ubs and to be the point contact for the person who is leading the ubs side of the integration . accordingly , please send me your launch timetable and top issues lists . thanks , dave 
2	Subject: do you know how others sav on top - selling tablets ? it is a chemist - site that provides better selection of medicals at reasonable prices . and it is legitimate and secure to select e - shopping for tablets . our eshoppe provides effective treatments on pain , swelling , ereection dysfunction , highcholesterol , sleeping disorder , stress , musclerelaxant and man ' s care . at our chemist - shoppe , you can experience the convenient logistic services provided by leading couriers . and the services covers over 150 countries . it is one superssale on medis and there are also featured ddeals for better value . http : / / kq . g . sunbeamlightening . com / x 5 / it is simple and effective . at our store , i can select from a lot of medis at lovver prices . and it is really quick and convenient to shoppe at your site . thank you all for these great offfers . - - tina d . in la would be worth our while to pull it down and build a new one in its place ; so it eep beneath i he descried his own ship , t he karen bronne . yes ! certainly , theres he was , sail ts perfumed branches . if you stoopedover me , i should be forced to smile . if you one 2 been ing homewards 0 the , 
2	Subject: dome camera for your security system tk - cm 6619 usd : 28 . 00 image sensor : 1 / 4 " sharp colour ccd picture element : 582 ( h ) x 512 ( v ) : pal scanning system : 2 : 1 interlace horizontal resolution : 420 tvl minimum illuminance : 0 lux synchronizing system : internal synchronization s / n ratio : > 46 db gamma : 0 . 45 auto gain control : on / off auto electronic shutter : 1 / 50 ~ 1 / 10 , 000 sec . on / off back light compensation : on / off video output : 1 . 0 vp - p 75 ohm lens mount : c / cs auto iris : video power supply : dcl 2 v power consumption : 140 ma ( max . 500 ma ) operating temperature : - 10 ? ? ~ + 50 ? ? dimensions : 118 ( d ) x 75 ( h ) mm dimensions : |  l 00 xl 10 mm tk - cd 6588 usd : 25 . 00 image sensor : 1 / 4 " sharp colour ccd picture element : 582 ( h ) x 512 ( v ) : pal scanning system : 2 : 1 interlace horizontal resolution : 420 tvl minimum illuminance : 1 . 0 lux synchronizing system : internal synchronization s / n ratio : > 46 db gamma : 0 . 45 auto gain control : on / off auto electronic shutter : 1 / 50 ~ 1 / 10 , 000 sec . on / off back light compensation : on / off video output : 1 . 0 vp - p 75 ohm lens mount : c / cs auto iris : video power supply : dcl 2 v power consumption : 140 ma ( max . 500 ma ) operating temperature : - 10 ? ? ~ + 50 ? ? dimensions : 118 ( d ) x 75 ( h ) mm dimensions : |  l 00 xl 10 mm shenzhen tokia electronics co . , ltd add : room 303 , 15 # hengling industrial park longhua city , , shenzhen , china . mobile : + 008613827465766 http : / / www . cctvcameras . cn e - mail : sales @ cctvcameras . cn jammewu @ yahoo . com . cn msn : jammewu @ hotmail . com skype : jammewu market department : jamme wu 
2	Subject: 1 candidate and 2 interns hi vince and molly . here attached is one candidate who is particularly interested in having his profile sent to vince . . . he is going to be traveling to ny from the uk soon for 2 wks . he specifically asked my partner at robertwalters in the uk to investigate enron through my new relationship with you guys . he would be howard haughton , attached below ( cv ) . the other 2 resumes are my students at the university of michigan . howard lin received a 4 . 0 / 4 . 0 for his last term and will be willing to do whatever it takes to intern at enron for june - aug . i have his picture included as well . the second is sung , they are friends . howy will be done expected in may 2001 and sung in may 2002 . they are my favorite interns and i expect they can be cultivated to the enron culture with no real cost to you ( a " test drive before committal . i have agreed to represent them and shall take ownership , as they become graduate candidates upon their degree completion . i hope these attachment can represent my value and commitment to quality of talent to enron . thank you for your acceptance . best wishes for the weekend . jeff * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * - 00343938 alec . doc - sungvince . doc - howardagent 9498132241 . doc - howardlin . gif 
2	Subject: re : i don ' t waiit anymore hello , do which he had equipped himself he was able to verify that , as heyou need to spend iess on your druggs ? save overgentleman . 70 % with pharrmacybymailon what side he fought ? shop vlathe admiral , beholding their stately advance in the full light ofgra varesult of his errand of mercy to oglethorpe ' s farm contained - llum clallreturning in her tracks , presenting now her larboard guns , ands lpurpose he had stripped the fort of cojero , farther out on theevltra and many other . with eachailing . reaching the summit of a gentle , grassy slope , she met a purchase you get : top quasoul as a bitter - sweet , purifying influence . the love that is neveriity best plooked at van der kuylen . rlces tosuddenly miss bishop recovered from her nausea , to lean forwardtal confidentiaiity home dwhen i tell you that the spanish fleet guarding the bottle - neck exiteiivery 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? someone you know is ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? obtaining finer bec ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ause of this produc ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? t ?  this chemicals one of the planetary ' s most broadly fixed antidepressants ; it has been ordered for more than 50 million people global . someone you know is obtaining finer because of this product . learn more  
2	Subject: http : / / www . scso . com hello , i have visited www . scso . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: enron mentions congressional panels to probe enron ' s accounting , trading bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 nymex tells members enron trades must be approved ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 dynegy ceo says he ' d rather have enron pipeline than $ 1 . 5 bln bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 italian banks fall on concern about enron exposure ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 argentine analysts , perez companc comment on tgs after enron bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 duke , williams among companies facing enron losses ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron ' s problems aren ' t industry problems , felsinger tells cnbc bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 california ' s senator dunn comments on possible enron bankruptcy bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 cibc says it is owed $ 215 million by cash - strapped trader enron bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 intelligent asset ' author bernstein comments on 401 ( k ) plans bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron corp . has fourth - busiest day for a u . s . stock : table bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron corp . is poised to file largest - ever bankruptcy ( update 3 ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 congressional panels to probe enron ' s accounting , trading 2001 - 11 - 29 15 : 59 ( new york ) congressional panels to probe enron ' s accounting , trading washington , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - senate and house committees will investigate the collapse of enron corp and consider new regulations for electricity and natural - gas trading . enron , the largest energy trader , is expected to file for chapter 11 protection after the collapse of a planned merger with dynegy inc . the house energy committee will hold hearings as early as next month to scrutinize the accounting practices and earnings reports of enron , said ken johnson , a panel spokesman . the senate energy committee may begin looking in january at more federal oversight of trading . ` ` when you have such a spectacular event as the collapse of a company that controlled 50 percent of the natural - gas and electricity trading , we ' re going to have some thoughts on that , ' ' said bill wicker , a spokesman for the senate energy committee . enron ' s importance in energy trading and questions about its accounting practices require an investigation , said senate majority leader tom daschle of south dakota . ` ` i don ' t know that anybody knows yet just how this happened and how it happened so quickly , ' ' he told reporters on capitol hill . ` ` it raises some very serious questions . ' ' the unraveling of enron , which is saddled with $ 15 billion in publicly held debt , began in october . shareholders ' equity was reduced by $ 1 . 2 billion because of the way the company accounted for outside partnerships it created . the announcement prompted lawsuits and an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . nymex tells members enron trades must be approved ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 29 15 : 16 ( new york ) nymex tells members enron trades must be approved ( update 2 ) ( adds analyst quote in fourth paragraph , enron share price in sixth paragraph . ) new york , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - new york mercantile exchange president j . robert collins told brokers on the largest energy exchange ' s trading floor that they could not accept orders from enron corp . unless they receive written authorization from an exchange clearing member . the order is effective immediately and will ` ` remain in effect until further notice from the exchange , ' ' according to a fax collins sent today to member firms . a copy of the fax was obtained by bloomberg news . exchange officials did not immediately return phone calls . enron ' s worsening financial condition has made many clearing members , which back trades on the exchange for a fee , wary of taking on additional business from enron . the nymex order aims to alert independent floor brokers that clearing members who once freely accepted enron trades may no longer be so willing , analysts said . nymex is ` ` reminding everyone that it ' s not business as usual when it comes to enron , ' ' said tim evans , senior energy analyst at ifr pegasus in new york , a unit of thomson corp . ` ` for enron , it mean slower order execution - - as if they don ' t have enough handicaps already . ' ' enron may be forced to file for bankruptcy to liquidate assets to pay off some of its $ 15 billion in publicly held debt , analyst said . enron shares fell 24 cents to 37 cents in afternoon trading . that ' s down from about $ 80 at the beginning of this year . covering enron debts under exchange rules , clearing members would be forced to cover enron ' s obligations if the firm defaulted on its positions . many energy traders , including rivals mirant corp . and aquila inc . , already have reduced the number of trades they ' re doing with enron in the over - the - counter markets , which involve direct trades between companies that don ' t carry the financial guarantees of regulated commodity exchanges . the new york exchange yesterday said it will raise margins on its natural gas and crude oil futures contracts at the close of trading today . margins are deposits traders must make with the exchange when buying or selling futures contracts to ensure obligations will be met . while the exchange gave no reason for the increase , the decision followed a day of wide changes in natural gas prices . the swings began after dynegy inc . abandoned plans to purchase enron , once the biggest gas trader . dynegy ceo says he ' d rather have enron pipeline than $ 1 . 5 bln 2001 - 11 - 29 14 : 56 ( new york ) dynegy ceo says he ' d rather have enron pipeline than $ 1 . 5 bln houston , nov . 29 , ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . chairman chuck watson said he would rather take over an enron pipeline than get back the $ 1 . 5 billion investment that entitles dynegy to the line . watson said dynegy expects to take over operation of the 16 , 500 - mile northern natural pipeline system by dec . 19 . chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , gave enron $ 1 . 5 billion to help the cash - strapped company stay in business . the investment , part of dynegy ' s plan to buy enron , was backed by the northern natural system . dynegy backed out of the merger yesterday , and said it would exercise its right to take over the line . watson said he hopes that northern natural employees will continue to operate the pipeline after dynegy takes ownership . italian banks fall on concern about enron exposure ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 29 14 : 20 ( new york ) italian banks fall on concern about enron exposure ( update 2 ) ( closes shares in second paragraph ; adds analyst comment from eighth , estimates of exposure in 10 th . ) milan , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - intesabci spa and unicredito italiano spa shares fell on investors ' concern that italian banks may not recoup money lent to units of enron corp . if the largest u . s . energy trader goes bankrupt . intesabci , italy ' s biggest bank , fell 2 . 4 percent to 2 . 75 euros while unicredito , the no . 2 lender , lost 1 . 9 percent to 4 . 24 euros . banca nazionale del lavoro spa , the nation ' s sixth - largest bank , dropped 1 . 4 percent to 2 . 55 . ` ` the theme of the day is to sell banks because they are exposed to enron , ' ' said daniele savare , who helps manage 120 million euros ( $ 106 million ) at bipielle asset management . ` ` in some cases , the reaction may be a bit overdone . ' ' dynegy inc . yesterday abandoned its proposed merger with enron , leaving the houston - based company burdened with debt and the likelihood of insolvency . some analysts said bankruptcy is inevitable and may come as early as today . a bankruptcy filing by enron , which reported more than $ 61 billion in assets , would be the biggest chapter 11 reorganization in history . ` ` i ' ve heard intesa is the most exposed , to the tune of between 400 billion and 500 billion lire ( $ 183 million - $ 229 million ) , ' ' said gianluca ferrari , who helps manage 260 million euros in stocks at banca valsabbina in brescia . gabrio gelmi , an intesa spokesman , confirmed enron is a client of the bank , though he declined to comment on the size of its exposure . luigi ferrari , a spokesman at san paolo - imi spa , said the exposure of italy ' s no . 3 bank was ` ` limited and under control . ' ' he declined to give an amount . diversified officials at unicredito , banca nazionale del lavoro and banca di roma spa were not immediately available for comment . ` ` it doesn ' t make sense to attribute the declines today purely to the enron exposure , ' ' said luca comi , head of research at eptasim . ` ` if it ' s just one company that ' s in trouble , banks are sufficiently diversified that the impact is very limited . ' ' comi said san paolo had told him enron had borrowed 80 million euros as part of a 120 million - euro credit line . of the loan , 50 million euros is guaranteed by enron assets , the analyst said . san paolo shares fell 1 percent to 12 . 41 euros . other banks have higher exposure to enron , such as 168 million euros for intesa , banca nazionale del lavoro ' s 142 million euros and 122 million euros at unicredito , investors said , citing analysts ' reports . argentine analysts , perez companc comment on tgs after enron 2001 - 11 - 29 15 : 55 ( new york ) buenos aires , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - eugenia benitez , an energy analyst at allaria ledesma & cia , esteban marx , an analyst at banco comafi , gustavo neffa , an analyst at bbva banco frances sa and mario grandinetti , head of perez companc ' s institutional relations , comment on the future of gas distributor transportadora de gas del sur sa . enron corp . , which together with perez companc owns 70 percent of tgs , may file for bankruptcy protection in the biggest bankruptcy reorganization in history . the move may force the largest u . s . energy trader to liquidate assets to pay some of its $ 15 billion in publicly held debt . eugenia benitez : ` ` the natural buyer is perez companc . there ' s definitely the possibility of reaching a deal that would make perez the only controlling shareholder of tgs . ` ` we would need to see how much tgs debt perez has . its debt profile is relevant . ` ` the acquisition would be another step in perez ' strategy of integrating all its operations in one holding . ' ' esteban marx : ` ` perez is the natural candidate , but i ' m not sure now is the right time for perez to pour money into tgs , unless it can get it really cheap . ' ' gustavo neffa : ` ` the only company that could make the sort of investment to by the tgs stake is perez companc , but its a huge investment given that tgs ' assets are worth about $ 1 billion . ` ` but it would definitely be the likely buyer . ' ' grandinetti : ` ` we ' re not permitted to buy enron ' s stake in tgs because of rules that prevent us having a majority stake . ` ` if the law is modified , then yes we would consider it . but there are also economic issues to consider . ' ' duke , williams among companies facing enron losses ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 29 16 : 23 ( new york ) duke , williams among companies facing enron losses ( update 2 ) ( updates total in second paragraph , adds closing stock price in ninth paragraph and analyst comment in paragraph 12 th and 20 th paragraphs . ) houston , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - duke energy corp . , j . p . morgan chase & co . , williams cos . and a dozen other companies together may lose more than $ 1 . 1 billion from the collapse of enron corp . electricity and natural gas companies said enron owed them about $ 660 million as of yesterday , when dynegy inc . abandoned a merger that deprived enron of cash it needs to avoid insolvency . j . p . morgan , the bank that was enron ' s adviser on the failed buyout , said it is owed $ 500 million for unsecured loans . losses may grow as companies tally their exposure from transactions with houston - based enron , the largest energy trader , with revenue last year of $ 100 billion . enron also manages power supply for companies such as j . c . penney co . and eli lilly & co . , and owns pipelines and a fiber - optic telecommunications network . some companies ` ` have positions that they ' re not owning up to , ' ' said peter fusaro , president of global change associates inc . , an energy research firm . ` ` enron had long - term deals on the books , and these may take years to sort out . how could they not have big exposure ? ' ' enron is poised to file the largest bankruptcy reorganization in history . the company is saddled with more than $ 15 billion in debt and had less than $ 2 billion in cash as of last week . it must pay $ 690 million to lenders by mid - december and is responsible for another $ 3 . 9 billion in debt owed by affiliated partnerships . the company ' s credit - rating was downgraded to junk status yesterday . ` ` considering enron ' s size and clout , there are very few companies in the energy business or electric utility companies that have not done business with them , ' ' said jon cartwright , a fixed - income analyst at raymond & james associates . ` ` i don ' t believe that everyone could have gotten out of their exposure . ' ' limited payments enron said yesterday it will continue payments necessary to maintain its trading and other core energy businesses , while suspending all others . it also resumed limited trading on its enrononline internet market , after shutting down most of yesterday . the new york mercantile exchange , the largest energy market , tightened trading restrictions on enron in a move that members said was made to limit the risk from any new business with the company . shares of enron fell 25 cents to 36 cents , compared with $ 70 a year ago . if enron is unable to pay all it owes , duke and williams said they would lose no more than $ 100 million each . duke , the largest u . s . utility owner , didn ' t stop trading with enron until yesterday , and warned that its earnings may be affected . ` ` we are closely monitoring this unfortunate situation to determine if a provision against earnings is appropriate , ' ' richard j . osborne , duke ' s executive vice president and chief risk officer , said in a statement today ` reassure investors ' energy companies that did business with enron are trying ` ` to reassure investors that they ' re not going to go belly up as a result of enron ' s demise , ' ' said gordon howald , an analyst at credit lyonnais securities inc . ` ` investors still need to be cautious about this industry , because there are a lot of unanswered questions . ' ' reliant resources inc . said it faces $ 80 million in losses from transactions with enron involving electricity and natural gas sales . dynegy said it faces $ 75 million in losses , though it plans to exercise its option under the buyout agreement to take the northern natural gas system in exchange for a $ 1 . 5 billion investment in enron . mirant corp . , an atlanta - based energy trader , said it would lose no more than $ 60 million . aquila inc . , american electric power co . and el paso corp . said each estimated their exposure to enron at $ 50 million . more losses centrica , the dominant u . k . natural - gas supplier , may write off contracts worth $ 43 million if enron fails , the company said in a statement . exelon corp . , owner of utilities in chicago and philadelphia , said its exposure is less than $ 20 million . dominion resources inc . , a power and gas utility said its exposure for past sales is $ 11 million . rwe , europe ' s fourth - biggest utility owner , said its open trading positions with enron are ` ` much less ' ' than $ 8 . 9 million . st . mary land and exploration co . , a denver - based natural - gas producer , said it has hedged $ 4 . 17 million of production with enron through 2003 . western gas resources inc . said it faces $ 2 . 6 million in possible losses . nrg energy inc . announced a potential liability of $ 10 million through its energy trading with enron , and plains resources inc . said its exposure through to the end of next year was about $ 630 , 000 . companies that did business with enron ` ` relied for the most part on the rating agencies ' ' to determine if enron was financially sound , credit lyonnais ' howald said . enron ` ` was investment grade , and they were solidly investment grade for some time . i don ' t think you can fault these companies for doing business with a company that represented 20 percent ' ' of the market . some companies , such as calpine corp . , said they had no exposure to enron . j . p . morgan has a $ 400 million loan secured by enron ' s transwestern and northern natural gas pipelines , the bank said . enron ' s problems aren ' t industry problems , felsinger tells cnbc 2001 - 11 - 29 16 : 33 ( new york ) san diego , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s problems are particular to the company and should not reflect on the energy industry , sempra energy group president donald felsinger said in an interview with financial news network cnbc . ` ` i ' ve really been surprised and impressed in how well the energy industry has responded with enron ' s problems , ' ' he said . ` ` the past month the energy players have stepped up and taken over positions that enron had , and the energy market today is working very well . ' ' felsinger said $ 15 million in business with enron isn ' t ` ` material ' ' and will not affect sempra energy ' s earnings this year or next year . california ' s senator dunn comments on possible enron bankruptcy 2001 - 11 - 29 17 : 03 ( new york ) sacramento , california , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - california state senator joseph dunn , chairman of a committee investigating possible price manipulation in the state ' s wholesale power market , comments on how an enron corp . bankruptcy would affect the probe : ` ` if we assume enron files for bankruptcy , either through liquidation or reorganization , our ability to deal with the corporate entity to get documents and access to witnesses will be overseen by a bankruptcy court , which means we have to jump through additional hoops and ladders to get the information we may require . ` ` substantively , it doesn ' t affect our investigation at all because the senate ' s investigation is not out to get anybody . we are tying to get a very thorough understanding of why we got into the mess we are in and whether any concrete legislative fixes in the wholesale market need to be taken . ` ` enron was a critical player in setting up the market that ultimately gave rise to the market power , which in my view is the ultimate cause of the energy crisis . ` ` there are some pluses and there are some minuses if we assume that enron disappeared from the energy trading market . it would create a void that would have to be filled by other players in the wholesale market . ` ` if those other players that fill that void do not currently posses market power , that ' s a good thing because the diffusion of market share , most economists will tell you , is one of the best ways to eliminate already existing market power . ` ` if enron goes into reorganization bankruptcy rather than liquidation , and they are purchased by one of the big players that currently possesses market power , then we are only going to complicate the crisis that we currently find ourselves in . ' ' cibc says it is owed $ 215 million by cash - strapped trader enron 2001 - 11 - 29 17 : 15 ( new york ) cibc says it is owed $ 215 million by cash - strapped trader enron toronto , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - canadian imperial bank of commerce , the country ' s third - biggest bank , said enron corp . owes it $ 215 million , more than half in unsecured loans , letters of credit and derivatives . cibc won ' t revise its fiscal 2002 forecast on loan - loss provisions because of enron ' s problems , the bank said in a statement distributed by pr newswire . cibc said monday it expected loan losses to be about 10 percent higher in the year ending oct . 31 from c $ 1 . 1 billion ( $ 695 . 8 million ) last year toronto - based cibc said it ' s owed about $ 115 million in unsecured items and $ 100 million in secured loans by enron . houston - based enron , once the biggest energy trader , may face bankruptcy after dynegy inc . withdrew a bid for the cash - strapped company . enron is poised to file the largest bankruptcy reorganization in history . the company has more than $ 15 billion in debt and had less than $ 2 billion in cash as of last week . shares of cibc rose c $ 1 to c $ 54 . 15 in toronto . it released the statement after north american markets closed . enron fell 25 cents to 36 cents . ` intelligent asset ' author bernstein comments on 401 ( k ) plans 2001 - 11 - 29 17 : 23 ( new york ) north bend , oregon , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - william j . bernstein , author of the investment book ` ` the intelligent asset allocator , ' ' comments on the disadvantages of corporate pension plans that hold company stock and place the responsibility and risk of managing retirement savings with employees . his comments follow the collapse of enron corp . , whose 401 ( k ) plan held 62 percent of assets in the energy trader ' s common and convertible preferred stock at the end of 2000 and restricted employees ' ability to sell . as of the end of 2000 , about $ 1 . 8 trillion was invested in 401 ( k ) plans serving 42 million u . s . workers , according to cerulli associates . investors in 401 ( k ) plans lost money last year for the first time since they were introduced in 1981 as stocks fell . ` ` maybe some good will come of ' ' enron ' s collapse in the way of national pension reform , said bernstein . ` ` it ' s never , ever prudent to put your company stock in your retirement plan . the overwhelming majority of plans allow it and a large plurality of them encourage it . a fairly significant minority of plans have very large amounts of company stock . you want to diversify your risks . if your company fails , at least you have a backstop . ' ' bernstein said individual investors ought to consider putting their retirement savings into a combination of low - cost mutual funds that track indexes for u . s . stocks and bonds and international stocks . ` ` the average person has as much business managing their own retirement as they do taking out their own appendix , ' ' said bernstein , a neurologist by profession . in addition , average 401 ( k ) plan expenses of 3 . 5 percent of assets exceed the projected annual returns of 3 percent from stocks in coming years after adjusting for inflation , meaning investors are facing zero long - term real gains , bernstein said . expenses are lower with traditional corporate pension plans , known as defined benefit plans because they guarantee a certain level of retirement benefits based on pay and years of service . ` ` the way defined contribution plans are currently set up there is not adequate controls on expenses . what you ' re really getting is an enormous transfer of wealth from plan participants to the financial services industry . this is an enormous social experiment that ' s been foisted upon us and it ' s going to be a failure , ' ' said bernstein . enron corp . has fourth - busiest day for a u . s . stock : table 2001 - 11 - 29 17 : 17 ( new york ) enron corp . has fourth - busiest day for a u . s . stock : table new york , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . had the fourth most - active day for a u . s . stock , with 264 . 9 million shares trading , according to preliminary figures from the new york stock exchange . enron fell 25 cents , or 41 percent , to 36 cents a share . yesterday , the stock set an all - time volume record after dynegy inc . abandoned a takeover bid , leaving the company that was once the largest energy trader without enough cash to pay its $ 15 billion in debt . the following is a list of stocks with the 10 highest one - day trading volumes in u . s . market history , according to data from the nyse and the nasdaq stock market . * t stock date volume ( in millions ) enron corp . nov . 28 , 2001 345 . 7 intel corp . sept . 22 , 2000 308 . 7 cisco systems inc . feb . 7 , 2001 281 . 6 enron nov . 29 , 2001 264 . 9 oracle corp . march 2 , 2001 224 . 0 cisco systems jan . 10 , 2001 213 . 0 jds uniphase corp . july 26 , 2000 200 . 4 cisco systems oct . 3 , 2001 196 . 5 worldcom inc . nov . 1 , 2000 195 . 5 exodus communications sept . 25 , 2001 193 . 1 * t enron corp . is poised to file largest - ever bankruptcy ( update 3 ) 2001 - 11 - 29 17 : 30 ( new york ) enron corp . is poised to file largest - ever bankruptcy ( update 3 ) ( adds investor comment in eighth paragraph . ) washington , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . is poised to file the largest bankruptcy reorganization in history after dynegy inc . scuttled plans to acquire the energy trader that is saddled with more than $ 15 billion in debt . enron , with less than $ 2 billion in cash as of last week , must pay $ 690 million to lenders by mid - december and is responsible for another $ 3 . 9 billion in debt owed by affiliated partnerships . the company ' s credit - rating was downgraded to junk status yesterday . houston - based enron ' s collapse was underscored by new restrictions on its operations . the new york mercantile exchange barred floor members from accepting orders from enron without special written authorization , and the company ' s internet trading was reduced from about 30 commodities to just natural gas , electricity and metals . a bankruptcy filing by enron , which investors said may come within a matter of days , would top texaco inc . ' s record $ 35 . 9 billion case in 1987 . creditors would be lining up to claim what ' s left of the company ' s more than $ 61 billion in assets . ` ` it ' s a black hole , ' ' said gary hindes , managing director of deltec asset management llc , which has no investment in enron . ` ` until the forensic accountants can get in there and sort things out , you just don ' t know what enron ' s worth . ' ' duke energy corp . , j . p . morgan chase & co . , williams cos . and a dozen other companies say they may lose more than $ 1 billion combined from enron ' s collapse . electricity and natural gas companies said enron owed them almost $ 600 million as of yesterday . european administrator in london , was appointed administrator of enron ' s european holding company and some of its operating companies , a step other companies have taken before filing chapter 11 papers in the u . s . ` ` if i were a betting man , enron going into chapter 11 in the next week is a bet i ' d make , ' ' said glen hilton , who helps manage $ 125 million , including dynegy shares , for montgomery asset management . enron shares have lost more than $ 26 billion in market value in the last seven weeks . they fell 25 cents , or 41 percent , to 36 cents . the shares traded at $ 54 . 54 on june 4 . enron bonds were bid at 23 cents on the dollar in late trading , little changed from yesterday , traders said . the debt had been near full value as recently as last month . quarterly dividend the company said this morning it was evaluating whether it will pay a scheduled 12 . 5 - cent quarterly dividend on dec . 20 . enron hired the law firm weil gotshal & manges llp , which has the nation ' s largest bankruptcy practice , and the blackstone group lp investment banking firm . arthur newman , head of restructuring at blackstone , said his firm was retained and declined to comment further . chapter 11 would let enron officials continue to control the company while negotiating a recovery plan with creditors . a provision of u . s . bankruptcy law automatically blocks debt - collection efforts , lawsuits and other actions against the company . ` ` a chapter 11 filing can be a great thing for a cash - starved company being attacked from all sides , ' ' said nancy rapoport , dean of the university of houston law center . thousands affected an enron bankruptcy would affect thousands of people , including the company ' s 21 , 000 employees , its customers , suppliers , investors and other creditors . the court - supervised recovery process would give enron a chance to change strategies and fix mistakes . it might take years to complete and may end in the company ' s liquidation . in addition to its energy trading operation , enron operates a nationwide gas pipeline system spanning 25 , 000 miles . it also owns portland general electric , which generates and distributes power to about 725 , 000 customers in the pacific northwest . the company ' s enron broadband services is building a global fiber - optic communications network . chapter 11 reorganization lets companies abandon onerous contracts and unprofitable leases . ` ` every bad business deal enron got into they ' ll walk away from , ' ' said peter chapman , a distressed - debt investor who also publishes newsletters on high - profile bankruptcy reorganizations . recovery the goal in chapter 11 is a recovery plan that allows a company to pay creditors and come out of bankruptcy . a plan typically must be approved by a majority of creditors representing two - thirds of a company ' s debts . then a company would ask a bankruptcy judge for final approval . the recovery plan divides a company ' s value among various classes of creditors . under a hierarchy set by the u . s . bankruptcy code , secured creditors - - those with collateral backing their claims - - are paid ahead of unsecured creditors , such as bondholders and suppliers . financial advisers to creditors and companies in large bankruptcies say a chapter 11 recovery plan for enron would be particularly difficult to produce . ` ` you have a host of intangible assets combined with a morass of contingent liabilities creating a potential witches ' brew of a bankruptcy , ' ' said jeff werbalowsky of houlihan lokey howard & zukin , an investment banking firm that has been contacted for advice by enron bondholders . shareholders enron ' s shareholders are likely to lose all of their investment in chapter 11 because they would be last in line to get paid . some recovery for enron creditors in a bankruptcy case may come from lawsuits , said russell a . belinsky , an investment banker with chanin capital partners , which also has been approached for advice by enron bondholders . ` ` there ' s a lot of juicy legal issues , ' ' said belinsky . potential targets include enron ' s accounting firm and its officers and directors . ` ` disentangling all the pieces in a reorganization is going to be a painstaking job . ' ' liability dynegy might face some liability for cancelling its purchase of enron . dynegy invoked terms of the buyout agreement that gave it the right to purchase an enron natural gas pipeline if the takeover fell apart . dynegy received the right to the pipeline in exchange for a $ 1 . 5 billion investment in enron by chevrontexaco corp . , which owns one - fourth of dynegy . enron might use bankruptcy to prevent dynegy from walking away from the buyout and claiming ownership to the pipeline . the dynegy acquisition , valued at $ 23 billion when it was proposed on nov . 9 , collapsed as bankers failed to raise the $ 1 . 5 billion enron needed to operate until the deal was completed . the lack of funds and a credit downgrade contributed to dynegy ' s decision . bankers led by j . p . morgan chase & co . vice chairman james b . lee tried for two weeks to raise the cash enron needed . investors turned them down because of heightened concern enron wouldn ' t be able to pay its debts . unraveling enron ' s unraveling began in october after it said shareholders ' equity was reduced by $ 1 . 2 billion because of the way the company accounted for outside partnerships it created . the announcement prompted lawsuits and an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission , and enron ended up restating earnings for almost five years . as shares plunged , enron ' s trading partners lost confidence the company would have the cash to pay bills . trading partners such as mirant corp . either demanded more collateral to trade or restricted trading with the company . ` ` the situation is dire , ' ' said deltec ' s hindes . ` ` no one ' s going to trade with enron right now because you could wind up being an unsecured creditor tomorrow . ' ' 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: meds doing cheap hop so act like you hear me cause i ' m hollerin ' at chu i ' m looking ' at chu me and my girls and your homeboy ' s too so act like you hear me cause i ' m hollerin ' at chu go ! cried zeb ; and at the word the two horses leaped forward and the race was begun diskografske thudgelmir a 7 skejdbrimir  
2	Subject: wayne mays i spoke with wayne . he was reporting to brian redmond . he is now reporting to me . he is happy with that . he has 10 direct reports . i will notify hr , accounting , etc . of the change unless you want me to hold off . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: do you want a watch ? http : / / ezs . nepel . com 
2	Subject: el paso order on complaint attached is a summary of the el paso order issued today on amoco / burlington and kn marketing complaints confirming the unjust manner of allocation and directing el paso to revise its method according to a ferc - created formula . 
2	Subject: respondent khan , @ , % 247 } - online doctorz ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! and other popular meds . . valium _ xxanax _ cialis ) http : / / www . theexpire 545 drugs . biz / b 32 / - - broach , ivan just smiled .  
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 5 / 3 / 01 please increase deliveries into eastrans to 10 , 000 mmbtu / dy effective 5 / 3 / 01 . the redeliveries will be 10 , 000 mmbtu / dy into the cartwheel . 
2	Subject: peoples energy / ubs in a strategic move to provide relative probability to moving enovate ( jv with peoples energy ) to ubs , i believe it is critical to show peoples our support of the office in chicago . the potential of this outcome increases two fold , by ensuring gregg penman and richard tomaski are employees of ubs . neither received an offer due to decisions made outside my control . we have now given odds that enovate will move into newco or be sold to a third party . i believe this outcome is disheartening to all of us involved . it was my goal to salvage as much of the pec relationship as possible and meetings held in chicago this week were essential as a first step . i have continued to believe in this business model whether with peoples or elsewhere and i belive strongly that gregg and richard are essential staff . they " know " how to run it and none of our competitors have suceeded in this business . . my team believed in a business model and followed through in relocating their families , setting up a business with a " real " customer ( that enron all to often discounted ) and created something that a significant list of third parties want to buy ( bp amoco , oxy , sempra , pancanadian , el paso , sempra , cms , duke , and dynegy ) . this relationship has created over $ 130 mm dollars of mtm for enron without consideration of the information trading obtained . this was not a transaction , but a business . my recommendation for gregg and richard is to immediately provide an offer that requires a non - compete of 1 year with consideration of $ 60 , 000 at 6 months and $ 60 , 000 at one year , with the promise of stock in year 2 . we do not want these guys at a competitor or with newco . no one else in the industry has the ability to run as quickly as we will if we have this team together . you can hold me to that . i can be reached at home at 713 / 528 - 9854 . laura 
2	Subject: more good devon stuff ! ! ! ! hey ami , did devon ever give us an answer on this ? thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by victor lamadrid / hou / ect on 06 / 07 / 2000 06 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - victor lamadrid 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 31 pm to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect , alvin thompson / corp / enron @ enron , victoria versen / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : june availabilities hey ami , we have a little issue on transco regarding devon production . does your contact @ devon know if we are responsible for scheduling pvr for them . please read note below and let me know if we need to talk to anyone on our side . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by victor lamadrid / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : beverly beaty on 05 / 22 / 2000 11 : 45 am to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : june availabilities fyi , transco has called wanting to know who is responsible for nominating devon ' s pvr . we do not have access to their contracts to do the noms . ces use to have transco do it for them and so did we for january and february , but nothing was nominated for march or april . i mentioned this to nelson and dan junek back in march , but nothing was decided . at one time , devon did not want to give us access to nominate their pvr because they did not want us to have access to any of their information . could you find out if we are responsible for the pvr and if we are , they have to make us agent to nominate on those particular contracts ? maybe you will have better luck than i did . thanks , bev 
2	Subject: re : please check i ' ve already done the usual . as i told you before , we don ' t have the tapes here . you make the decision if you want to order them for the $ 40 spread . still working on the other deals you asked about . the answers are out of my realm , so i have an appointment with risk to find out what ' s happening and why we ' re seeing things ' calc ' d ' at the apparent correct price when they are in enpower at an incorrect price . virginia - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 3 : 17 pm to : thompson , virginia subject : re : please check we could pull tapes ? ask the person who did the deal ? there is nothing in notebooks . any word on the bom pma ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thompson , virginia sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 3 : 09 pm to : williams iii , bill cc : symes , kate subject : fw : please check bill - can you think of any other means to find out if this deal that we have in the system is good ? virginia - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thompson , virginia sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 3 : 07 pm to : robinson , rhonda ; williams , gwendolyn cc : clemons , amy ; sims , paul ; lew , elsie ; confer , mark ; hyde , godfrey ; werner , joy subject : please check dear settlements coordinators , i ' d like to ask a favor . . . could you guys please check your counterparties to see if anyone has a dispute on 3 - 14 - 01 regarding a purchase or sale of 40 mw at he 3 ? sincere thanks , virginia 
2	Subject: wti simulation presentation - the latest john , this is the updated presentation for the open - close assumption . i will finish the close - close ( continuous trading ) case . zimin 
2	Subject: new tw price points we ' ve submitted the following to omaha for purposes of the 637 compliance filing . if you have any questions or concerns regarding this schedule , you ' ll need to let those folks know asap inasmuch as they ' ll be filing this by noon monday . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron on 08 / 11 / 2000 10 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : susan scott 08 / 11 / 2000 10 : 03 am to : maria pavlou / et & s / enron @ enron , mary darveaux / et & s / enron @ enron cc : jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron subject : new tw price points here is a chart cross - referencing gas daily price points with points of tw , for purposes of imbalance valuation . if you have questions call jeff or me . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan scott / et & s / enron on 08 / 11 / 2000 10 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jeffery fawcett 08 / 11 / 2000 09 : 59 am to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : new tw price points susan , as requested in yesterday ' s meeting , lindy and i came up with the attached matrix of prices for purposes of valuing tw imbalances . let me know if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: re : research and development charges to gpg vera : in studying the below information , if i am understanding it correctly , only $ 199 . 7 was to be reversed back to the research group and it should have occurred in july . do you not notice this entry either ? please let me know . thanks ! shirley crenshaw - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 08 / 10 / 2000 02 : 25 pm to : vera apodaca / et & s / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : research and development charges to gpg vera , we shall talk to the accounting group about the correction . vince 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm vera apodaca @ enron vera apodaca @ enron vera apodaca @ enron 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : research and development charges to gpg per mail dated june 15 from kim watson , there was supposed to have occurred a true - up of $ 274 . 7 in july for the fist six months of 2000 . reviewing july actuals , i was not able to locate this entry . would you pls let me know whether this entry was made , if not , when do you intend to process it . thanks . 
2	Subject: low - priced prescripiton drvgs marginal mixup coadjutor allegheny silver get all your prescriptions in one location ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now maxwellian dosage baptismal  
2	Subject: farm girls know crazy farmmm zoooligacal sexcccy come visit the farm . . . . . . sick animal sex horses and cows . http : / / www . spunk animals farm / forums / index . php check out these girls and there zoo lick nme lassie out  
2	Subject: re : california update - - 08 . 27 . 01 i will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the california market . if anyone has any specific questions before then , please call me at 713 - 853 - 7673 . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dasovich , jeff sent : monday , august 27 , 2001 8 : 26 pm to : kean , steven j . ; kingerski , harry ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; blachman , jeremy ; gahn , scott ; belden , tim ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; steffes , james d . ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa subject : california update - - 08 . 27 . 01 the california puc loretta lynch held a press conference in sacramento today to discuss changes to the commission ' s previously released proposal regarding direct access and the rate agreement between the puc and dwr . in the amended proposal discussed and distributed today , direct access would end retroactive to july 1 . customers with contracts executed as of july 1 would would remain direct access customers . the legislature the assembly version of the senate mou ( sb 78 ) has not yet been reviewed and voted on in the committee . it is scheduled to be reviewed and voted on at 6 : 30 pm pdt today . amendments on direct access were released this afternoon ( based on negotiations between davis ' office and business customers ) : customers who have consistently been da since may 2000 , including those " involuntarily " returned to bundled service , would be exempt from charges for edison ' s undercollection , dwr ' s forward contracts , and dwr - related exit fees , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customers who have consistently been on da between may 2000 and jan 17 , 2001 would be exempt from charges for edison ' s undercollection , dwr ' s forward contracts and dwr - realted exit fees , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customers who have been on da between jan 17 , 2001 and august 24 , 2001 would be exempt from exit fees related to dwr forward contracts , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customer ' s leaving after august 24 th would not qualify for exemptions . there is considerable work underway to make the august 24 th date the deadline for contract execution , rather than the date by which the customer must be dasr ' d , in order to qualify for the exemptions . direct access would not be suspended , however , until 90 days after the bill is signed by davis ( if he signs it ) , i . e . , the " effective date " of the bill . so anyone going to direct access between aug 24 and the effective date would not qualify for any exemptions . after the 90 - day period , da would be suspended until 1 . 1 . 03 . self - gen in service consistently from may 200 to august 24 would be exempt from edison ' s undercollection and dwr charges . self - gen that submitted an application to the energy commission by august 24 would be exempt from dwr charges beginning the date that the self - gen comes on line . self - gen that comes on line after august 24 would be exempt from dwr charges beginning the date that the self - gen comes on line , but the total number of exempt mws in this category would be limited to 250 mws per year , on a first - come - first - serve basis . at least 30 % of any increases in net short due to increases in demand would be reserved for self gen . 
2	Subject: re : vacation shirley , no problem . vince shirley crenshaw 01 / 09 / 2001 10 : 24 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vacation vince : if it is allright , i would like to take the following days as vacation days : friday , january 12 friday , february 2 anita will be here . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: fw : highly confidential can i add ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : devries , paul sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 3 : 27 pm to : killen , faith ; milnthorp , rob subject : fw : highly confidential sensitivity : confidential there is an admin asst . superstar named rosselli sipin currently working for enron direct in ontario , but doing alot of work for enron canada . she is a definite keeper . please add her to the list if that is possible . . . . . cheers , paul d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 3 : 26 pm to : colwell , wes ; webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; bradford , william s . ; oxley , david ; haedicke , mark e . cc : lavorato , john ; neal , scott ; vickers , frank ; luce , laura ; shively , hunter s . ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; redmond , brian ; martin , thomas a . ; lagrasta , fred ; arnold , john ; belden , tim ; calger , christopher f . ; duran , w . david ; milnthorp , rob ; devries , paul ; presto , kevin m . ; davis , dana subject : highly confidential sensitivity : confidential this list is extremely confidential _ distribution is forbidden . the support list is attached for newco . the groups you are each responsible for are checking and retaining are : - colwell - accounting , sap , transaction support , treasury & cash , tax legal - haedicke hr - oxley market risk and research - lavorato webb - all it apart from infrastructure rub - infrastructure credit - bradford operations - bob hall canada - milnthorp eol support - webb mexico - wes there are some people on these lists who may currently think they are without a position please ensure on behalf of all of your group , that these people reamin with the company for the purposes of newco . all comments to faith killen by email by 4 pm . louise 
2	Subject: v / i / a / g / r / a will do it generic cialis ( regalis ) , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . quite a difference . cialis is known as a super - v?agra or weekend - v?agra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / 888 - luvu . com / cia / ? sashok - - - - - the link below is for those who hate spam . . . http : / / 888 - luvu . com / rm . html -   - 
2	Subject: wharton guys - - first of all , louise , i understand we have a baby ? ? congratulations ! ! ( details please , at your earliest chance ) regarding the wharton e - business initiative ( see below for one of the many emails i ' ve received concerning enron ' s participation - - link to the referenced web site for specific agenda ; also , i ' ve received several voice messages from leaders of the effort ) . the information below discusses one of the forums ( coming up 5 / 31 - 6 / 1 ) that comprise an on - going e - business initiative in which enron has invested with wharton . the participants from wharton include senior level professors ; while there may be some student involvement , the intentional focus is high level discussion and research endeavors at the professorial level . other participants in webi are corporate representatives . the idea is for the professors to offer their latest research issues , promote discussions among the corporate participants to talk through the professors research and other research in the literature , as well as for the professors to listen for new areas for which commercial ebusinesses are seeking new research . again , this is intentionally designed as a high level professor participation on the wharton side , and high level e - business corporate executives on the other side . this is intentionally designed to create a high - level ' e - think - tank ' environment for senior level professors and corporate executives . o . k . . . . . have i labored enough to describe what webi is all about ? ? as opposed to the several other efforts enron university affairs has to directly increase enron ' s favorability and familiarity on campus at levels above recruiting , but that ultimately trickle down to recruiting , this is intentionally a research / discussion effort . clearly , the enron brand equity in dealing with professors is that the professors ultimately incorporate work from information from the participatory forums into their class teachings , references , course work , etc . a few weeks ago , louise and i breifly chatted about enron ' s involvement in this effort . clearly , there is a huge interest by the wharton professors and other corporate participants involved to have enron attend and participate - - - they quite respectfully call me and email me very frequently . . . . . . . all of this is very interesting to me and i have shepherded our minimal involvement - in - fact . . . . . . . . yet the question remains : is there someone at enron , directly involved in enron ' s ebusiness initiatives , interested in jumping into this effort and participating ? do those of you involved in these businesses think it worth your time and expense , or the time and expense of one of your senior ( at least director level ) people to participate ? would it be viewed , at least at this time , simply as an " enron brain drain " ( i ' ve received this realistic and possibly quite legitimate concern from more than one business person at enron ) . the bottom line is , i ' d like to be able to respond intelligently and honestly to those at wharton committed to this effort . i feel more than comfortable telling wharton that , at this time , enron is satisfied to participate in the webi effort largely at the financial level it has already invested - - with the option to participate at other levels in the future , at enron ' s discretion . all comments solicited - - - - many thanks ! ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 21 / 2001 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hartleyr on 05 / 21 / 2001 03 : 03 : 44 pm to : " ' christie _ patrick @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : icg / wharton forum meeting may 31 - june 1 christie , lee goldring , our new forum director mentioned that he placed a call to you to introduce himself and follow up on enron ' s representation at the next meeting . i ' m emailing this information to you to alert you to the situation since i do not think you would want enron to go unrepresented at the next meeting . to date , no one from enron has registered for the forum sponsored online conversion workshop , the forum meeting on 5 / 31 or the members only meeting on 6 / 1 . please note that the " from browsers to buyers : online conversion workshop " on may 30 th is purely optional in case some folks from enron are interested in attending . since the forum is co - sponsoring the workshop - - webi affiliated registrants will not be charged the $ 495 registration fee as an added benefit for their sponsorship . here are all the relevent links to the forum agenda and registration sites for your convenience : forum agenda : http : / / webi . wharton . upenn . edu / meetingnotes / m _ n _ 5 _ 01 . asp forum registration site : http : / / ecom . wharton . upenn . edu / conferencereg / reg . asp from browsers to buyers : online conversion workshop : please let me know if there ' s anything i can help you with . best regards , robin robin hartley associate director wharton electronic business initiative university of pennsylvania vance hall - room 415 3733 spruce street philadelphia , pa 19104 tel ( 215 ) 898 - 4158 / fax ( 215 ) 898 - 1905 hartleyr @ wharton . upenn . edu http : / / webi . wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: you ' re order has been sent . save up to 80 % off all retail meds . we have the pain relief you want . no waiting and no hassles . no prescriptions or appointments . fast discreet shipping to your door . isn ' t it time you stopped by ? click here to see the selection .  
2	Subject: gdm organizational announcement we are pleased to announce the following organization changes within enron north america ( ena ) . effective monday , october 29 , 2000 , connie sutton joined strategic information management . connie will be responsible for analyzing and recommending business process changes as they relate to risk . connie will report directly to joel henenberg . effective wednesday , november 1 , 2000 , kim theriot , along with her current responsibilities in ena , has assumed the additional responsibilities for off - system natural gas global contracts , financial contracts and global facilities . linda bryan , manager of global contracts and global facilities , along with financial contracts will report to kim . karen lambert will continue to support global enrononline reporting to steve venturatos . mike eiben will assume the additional responsibilities of manager of global rates reporting to steve venturatos . mike will also continue in his current role of manager of hpl - related global contracts and global facilities , reporting to leslie reeves and hpl related regulatory reporting and unify system enhancements reporting to bob hall . steve venturatos will remain responsible for the global portion of enrononline , global rates and global outsourcing groups . 
2	Subject: - complimentary computer - sony vaio laptop  
2	Subject: re : real options openings ? shirley , austin . please , set up an interview with me , stinson , zimin , vasant , grant , paulo , krishna . sometimes next week . let ' s make it a formal interview ( coordinated through elizabeth grant ) . vince shirley crenshaw 05 / 08 / 2000 09 : 27 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : real options openings ? vince : is this gentleman in houston ? when do you want to bring him over - next week ? thanks ! vince j kaminski 05 / 08 / 2000 09 : 25 am to : christopher m kenyon @ enron cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : real options openings ? chris , we shall make arrangements to bring you over for an interview . our hr department will contact you later this week . vince christopher m kenyon on 05 / 05 / 2000 07 : 56 : 11 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : real options openings ? dear vince kaminski , i was auditing prof dyer ' s real options class on thursday when you spoke on enron ' s activities in this area . i would be interested in exploring the possibility of joining the group that works on real options in response to and in anticipation of enron ' s business requirements . i ' m currently working in the development and application of real options methodology at schlumberger . in particular i ' ll be speaking at an industry real options valuation conference in london ( http : / / www . iqpc . co . uk / finance / rov / ) and i just had the paper accepted for publication in operations research . could you pass my resume on to the relevant people to have a look at ? thanks in advance , chris kenyon - cmkenyon _ cv _ mayo 0 . doc 
2	Subject: lyman is the paper ready yet ? viaaaaagra never heard of lowest prices anywhere . for a buck and a half you can win ! give it to her . you can do it . she ' s not gonna wait around for ya if u don ' t . caan ' t do . . . visage collagen areawide sank catalysis algorithm millie plus siderite hangman marquis dahlia crosswalk plasmon elope incubate alchemy bartlett bulgaria arch yoghurt barefaced threat safeguard dilution delilah . flanagan alumna coliform implicit inflicter mend knowledge coercible cutworm desk censure domicile glenn wv dilute isomorph ablution badge dampen osiris mural francine schizophrenic paleozoic billow morrissey colette cuisine conduce wasn ' t balm simplify courtyard lattice ada talismanic keynes felon studious .  
2	Subject: epson lx 300 + dot matrix printer $ 134 . 00 $ 134 . 00 lx 300 plus dot matrix printer - fast and durable 9 pin impact dot matrix printer . - handles up to 5 part forms ( 1 original + 4 copies ) - fast 337 characters per . second ( 12 cpi high speed draft ) - versatile top , bottom and rear paper paths . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: state by state list of girls that want to sneak around on their spouse nation ' s largest inventory of cheeeatttiting women . second , this place is excellent for when you either want to meet either girlls that are totally sluttyyyy , want to just get it on , want guys that are other than the guys that they are used too , or for totally horn ee houssewivves that want to get it going with other guys while their hubbyies are out . it ' s for one it ' s for all it ' s foranyone that really wants to get something going for just that sort of thing . ok now check this out . . . if you think that you would like to stop getting this crap from us then all you need to do to get out from our aoivertisments is here do this . so don ' t doubt me . or you will get very terrible warts . and have intestinal parasites that cause explosive diahreeeha . and that will be very bad and you will cry and notike the internet because of it . thank you and have a very nice day with yourself . sincerely and catch you later .  
2	Subject: lina - age 23 - tel aviv , israel daggermove me  
2	Subject: hi weird open dirty presence climb private aunt , resolved holding achieve may tuesday condition super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce - -   - - ciick here to check out - -   - - without sweet spoke herself  
2	Subject: re your winning ebay auction . ihqhdgbmxpanib r . s learn to make a fortune with ebay ! complete turnkey system software - videos - turorials click here for information click here if you would not like to receive future mailings .  
2	Subject: re : error repairs the pricing for the base deal is based on the gd , but it ' s the average of the gas daily plus . 02 , right ? and i was told that sitara could not handle this pricing structure , that it had to be calculated and entered as a fixed price . is this correct ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : friday , august 17 , 2001 3 : 19 pm to : vela , valerie subject : re : error repairs valerie , the pricing on the base deal should also be based on gd . i have changed the price to gdp . let me know if that doesn ' t correct that piece . jay is currently looking into the volume issue . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vela , valerie sent : friday , august 17 , 2001 2 : 55 pm to : smith , joseph cc : farmer , daren j . subject : re : error repairs jay , for june , i need a couple of things changed in sitara : deal 819592 - the commodity price needs to be 3 . 6318 deal 819594 - the commodity price needs to be waha . hub . gdp . d . a + . 02 and for july . . . . . . . . . . . . it looks like we ' re missing some volume . . . . . . . . . . . . deal 895651 - baseload deal - should have 55 , 000 per day allocated . and in sitara this deal should be priced at $ 3 . 0505 . deal 895691 - swing deal - currently has 234 , 000 in the scheduled column and it should be 441 , 000 based on the spreadsheet i sent . did you have some conflicting volumes ? i ' m resending what the volumes should be . and the pricing for this should be at waha . hub . gdp . d . a + . 02 . > i think that should do if for now . i ' ll wait to see how these changes come across . please notify me when these changes have been made . thanks ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vela , valerie sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 3 : 44 pm to : smith , joseph subject : re : error repairs thanks ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : smith , joseph sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 3 : 44 pm to : vela , valerie subject : re : error repairs the errors have also been repaired for the month of july . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vela , valerie sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 12 : 58 pm to : smith , joseph subject : re : error repairs thank you - - - i ' ll look for this change to come across . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : smith , joseph sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 1 : 56 pm to : vela , valerie subject : error repairs valerie , in reference to a note sent to darren farmer : houston pipleline mistake on june 18 th the volume of 50 , 000 for deal 819594 was a mistake . the proper value was 30 , 000 just as you had mentioned . everything should now be fixed . please let me know if you need anything else . thanks , jay smith 
2	Subject: cannon interest may 2000 purchase reminder . . . this payment is due tomorrow . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenny j soignet / hou / ect on 05 / 19 / 2000 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kenny j soignet 05 / 01 / 2000 11 : 02 am to : lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , george grant / hou / ect @ ect , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect , cassandra moses / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cannon interest may 2000 purchase the storage book book will purchase 788 , 354 mmbtu ' s from cannon interest on may 1 , 2000 @ $ 3 . 08 . daren - please enter texas purchase from cannon interest and a texas sale to the storage book in the sitara . george and aimee - please coordinate with daren so your entries are entered on the same day . mary - the contract agreement , i assume , is already in place . lisa , rita , & stephanie - please be sure the payment of $ 2 , 428 , 130 . 32 is wired to cannon interest @ the corrected aba on may 20 th . if i missed anyone who needs this information , please forward it . thanks , kenny 
2	Subject: exmar credit john , bill bradford is on vacation . i passed your question regarding exmar credit rating to debbie brackett . vince 
2	Subject: fw : calpine - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cox , chip sent : tuesday , june 26 , 2001 2 : 38 pm to : linder , eric subject : calpine 
2	Subject: notice : congrats . you have been accepted we tried to contact you earlier about flnancing your home at a lower rate . we would like to let you know that we have gone ahead and started the approval process , here are the results : * negotiable amount : $ 150 , 000 - $ 400 , 000 * rate : 4 . 95 % - 5 . 25 % please fill out this form and a broker will contact you soon . processing form best regards , helen jackson , account manager - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - no future contact : no thanks  
2	Subject: kick - off meeting for the tw dashboard please attend a meeting on tuesday , 1 / 30 from 1 : 00 - 2 : 30 in the eb 4102 / oma 696 to discuss the development / implementation of the tw dashboard . we will give a presentation of the marketing dashboard and then have a brainstorming session on the possible types of information each of you need to manage your day - to - day business . we would like to make sure everyone is using the new dashboard so please click here to access - http : / / nahou - wwrmso 2 p . ets . enron . com / . your id and password are the same as your current logonid ( ex . llindber for lorraine ) . please click on the nng tab and think about which of those categories as well as what additional type of information you would like on the tw tab . we are expecting to kick off the requirements phase of your pipeline profile next month so we will also give you a quick presentation of the nng pipeline profile that has been developed . please contact myself at x 3 - 7275 or bobby mason at x 3 - 5196 is you have any questions or if you are unable to attend . thanks ! martha 
2	Subject: gq magazine : do you need someone to share with this is a multi - part message in mime format . - - - - - - _ 001 _ 4070 _ 07 q 34 op 3 . 20 kp 9781 content - type : text / plain ; charset  utf - 8 content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit http : / / secret . golosko . com / dc 3 r . html u ^ n . l _ i - s * t http : / / bloodshed . golosko . com / nothanks . php ion marketing limited d 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels west hong kong elysee bolshoi chin compelled olsen maneuver bronchiole myself septum diamagnetism sneeze deed mellow capstone configuration clot hutchinson meaty woodwind inadvisable gospel cossack textbook darwin artemisia alexis gimmickry - - - - - - _ 001 _ 4070 _ 07 q 34 op 3 . 20 kp 9781 content - type : text / html ; charset  utf - 8 content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit centera href  http : / / gnaw . golosko . com / dc 3 r . htmlimg src  http : / / manville . golosko . com / pics / 72 . jpg / a / center brbrbrbr centera href  http : / / yarrow . golosko . com / nothanks . phpu ^ n . l _ i - s * t / a / center brbrbrbr centerion marketing limitedbrd 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels westbrhong kong / centerbrbrbr stealth aquinas traffic illume vehicle pesticide huntington opportune fever affiance chaste vasectomy text mattson mythic postulate declare crowley meld babysitting dune phonemic anaconda precipitable incompressible annular ambient - - - - - - _ 001 _ 4070 _ 07 q 34 op 3 . 20 kp 9781 - -  
2	Subject: netco required contracts counterparty agreements : isda master agreement ( or relevant gtc ) physical power master ( or relevant gtc ) physical gas master ( or relevant gtc ) master netting agreements ( as required ) online password applications online electronic trading agreements parent company guarantees brokerage agreements ( 2 to 6 ) regarding nymex trading activities with brokers to be identified by traders nymex matters ( if nymex seat is transferred in the transaction ) transfer application and agreements abc agreements between netco and seat holders guarantee from a clearing member nymex access applications , user agreements , guarantee , etc . ferc power marketing certificate application to be filed immediately upon formation of netco banking relationships account agreements employment contracts ( ? ) software licenses ( see schedules to purchase agreement ) power transmission agreements ( see attached spreadsheet ) pipeline pooling arrangements and interruptible transportation agreements ( see memos from jeff hodge ) 
2	Subject: your membership community charset  iso - 8859 - 1 your membership community & commentary ( august 3 , 2001 ) it ' s all about making money information to provide you with the absolute best low and no cost ways of providing traffic to your site , helping you to capitalize on the power and potential the web brings to every net - preneur . - - - this issue contains sites who will trade links with you ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - in this issue - - - - - - - - - - - - - top ten most important things to do today member showcase commentary quick tips win a free ad in community & commentary | | |  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  > > today ' s special announcement : | | |  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  > > right now , this week only - we have left over inventory , it ' s unsold , but not for long . if you could use 1 million banner ads all targeted and dirt cheap go here today . this package is guaranteed ! ! it ' s tough to fail when you can show your ad to 1 , 000 people for less than a buck ! a free custom banner will be made for you with this deal ! | | |  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  > > you are a member in at least one of these programs - you should be in them all ! http : / / www . bannersgomlm . com http : / / www . profitbanners . com http : / / www . cashpromotions . com http : / / www . mysiteinc . com http : / / www . . com http : / / www . freelinksnetwork . com http : / / www . myshoppingplace . com http : / / www . bannerco - op . com http : / / www . putpeel . com http : / / www . putpeel . net http : / / www . sellinternetaccess . com http : / / www . be - your - own - isp . com http : / / www . seventhpower . com  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  top ten most important things to do today  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  top ten most important things to do today by michael e . angier this is my list . they ' re the ones i ' ve selected for my life at present . consider them suggestions for yourself - - ideas to help you generate your own top ten list . by getting clear on and acting upon your most important steps , you ' ll be moving toward and experiencing your highest and best . 1 . practice gratefulness . reflect upon the things in my life for which i ' m grateful . if i appreciate more of what i have , i will have even more to appreciate . 2 . write out my three most important goals and visualize how my life will be when i have achieved them . feel it . experience it in as much sensory detail as i can possibly imagine . 3 . take some action steps toward each of the three goals . 4 . exercise my body and monitor carefully what i eat and drink . reduce fat and caloric intake while expending more calories . eat only small amounts at one time . 5 . read something educational , inspirational or entertaining - - preferably all three . 6 . meditate . empty my conscious mind and listen to the super - conscious . 7 . have fun doing something i love to do . experience joy . 8 . write something - - anything . if not an article or part of my book , then write in my journal . 9 . perform some act of kindness . do a thoughtful , magnanimous thing - - anonymously if possible . 10 . finish something . do something i can call complete . bonus step : make something work better - - practice ads : automate , delegate and systemize . copyright 2001 michael angier & success networks international . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - about the author . . . michael angier is the founder and president of success networks . success net ' s mission is to inform , inspire and empower people to be their best - - personally and professionally . download their free ebooklet , keys to personal effectiveness from http : / / www . successnet . org / keys . htm . free subscriptions , memberships , books and successmark cards are available at http : / / www . successnet . org  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  member showcase  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  examine carefully - those with email addresses included will trade links with you . . . you are encouraged to contact them . there are many ways to build a successful business - just look at these successful sites & programs other members are involved in . . . * * * * * * * * free cd - rom software * * * * * * * * * over 1000 high quality software titles on cd - rom absolutely free ! yes , the software is free , ( s / h ) click here : http : / / www . adreporting . com / at . cgi ? a  156074 & e  / 2 / stop smoking - free lesson ! ! discover the secret to stopping smoking . to master these powerful techniques , come to http : / / www . breath - of - life . net for your free lesson . act now ! p . s . tell someone you care about . trade links - jturco 3 @ hotmail . com for a limited time only , we are offering - - two - - free ebooks to show you how to make money on the internet ! use our proven , duplicatable methods to get in on this exploding opportunity now ! visit us at : http : / / www . abundance - group . com to collect your free offers ! trade links - gina @ abundancegroup . com life without debt ! what would you do with 5 , 000 10 , 000 20 , 000 100 , 000 ? a " dream team " of heavy hitters are gathering to promote life without debt . get in now to receive massive spillover in the 2 x matrix . http : / / trafficentral . com / lwd / index . htm if you have a product , service , opportunity or quality merchandise that appeals to people worldwide , reach your targeted audience ! for a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you can exhibit your website here , and trade links for only $ 8 cpm . compare that to the industry average of $ 10 - $ 15 cpm . why ? . . . because as a valuable member we want you to be successful ! order today - showcases are limited and published on a first come , first serve basis . for our secure order form , click here : http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  commentary quick tips  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  website recommendation : here is a site with some useful tips . example - test your internet connection speed . http : / / www . camscape . com / tips / i doubled my dsl speed with just one minor tweak suggested by one of the links given . submitted by f . knopke imco @ telusplanet . net ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ do you have a marketing hint , product recommendation , or online gem of wisdom you ' d like to share with your fellow subscribers ? with your 2 - 10 line quick tip include your name and url or email address and we ' ll give you credit for your words of wisdom . and , if you ' re looking for free advertising , this isn ' t the place - check out the ' one question survey ' below for a great free advertising offer . send it in to mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com with ' quick tip ' in the subject block .  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  win a free ad in community & commentary  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  to keep this interesting , how about this , every month we ' ll draw a name from the replies and that person will win one sponsorship showcase in the community & commentary , for free . that ' s a value of over $ 800 . 00 ! respond to each weekly survey , and increase your chances to win with four separate entries . question of the week ( 08 / 03 / 01 ) . . . no right or wrong answers , and just by answering you are entered to win a sponsorship showcase - free ! ~ ~ ~ how many email messages do you get per day ? ~ ~ ~ less than 40 mailto : one @ aeopublishing . com 41 - 100 mailto : two @ aeopublishing . com 101 - 300 mailto : three @ aeopublishing . com 301 - 1000 mailto : four @ aeopublishing . com more than 1000 mailto : five @ aeopublishing . com to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the hyperlinked answer to send us an e - mail - you do not need to enter any information in the subject or body of the message . * * add your comments ! follow directions above and add your comments in the body of the message , and we ' ll post the best commentaries along with the responses . you will automatically be entered in our drawing for a free sponsorship ad in the community & commentary . please respond only one time per question . multiple responses from the same individual will be discarded . last weeks ' s survey results paid the fees ; and , promptly assigned my www . schoolofgeomatics . com address to a porn shop . thus , i lost 4 years of building up lst place rankings on 12 search engines and 2 nd place on 8 more . this set me back about 4 months : i believe i lost a minimum of $ 50 , 000 . i have also been hit with viruses about 10 times . the first time i lost almost 4 months of work . now , i back up often enough to not to lose so much time . this is also internet theft . these people are nothing but out and out criminals and should spend years behind bars . customers are well protected from credit card theft ; however , merchants can lose a lot of money . i sell only by purchase order and certified or registered company checks . - - peter s . http : / / www . gssgeomatics . com ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ july winner announced ! and the july ' one - question survey ' winner is . . . john stitzel - oldstitz @ yahoo . com congratulations john !  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  to change your subscribed address , send both new and old address to mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com see the link ( below ) for our subscription center to unsubscribe or edit your interests . please send suggestions and comments to : mailto : editor @ aeopublishing . com i invite you to send your real successes and showcase your strategies and techniques , or yes , even your total bombs , " working together we can all prosper . " mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com for information on how to sponsor your membership community & commentary visit : http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine copyright 2001 aeopublishing . com web : http : / / www . aeopublishing . com this email has been sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com at your request , by your membership newsletter services . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / d . jsp ? p  oo & id  bd 7 n 7877 . 8 lhtdma 6 & m  bd 7 n 7877 charset  iso - 8859 - 1 in this issue top ten most important things to do today member showcase commentary quick tips win a free ad in community & commentary today ' s special announcement : this email was sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com , at your request , by your membership newsletter services . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy . powered by  
2	Subject: re : americas 3 q presentation thanks , i really appreciate the feedback . in the narrative discussion accompanying the presentation we will articulate the timeframe . the rockies pre - build transaction refers to the fountain valley project ( psco taking mw ' s ; equity flip to black hills ) . we are still working on the americas section of the conference call script . i will forward to you as soon as it becomes available . kind regards . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 1 : 07 pm to : leboe , david subject : re : americas 3 q presentation the only comment on the structures transaction slide is that ( i ) they are not from this quarter ( ii ) the rockies power - prebuild , i am not entirely sure what this deal is - but there was one in washington . ( iii ) remove midwest gas utility outsourcing as we haven ' t completed this yet - hopefully you can have it for q 4 . ( iv ) price risk management is your call - its really just trading . louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leboe , david sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 9 : 49 am to : kitchen , louise subject : americas 3 q presentation please find the latest draft of the wholesale pitch included below as an attachment . i have included front portion , americas and europe sections . the only data point i am lacking at this point relates to our east power slide regarding # of term mw ' s . i am working with leslie reeves on obtaining this information . i expect the wording on the rto ' s slide may change a bit once gov . affairs provides their final comments ; however , this draft includes most of the content . following our discussion this morning , you may have some comments on slide 14 ( recent structured transactions ) . this slide was modeled after your board presentation . we can add / delete information as you desire . i am working on modifying the conference call script language and will forward to you shortly . thanks again for your help . regards . > david t . leboe director , investor relations enron corp . office 713 . 853 . 4785 cell 713 . 562 . 2160 fax 713 . 646 . 3002 pager 877 . 237 . 7732 david . leboe @ enron . com 
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerful marketinq toois will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: yoooo : ) whats up . . . . or down for the matter of fact : ] . anyways hi , i am julie . my birthday was not to long ago . i turned 18 . i am a senior high school student . i love animals and cute bunnys , but most of all i love getting off on my new webcam : d . i am so excited , its free , its live stream and i am usually on only 5 days a week 24 hours a day . no silly memberships , verify your age and you can be watching me right now . well , i do this for you , i am not a slut ! . . . i just love getting off , and interweb gives me this ability to do what ever i want and as much as i want untill we are both pleased : d . see you soon hun . luv julz . http : / / sabra . skipgrand . info / ju 2 / 
2	Subject: may activity survey attached please find the activity survey for the month of may , 2000 . i am sending the survey out this time as an opportunity to introduce myself to those of you i have not yet met . i am being asked to take a direct roll in the further development and rollout of the operations pricing model ( fka transaction cost model ) . in the past , i have directed the implementation of several pricing systems based on activity based costing similar to the operations pricing model ( opm ) . over the past couple of weeks my observations of the model have lead me to be concerned with the quality of data used in the model . it will take efforts by both you and the opm team to get to a satisfactory level of data quality . this process can start with this months data collection efforts . please pay particular attention this month as the " bar is being raised " by the management of energy operations for data quality and timeliness . the attached survey drives your costs from your activities to the commercial teams . please select your rcs , and fill in the driver quantity for the requested driver for the month of may . please fill out the attached activity driver survey with may numbers for your rc and return to shari mao by end of day friday , june 2 . please note the following updates : for nat gas , sally beck is interested in physical ( as denoted as ph in the survey ) vs . financial ( as denoted as fi in the survey ) numbers , please provide statistics accordingly if a driver has not been updated per your request , please call or email jennifer reside if you have additional updates / suggestions or items that need correction , please call or email jennifer reside if your group currently generates a standard report that captures the surveyed data , please send the report to jennifer reside . this will eliminate your need to fill out this survey every month . if you would like us to collect this information from someone within your team beginning next month , please let jennifer know . please contact jennifer reside x 3 - 5971 with questions ( shari is on vacation this week ) , or if you are unable to complete the survey within the allotted time . 
2	Subject: anvanced penile medication spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! http : / / partied . net / spur / ? aa 
2	Subject: enron actuals for june 26 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 5 . 833 / hpl iferc ; 94 . 167 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: my new info dear friends and colleagues , i have switched again my employment status between self - employment and employment by joining the txu energy trading on the capacity of their managing director of risk management operations . will commute home on weekends , but otherwise , will be stationed in dallas . the new email address is mjermakl @ txu . edu , and the phone number is ( 214 ) 875 - 9603 . regards , martin jermakyan www . txu . com - winmail . dat 
2	Subject: fw : pg & e settlement offer - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tribolet , michael sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 3 : 30 pm to : buy , rick subject : pg & e settlement offer below are the proposed discounts we discussed with ken lay this afternoon : usd millions : cash from 85 p + l with 85 cent discount cent sale of claim sale of claim enron $ 85 . 0 ( 17 % ) $ 361 . 8 + $ 129 . 1 pg & e $ 237 . 0 ( 46 % ) $ 232 . 6 - $ 0 . 1 midpoint $ 161 . 0 ( 32 % ) $ 297 . 2 + $ 64 . 5 if the midpoint ( value between pg & e and enron settlement offers ) is acceptable from a liquidity and p + l standpoint , propose countering at a discount of $ 123 million ( move half way to midpoint ) to provoke a counter offer . intent is to settle at midpoint discount of $ 161 million . the excel file is attached . 
2	Subject: see your free credit report instantly ! you have received this advertisement because you have registered with planetlmedia . if you feel that this service is no longer of benefit to you , and you do not want to be notified along with the other subscribers on this service , please edit your email preferences . planet 1 media 2806 prairie avenue miami beach , fl 33140 
2	Subject: ppi index short - term models - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000 01 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anjam ahmad 03 / 21 / 2000 04 : 10 pm to : martina angelova / lon / ect @ ect , trena mcfarland / lon / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ppi index short - term models hi martina i believe that the forecasts are accurately reflecting this . please see graphs below : both models really need our rpi curve to be linked ( at the moment i have just copied the 2 . 3 % number forward ) . because the auto - regressive error term is not very important , we can run the models forward with reasonable confidence . as i mentioned , i don ' t think we can really run this model more than 12 months , in fact , i think we should run for 9 - 12 months and blend the next 3 - 4 months out with the long - term model . hope i can fix the long - term ones now with some new insight ! regards , anjam x 35383 pllu : dzcv : 
2	Subject: earn more with this smallcap hidden gem - new opportunity investor alert ( 4 / 19 / 05 ) the children  s internet , inc . ( citce . ob ) near term price proj : $ 10 shares outstanding : 26 , 578 , 138 market cap : $ 81 , 00 o , 00 o in january ' 05 blue horeshoe loved report # 45 ( snsta . ob ) at a price of $ 7 per share . snsta reached a high of $ 42 per share in just a few weeks a gain of over 6 oo % . the featured stock in this report is ( citce . ob ) blue horseshoe loves report # 46 ( citce . ob ) a few reasons to own citce : - citce is piosed for explosive growth in the internet technology sector - citce recently received critical acclaim by pc magazine rated higher than the competitive offerings of aol , earthlink and msn , winning the prestigious  editors  choice  award over all the competition landing them a spot on the cover - 2 : 1 forward split effective 3 / 7 / 20 o 5 total shares outstanding post - split 26 , 578 , 138 " - market cap as of march 17 th , 2 oo 5 of approximately $ 50 million - the creator of the children  s internet software , and its licensor , is two dog net , inc . founded in 1995 which invested approximately $ 8 million in r & d for tci and safe zone security software . - tci forecasts it will achieve positive cash flow and profitability within one year , and have 333 , 0 oo paying subscribers at the end of its first year of operations . - 85 % of all parents with children fewer than 11 years of age have expressed concern for their child  s internet safety and 45 % of all parents feel the internet is critical for educational purposes . - the children ' s internet protection act ( cipa ) is a federal law recently enacted by congress in to address concerns about access in schools and libraries to the internet and other information . the federal communications commission ( fcc ) issued rules to ensure that cipa is carried out . - five million subscribers ( 10 % of the domestic universe ) generate approximately $ 300 million in annual net revenues to tci . about citce : the children  s internet , inc . ( tci ) is the exclusive world - wide marketer and distributor of the children  s internet  , a one of a kind , safe online service offering secure , real time access to pre - selected , pre - approved , age - appropriate educational and entertaining web sites for children pre - school through junior high . the children  s internet provides a child with a rich array of easy to use applications , including secure e - mail , homework help , games , news , learning activities and virtually limitless educational resources all within its loo % safe , predator - free online community protected by the patent - pending , proprietary safe zone technology  . the children  s internet  gives parents the best solution available today which lets their child enjoy the tremendous educational and entertaining benefits of the internet without encountering elements that could destroy their innocence forever . the company is positioned to be the unprecedented global brand leader in the online education and security category for parents , children , and educators . equally important , not only is the product secure , the children  s internet  meets the highest educational standards while meeting every child  s desire for independence , fun , creativity , and adventure . with  disneyesque  characteristics , its interactive tools give kids everything they need to succeed in today  s world . tci empowers children to learn , grow and insures that no child will be left behind . valuation : keep a real close eye on citce , as one never knows when a sleeping giant will be awakened ! as always watch this stock trade ! ! ! conclusion : like many exciting opportunities that we uncover , citce is a company whose primary business activity is software & technology . we believe that good things could happen including a higher market capitalization and potential rapid stock price appreciation , as the investing public becomes more aware of citce  s potential . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ let 2 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re [ 4 ] : terra investigate blackouts i wonder what if . . . paint shopthere ' s also another one tupac sharuk 
2	Subject: re : netco hr update brian who ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 3 : 23 pm to : oxley , david subject : re : netco hr update has brian had his contract yet ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: re : braggart sun , 26 sep 2004 23 : 01 : 58 - 0800 no more paying for movies & events on cable ! that ' s right . we have a small digital filter that we give you and a lockout buster that easily fits on the back of your receiver so you can test your pay - per - view for movies , live sporting events , concerts , etc , without paying a dime . this is completely legal as it is used as reception enhancer device ! follow this link here for more on this great product combo http : / / 1 onlfor 4 . com / promo . php ? id  94168 you get the latest digital highpass filter as out gift to you the latest lockout busting filter brand new and available here only . plus a bonus report explaining all the tips and tricks you need to know about your digital cable box . channels you can test at without paying include : bottom line : anything you would normally buy you get free with this ! what does this mean ? means you save a bunch of dollar $ in programming a month for one low cost of this unique filter . all this for an amazingly low price ! follow the link below to get more information & your cable filter & lockout buster today ( before they sell out ) : http : / / 1 onlfor 4 . com / promo . php ? id  94168 - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? http : / / 1 onlfor 4 . com / remove . php ? id  94168 
2	Subject: jacob kang vince , jacob has good background in or and can start working on pipeline problems right away , if we need someone . maybe it is from his consulting background , i found that at times he exaggerates a bit about his roles in model building . he would start saying he did everything , and later water it down quite a bit . ( what he actually did is not an easy accomplishment though . ) he also stressed that he wants to move away from pipeline projects . i did not got a chance to ask him any questions about derivatives and finance . best , alex 
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentable stationery items and professional website . these marketing tools wili siqnificantly contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: lisa hesse fred called yesterday to let me know he was going to move lisa hesse in to replace judy thorn on the well - head desk . lisa is a sr . spec currently making 48 . 5 k . she was not ranked at mid - yr but was ranked strong at yr - end . she is on reduced hours which fred believes works well for the position . just want to confirm that you are ok with this move to be effective nov . 5 . thanks 
2	Subject: new super loads no more mail instruments murder which papers . current these responses office these is it also presented prosecution numbered name papers . sir fact often  
2	Subject: * * * spam * * *  o ? o ? ?  i  iyh  b ? ?    ?  ? .  ?  s .  ?  r ? ?  s $ ? ? x ? $  ? $ @ $ ? ? ?  t ? i  ?  ?  ?  ac  
2	Subject: 9 . 05 % guaranteed annuity @ 8 % commission or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : don ' t forget - - we also do impaired risk life ! we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: [ ilug ] love pill vaaa . . . i . . g . . - online pharmacy no consultation fee mbnq now on sale for $ 129 . 00 10 100 mg tablets * * * * * * * * * * * * men ' s viagra * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * viagra propecia women ' s ortho tri - cyclen vaniqa renova retin - a weight loss xenical general valtrex acyclovir zyban best prices fast delivery no consultation fee ! no dispersion fee ! no tricks ! ! ! the price you see is the price you pay ! choose your own shipping method and save money ! track your order from the moment it is placed until delivery . our us licensed physicians will review your order and if approved your order will be shipped by our us licensed pharmacy . no charges will be applied unless you are approved . click here to order now . http : / / myrxexpress . com / index . asp ? affiliate  chom 33 if you received this email in error we apologize for any inconvenience to be removed from our mailing list please click here mailto : ttessr @ hotmail . com ? subj  remove address to send email with the subject remove sorry for any inconvenience . all removal requests are handled as soon as possible - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: rape ! ! . rape sex ! click here you must be at least 18 to enter ! to be removed from our " in house " mailing list click here and you will automatically be removed from future mailings . you have received this email by either requesting more information on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies .  
2	Subject: tenaska iv 10 / 00 we have actuals . the larger of the two volumes is 1 , 395 , 000 , which is 45 , 000 / day , so the demand rate in deal 514353 is fine . i am having a problem , though , with the way it is coming to settlements . it is showing up with a jan 2003 delivery date . i think the demand fee needs to be on 10 / 1 only . right now , it is on a line with a date of 10 / 1 / 00 to 12 / 31 / 36 . i think this is confusing the system some how . also , we still need the purchase deal for tenaska iv . it should be for a demand fee of $ 2 , 571 , 135 . 73 booked to the cleburne desk . we actually owe $ 1 , 798 , 389 . 73 , but i need to net the tenaska iv sales with the purchase to clear those receivables . james is calling me every day asking for an update . do you know when we will be able to get this in the system ? i have attached my spreadsheet so you can see the numbers . megan 
2	Subject: beat the market rocket stocks newsletter first we would like to say thank you to ail of our avid readers ! we have had huge success over the | ast few months and have become one of the most wideiy read investment newsletters in the world . we have accomplished this by providing timely , accurate information on s - tocks with the potentia | for great returns . rocket s - tocks is not your father ' s investment newsletter ! we focus on s - tocks with the potentia | to go up in value by wel | over 5 oo % . that ' s what it takes to make it on to our list . these are s - tocks for the risk tolerant investor ! the beauty of this is that it only takes one smart investment to make serious profits ! new developments expected for inteliigent sports , inc . s - tock from $ 0 . ol to over $ 0 . 08 symbol : igts . pk current price : $ 0 . 01 short term target price : $ o . 08 12 month target price : $ o . 17 intelligentsports . net we | ove these sma | | companies . a company like this is like a sligshot , pulled back and ready to go . one fortunate turn of events , one big contract , and the s - tock of a small company such as this can expiode ! read on to find out why igts . pk is our top pick this week . * * * top reasons to consider igts * * * * unique business mode | reminisant of gold ' s gym before it expioded onto the fitness scene . * the numbers are staggering and continue to rise daiiy . 15 % of chiidren / adoiescents are " overweight " nationwide . source : 2 oo 2 report by the centers for disease control * according to the president ' s counci | on physica | fitness and sports , oniy 17 percent of middie and junior high schools and 2 percent of senior high schoois require daily physical activity for a | | students . igts is | ooking to fi | | that gap . * pubiic educational institutions can no longer afford to keep up with the demand for team sports . " the time when school sports programs had enro | | ment fees of $ 10 is fading , " said former nba star and inteliigent sports , inc . board member , reggie theus . " not every parent is wi | | ing to pay $ 3 oo enrollment fees for a sport their child is only casualiy interested in ; some parents can ' t afford to pay that much for a sport their child exceis at . " * igts has plans to be in suburbs across america , providing fitness and sports opportunities to america ' s youth . * igts ' s proven business is ready for expansion . * news ! news ! news ! here is recent news on the company : upland , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 17 , 2005 - - inte | | igent sports , inc . , continues its focus on providing physica | and mental guidance to all student - athletes , by unveiling plans to begin licensing their youth and fitness center concept , the sports zone , nationa | | y | ater this year . recognizing the link between athietic participation and personal success , pubiiciy heid inteliigent sports , inc is introducing a new generation of youth to athletics through the deveiopment of the organized youth sports programs and faciiities . since their fa | | 20 o 4 | aunch of the sports zone youth sports and fitness center concept in upland , ca , they have seen tremendous growth in their program options and customer base . the sports zone by inteiligent sports in upiand , california encompasses a 12 , 000 square foot area facility featuring two basketba | | courts catering to a wide range of after - school sport programs , weekend leagues and tournaments for core indoor court sports including basketbal | , volieybail , cheerleading , dance , wrestling , martia | arts , dodge bail and more . the sports zone aiso has the ability to host soccer , footbail and other field - related athietic activity within the complex arena . " i ' m excited to see the business concept expanding as the sports zone offers youth a springboard to grow both athietically and inteilectually , " stated inteliigent sports president , thomas hobson . " be it speciaiized sports skiil training or persona | development , we have something for everyone . the business concept wil | soon be availabie through | icensing , providing other markets a centralized location for a wide - range of sports al | developed to fit the diverse needs of each market . the sports zone concept is based on offering a wide variety of programs for youth at every skil | | evel . " according to the president ' s council on physica | fitness and sports , oniy 17 percent of middle and junior high schoois and 2 percent of senior high schools require daiiy physical activity for al | students . with a board comprised of reggie theus , former nba star , tv anaiyst , and current head men ' s basketball coach at new mexico state university , and kelien winsiow , a member of the nfl hail of fame , inteliigent sports , inc is one company that is passionate about filling that gap for the youth in our communities . this is a rare opportunity to get in eariy on a company poised to meet a nationwide demand . we beiieve this s - tock has huge potential for a rapid price increase . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ o . 08 we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 0 . 17 piease watch this one trade monday ! ! disclaimer : information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority s - tockhoider , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fuily spe | | ed out in the company ' s sec fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they wiil seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases . the rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , piease mail to newsoff 6 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123002 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: shop and save at discount pharmacy expedite the rx service at discount pharmacy . check the discount pharmacy for a wide variety of meds . we have more than 600 quality medications at low pricing for pain relief , anti - depressants , allergies , muscle relaxants , sexual stimulation and weight reduction . expedite the rx service online with express shipping and fast order handling . no one can stop you from saving on meds . get rx for frree now . it is a new option . choose to shop and save at discount pharmacy . press here to enter enjoy more saving on meds and get the medical history checked at no charrge now . " it lookslike democrats are going to stay firm and stay united , " said roger hickey , one of the leaders had found any suspicious devices . in 1967 , the justice department tried killen and 18 other a geophysicist at uc , santa cruz , calculates the height of the resulting wave at about 80 feetdette 9 dipping mealformulating  
2	Subject: re : ( no subject ) great , please , let me know . there are several good films playing currently . vince jlpnymex @ aol . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 10 : 09 : 28 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : ( no subject ) vince , i will check with david and get back with you . i still want to hear about your california trip . jana 
2	Subject: re : genetic programming todd , we have several members of the group who can help you . one of them is steve leppard located in london . vince to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : genetic programming vince - i am with the ebs venture capital group . we are looking at evaluating an investment in a company called widevine out of seattle . part of their value proposition involves certain patents on genetic programming . are you familiar with that ? if so , can i set a meeting with you and a few other members of my group to discuss on tuesday or wednesday ? todd van roten enron broadband ventures office : ( 713 ) 853 - 3850 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8010 cell : ( 713 ) 305 - 0110 
2	Subject: do you hate photo cops ? don ' t let them take your cash in a flash ! ! ! make your licence plate invisible click here for information click here if you would not like to receive future mailings .  
2	Subject: best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices the thing is that a great errrection is provided for you exactly when you want . some books are undeservedly forgotten ; none are undeservedly remembered . dance is the hidden language of the soul of the body . to travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive . here stand i . i can do no other . 
2	Subject: update on ammonia shutdowns / terra chemical high prices force chemicals to sell gas , futures chemical companies , forced to shut in operations because of high natural gas prices , are nevertheless making money - - - by selling gas futures contracts . terra industries and mississippi chemical corp . became the latest companies to announce cutbacks related to current natural gas costs . iowa - based terra industries said it had sold off a portion of its december natural gas purchases , and shutdown 50 % of its verdigis , ok , ammonia facility . the company had previously reported that it would not operate its bytheville , ar , and beaumont , tx , facilities during the month of december as well . in a similar maneuver , mississippi chemical corp . , a producer of nitrogen , phosphorus and potassium - based products in mississippi , louisiana and new mexico , reported the sale of all of its natural gas futures contracts from january forward , in order to take full advantage of the opportunity uncovered by soaring natural gas prices . mississippi chemical said it expects to realize a pre - tax gain of $ 16 million in its second fiscal quarter ending dec . 31 from the recently sold contracts . the problem lies in the fact that escalating natural gas costs are not being mimicked by chemical prices . an overabundance on the market has kept chemical prices relatively low , while gas prices , a feedstock for some chemicals , continue to climb . the difference in the latest shutdowns is that the companies involved have openly announced they have sold their gas contracts off because it is more profitable than manufacturing their products , said ron phillips of the fertilizer institute . duke energy ' s ken nyiri , divisional director of strategic planning and research , commented on mississippi chemical ' s transactions , " i guess they probably made about a $ 4 / mmbtu margin on the gas , which is significantly more than they could make on the ammonia ; in fact , they would have lost $ 30 / unit . their ammonia was probably costing them about $ 205 / ton to make ( with gas bought at $ 5 / mmbtu in november ) and the market today is at $ 205 so basically they would break even on their ammonia production costs . by selling the gas at around $ 9 / mmbtu they made $ 4 / mmbtu . it was just a question of do they convert the gas to ammonia and make nothing on it , or do they sell the gas and make $ 16 million . " michael l . bennett , executive vice president of terra , said , " the natural gas price increase since our december requirements were purchased for verdigris permitted us to sell a portion of those purchases and generate higher gross profits than could be realized from selling the products manufactured with the natural gas . we will evaluate the economics of bringing verdigris back to full production near the end of december when january ' s natural gas purchase commitments must be made . " terra estimates the idled facilities represent 40 % , 30 % , 77 % and 88 % of the company ' s north american ammonia , uan , urea and methanol manufacturing capacity , respectively . the production of all four chemicals are heavily dependent on natural gas . phillips said " the latest data we had in october was that of the companies that we survey , which is not the entire ammonia market , but a good bit of it , we were looking at operating rates of 76 % . " currently , a total of 4 - 5 million tons / year of ammonia production capacity is out of service out of about 20 - 21 million tons / year of production capacity . " clearly some of these folks have been selling their gas [ rather than producing ammonia ] , " said nyiri . " it ' s the prudent thing to do , i think , in this marketplace . buy your ammonia if you can . at $ 9 gas , that costs you $ 350 / ton to make the ammonia , which is $ 145 more than the current market is willing to pay . " a spokeswoman for mississippi chemical said the company held on to its december gas contracts , and has been operating at varied levels of capacity throughout 2000 ( see daily gpi , june 30 ) . " depending on what the gas prices are , and what our product prices are around the january - february time frame , we will make decisions then on our operations rate [ capacity ] , " said melinda hood , a mississippi chemical spokeswoman . charles o . dunn , ceo of mississippi chemical , said , " we remain committed to the nitrogen business and our customers , but we also have to take advantage of opportunities to optimize cash flow during these challenging times . it is our belief that the current unprecedented natural gas prices are unlikely to be sustained during the intermediate term , " stated dunn . " as a result , we felt it was in the company ' s best interest to sell our futures positions to lock in the substantial gain afforded by the recent increase in natural gas prices . going forward , we will continue to determine operating levels for our plants based on the relationship between natural gas prices , nitrogen product prices and our customers ' requirements , as we have been doing for some time . " international imports are also hurting u . s . producers . currently , there is a surplus of ammonia in the international market , which is holding ammonia prices down . u . s . fertilizer producers can ' t compete with the international market . gas prices are 46 cents / mmbtu in russia , 50 cents to $ 1 / mmbtu in argentina and venezuela , and $ 1 / mmbtu in trinidad . the u . s . imports 5 . 5 million tons of ammonia each year . fertilizers represent 80 % of the demand for ammonia in the united states . terra industries said its facilities would resume production as soon as it became economical again - - - whether from gas prices declining or nitrogen and methanol prices rising , just as long as " prices reach levels allowing positive cash flows . " nyiri said he believes relief is in sight . he pointed out that the ammonia market has been sitting around the $ 205 / ton level for the last several months , but believes ammonia prices will have to increase entering the next planting season . " i ' ve got my model peaking out around $ 250 / ton in april or may and at that time i have gas costs coming down . " at that point , the 1 - 2 bcf / d of demand from the fertilizer production industry should begin returning to service . - - 
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 20 , 2000 - revision # 1 ( see attached file : hplo 720 . xls ) - hplo 720 . xls 
2	Subject: volume feedback from unify to sitara fyi : the following is the unify to sitara bridge back schedule from the sitara team . unify can still send the files to sitara but sitara will not process during the " no bridge back " times listed . this list is in response to several inquiries to me regarding slow bridge - back times to sitara . hours are listed in 24 hr format central time . 1 . monday - friday 14 : 00 - 19 : 49 hrs single thread 2 . monday - friday 19 : 50 - 24 : 00 hrs multi thread 3 . monday - friday 00 : 01 - 13 : 59 hrs no bridge back 4 . sat - sunday 12 : 50 - 24 : 00 hrs multithread 5 . sat - sunday 00 : 01 - 12 : 49 hrs no bridge back 
2	Subject: his lips , his nose , good day : i tried to call your 3 three time but your phone is not available . i think you did a mistake during filling the form . anyway , your mortgagge request # 3201 was appproved with 3 . 6 , please reenter your info here and we will start asap thank you weston sandoval irolto  
2	Subject: security center advisory * * * paypal safe department notice * * * paypal fraud mediation request you have recieved this email because of some unusual activity in your account . in accordance with paypal ' s user agreement and to ensure that your account has not been compromised , access to your account was limited . your account access will remain limited until this issue has been resolved . the fraud alert id code contained in this message will be attached in our fraud mediation request form , in order to verify your paypal account registration informations . fraud alert id code : 00937614 ( please save this fraud alert id code for your reference . ) to help speed up this process , please access the following form to complete the verification of your paypal account registration informations : . please note : if we do not receive the appropriate paypal account verification within 48 hours , then we will assume this paypal account is fraudulent and will be suspended . the purpose of this verification is to ensure that your paypal account has not been fraudulently used and to combat the fraud from our community . we appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep paypal a safe place to send money . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail as this is only a notification . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . copyright 1999 - 2005 paypal . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: xp pro $ 5 o , adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o . office xp $ 100 , norton 2004 $ 15 ; office 2003 $ 8 o replied temper by if at five strange position justice married every glass super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    till dropping reached but looks dropping bread drop  
2	Subject: woechentlich updates unserer bilder und videos xclztonfks jptclbh geile schlampen werden hart bestraft mehr bilder , free video regelmaessige updates um diesen newlstter abzubestellen , klick hier pqqekvhwypm n grl jls 
2	Subject: mscf speaker series mscf speaker series official invitation ? ? it is with great pleasure and some amount of pride that i announce the next event in the speaker series . next friday we will have the honor to host a conference given by mr . vince kaminski head of research at enron corp . ? ? the ? sixth event is ? next friday ( nov 3 rd ) ! ? from : 11 . 30 - 13 . 30 please attend ! ! ! the next event in the student speaker series is : friday , november 3 , 2000 11 : 30 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . fast lab [ image ] vince kaminski enron corp . tentative student speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001 the following is a tentative schedule of the mscf student speaker series for the 2000 - 2001 academic year . all events take place from 11 : 30 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . in the fast lab ( gsia 229 ) unless otherwise noted . updates are soon to follow . volatility curve and bond basis august 11 , 2000 david hartney & jerry hanweck vice president , futures and option sales j . p . morgan price and hedging volatility contracts september 1 , 2000 dmitry pugachevsky deutsche bank dmitry pugachesky is a director with otc derivatives research of deutsche bank , where his research is primarily focussed on credit derivatives . prior to joining deutsche bank , dmitry worked for six years with global analytics group of bankers trust . there he developed models for emerging markets , interest rates , and equity derivatives and also participated in actual trading and structuring of interest rate options . he received his phd in applied mathematics from carnegie mellon university specializing in control theory for stochastic processes . he has published several papers on modelling in emerging markets and on valuation for passport options . a measurement framework for bank liquidity risk september 15 , 2000 raymond cote vice president , finrad inc . raymond cote is vice president , financial engineering at finrad inc . , a montreal - based consulting firm offering financial management solutions that combine advisory and systems development services to & corporations and financial institutions . abstract : liquidity risk , as opposed to credit and market risks , has received little attention in professional or academic journals . we argue that analyzing bank liquidity risk can be viewed as a variation of credit risk analysis . after introducing some concepts and definitions , the presentation defines a framework allowing to measure a bank ' s structural liquidity risk . it then shows that combining the framework with modern credit risk measurement tools leads to a liquidity risk var measure . the presentation then offers concluding comments on the integration of the liquidity risk measurement framework within enterprise - wide risk management . the impact of electronic trading on the uses of quantitative research in equity options september 22 , 2000 scott morris hull group , quantitative research department quantitative research in investment management october 6 , 2000 raman srivastava & anna bulkovshteyn assistant vice president , & fixed income , quantitative analysts , putman investments [ image ] tba november 3 , 2000 vince kaminski enron corp . fund management and market efficiency november 10 , 2000 andrea dalton researcher , friess associates ( advisor to the brandywine funds ) . tba november 17 , 2000 jeff keifer & deb aep tutorial on bridge november 24 , 2000 pierre ste - marie & punit rawal mscf students a corporate risk management framework december 8 , 2000 darin aprati & brian moore mcdonald ' s [ image ] math speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001 [ image ] speaker series student committee [ image ] previous speakers ? pierre - philippe ste - marie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ image ] http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com 
2	Subject: japan weekly hello everyone , thursday ' s ( 4 / 6 / 00 ) conference call regarding the weekly japan update will now be held at 6 : 00 p . m . houston time and 8 : 00 a . m . tokyo time due to daylight savings time change . please forward your updates to jope hirl and copy me . the call will be held in conference room 21 c 2 for houston participants . thanks , eddie robles domestic : 1 - 800 - 991 - 9019 intern ' l 847 - 619 - 8039 code : 5764488 # 
2	Subject: ins 6 tant hardons be erect in less than 15 mins prlce : $ 2 / use try the new c - tabs 
2	Subject: it works amaziing hello , welcome to the medzonlin claiming e - online pharmace complain utical shop . parleyvoo va ecological um combing vi r geezer a petulance ci afterglow is l newmarket i topsail ag a interzonal l andmanyother . with our sh irremovable op you get - be heartiness st prlces excellen billow t service coupon fast shipping pri illiteracy vate online ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 4 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 404 . xls ) - hplno 404 . xls 
2	Subject: hot list & mgmt summary 9 / 28 / 00 attached are the management summary and hot list that will be presented in monday morning ' s staff meeting . please contact me if you have any questions / comments . thanks , jeff smith x 39859 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeff smith / hou / ect on 09 / 29 / 2000 03 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : patricia anderson 09 / 29 / 2000 03 : 40 pm to : jeff smith / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hot list & mgmt summary 9 / 28 / 00 for distribution : thanks , patricia 
2	Subject: hello > from mr . safi lopi . # 18 silver crescent johannesburg south africa . phone : + 874 - 763 - 427980 . fax : + 874 - 763 - 427981 . dear sir / madam , first of all let me introduce myself to you . my name are mr . safi lopi , a consulting auditor of prime banks here in south africa . without wasting much time , let me go straight to the point . on june 6 , 1998 , there was an american mining onsultant / contractor with the south african mining corporation , mr . gregory a . williams who made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit with my bank here for twelve calendar months , value us $ 14 , 200 , 000 . 00 an account . on maturity , the bank sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply from him . after a month , the bank sent another reminder and finally his contract employers , the south african mining corporation wrote to inform the bank that mr . gregory a . williams died from an automobile accident , that he died without making a will attached to the account , and all attempts by the american embassy to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore , made further investigation and discovered that mr . gregory a . williams in fact was an immigrant from jamaica and only recently obtained american citizenship . he did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paper work . this money total u s $ 14 , 200 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank as dormant account . no one will ever come forward to claim it , and according to south african banking policy , after 5 years , the money will revert to the ownership of the south african government if the account owner is certified dead . this is the situation , and my proposal is that i am looking for a foreigner who will stand in as the next of kin to mr . gregory a . williams , and a bank account abroad will then facilitate the transfer of this money to the beneficiary / next of kin . this is simple , all you have to do is to immediately send me a bank old account or you set up a new account anywhere in the world for me to arrange the proper money transfer paperwork . this money total usd ( $ 14 . 2 m ) will then be paid into this account for us to share in the ratio of 60 % for me , 35 % for you and 5 % for expenses that might come up during transfer process . there is no risk at all , and all the paper work for this transaction will be done by me using my position and connection in the banks in south africa . please observe the utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . i look forward to your earliest reply through my email address . thanks and god bless you and your family and bless me too . have a nice day . yours truly . mr . safi lopi . get your free e - mail account at http : / / www . bahraichfun . com _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get your own web - based e - mail service at http : / / www . zzn . com 
2	Subject: re : just so you know i ' ll look into it . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 9 : 29 am to : richter , brad subject : just so you know john arnold asked me this morning about individuals on eol . apparently , . john was told that i had a problem with this . i haven ' t had a conversation on this since 1999 , . at that time i sidelined the issue as it was complex , bearing in mind everything else that was going on . i would suggest you and mark address tis together . i have no idea who told john this as i haven ' t had a dizcussion on this issue since 1999 . louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: nui corp craig / frank fyi - below please find the outstanding items from capital , credit and legal . kam keiser is working up a pre - booking to validate the structure , positions and mtm value . if you have any questions , please ask mark breese or me . ed - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ed mcmichael / hou / ect on 04 / 02 / 2001 08 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tanya rohauer / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 30 / 2001 05 : 02 pm to : ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect , mark breese / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : nui corp oustanding issues : 1 . need copy of nui ' s bank revolver documentation . ( laura falk to provide ; left her a vm ) 2 . execute master firm purchase & sale agreement - the only outstanding issue to my knowledge is the cross default threshold . i told rudwell that we should negotiate all the relevant credit terms at one time . we need jennifer fornos to confirm there are no other issues . 3 . execution of nui corp gty for $ 50 mm - final format sent back to nui this afternoon . 4 . draft additional covenants required for loan structure . ( tanya and dave to complete once we receive the bank revolver documentation from nui . ) 5 . draft customized confirmation including # 4 above as well as deleting non applicable master language . ( stacy dickson ) 6 . complete dash ( tanya ) 7 . circulate dash for signature 8 . execution of confirmation by ena and nui . i think that ' s everything . let me know if i left anything out . tanya 
2	Subject: brand name and generic prescription crude insignificant deprivation incredulity dire ambrosial baggy skipjack need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here arcing andersen waterline jade cuddle  
2	Subject: evaluation for agustin perez . kim , my pre - ranking for agustin perez , is a one . he has had a tremendous half year , and has performed extremely well . i am sending you the evaluation form . and the list of accomplishments he sent me . i ' ll send you the other evaluations of my direct reports tonight . best regards . 
2	Subject: urgent - requires immediate action - ubs orientation tomorrow @ the houstonian date : thursday , january 24 , 2002 location : the houstonian hotel orientation will be split into two sessions and divided by alpha - order . sessions will run 10 am - 1 pm and 2 pm - 5 pm . we encourage all of you to attend your designated session as valuable information will be presented , and you will have the opportunity to get answers to your questions . you will need to bring your enron id card or drivers license . you can speed things up tomorrow by filing in the attached forms - alternatively you can complete them there tomorrow 10 am session letters a - k 2 pm session letters l - z registration will be outside of the juniper room . bus transportation buses will depart from the java plaza area on the ground floor of the north building at : first session second session 8 : 45 am - 9 am 12 : 45 pm - 1 pm 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at maill 9 b . gl 9 . rapidsite . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : 64 . 18 . 7 . 10 failed after i sent the message . remote host said : 571 message refused - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : from mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ( 204 . 202 . 242 . 100 ) by maill 9 b . gl 9 . rapidsite . net ( rs ver 1 . 0 . 95 vs ) with smtp id 1 - 017201846 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 00 : 50 - 0400 ( edt ) received : from unknown [ 211 . 168 . 67 . 248 ] ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) by mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ( mxl _ mta - 1 . 3 . 8 - 10 p 4 ) with smtp id 06 ddcd 24 . 14068 . 061 . mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ; tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 00 : 48 - 0400 ( edt ) received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30516488 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antonio _ ortiz 33 @ jobops . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - spam - flag : yes x - spam : [ f  1 . 0000000000 ; heur  0 . 500 ( 1000 ) ; stat  0 . 997 ; spamtraq - heur  1 . 000 ( 2005071819 ) ] x - mail - from : x - source - ip : [ 211 . 168 . 67 . 248 ] x - loop - detect : 1 x - distloop - detect : 1 soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: administracin , organizacin y control de un departamento de compras brjko quality training de m?xico presenta : ? enero de 2005 ! administraci?n , organizaci?n y control de un departamento de compras la falta de organizaci?n y control en el departamento de compras pueden llevar a las ?reas interrelacionadas como almac?n , inventarios , producci?n , y hasta la empresa en general - al caos administrativo y operativo - muchos ejecutivos operan en forma emp?rica o por cuenta propia , sin considerar los factores necesarios para determinar una estructura ?ptima , basada en normas y procedimientos que les permitan administrarse y operar en forma efectiva y confiable . este seminario le ofrece lo que usted necesita conocer para poner en marcha la modernizaci?n de su departamento , incluyendo : c?mo organizar y establecer la estructura de un departamento de compras c?mo dise?ar los objetivos y planes estrat?gicos de compras las normas ?ticas de compras en la negociaci?n c?mo elaborar el manual de pol?ticas , procedimientos y controles de compras c?mo desarrollar y mantener un departamento de compras competitivo no se lo puede perder ! solicite la informacin completa de click abajo ! de click en la ciudad de su inters monterrey 20 y 21 enero de 2005 tel : ( 81 ) 81 23 25 17 con 10 lineas lada sin costo : 01 800 90 10000 sede : hotel crowne plaza monterrey mxico , d . f . 27 y 28 enero de 2005 tel : 54 46 69 00 con 10 lineas sede : hotel nikko mxico guadalajara 31 enero y 01 febrero de 2005 tel : ( 33 ) 31 23 12 00 con 10 lineas lada sin costo : 01 800 633 7000 sede : hotel presidente intercontinental si no desea recibir ms informacin de nuestros exclusivos programas de capacitacin de click aqu www . italiam . comquality training de m?xico  derechos reservados  
2	Subject: can you last 36 hours ? 6 d 4 zdl " ci - ialis softabs " is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / gallanted . com / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / gallanted . com / rm . php ? ronn ioo 
2	Subject: real man looking for a real man goodbye workhorse karamazovbelgrade delft feignturing drippy hydroxyljohanson chaw abbottoh needlework wherebybilge adroit confluentkeaton pinhole scotlandunkempt carthaginian prefaceminot soon boogiewayne 
2	Subject: re : apache deal 384247 10 / 00 according to the contract brief i received , the 2 . 175 is a 1999 price . i believe my pricing is correct . bob or darren may be able your questions better . dave enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 11 / 21 / 2000 03 : 27 pm to : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : apache deal 384247 10 / 00 i got an invoice for the gas we bought from apache for tenaska iv and they have a different price . for deal 384247 , we have a price of 2 . 285 and a demand fee of 0 . 457 for 25 , 000 / day . apache is billing us at 2 . 175 with no demand charge . can you verify this price for me and let me know which is correct ? thanks , megan 
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , dotlopez _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: new offrr want to know ho liberalize w to save over 60 % on your me northward dlcatlons ? http : / / www . centr compassion alpan . com - successfull and proven way t rocking o s monumentalize ave your money . be splash st prlces . high qua homophone iity . w grundyism orldwide shlpplng . total confidenti despoil aiity . more than 200 appeasement popular medlcatlons have a nice da upheave y ! 
2	Subject: lyz balk filters ? - forget xof 8 ttb bulk email - we send for you ! - email with no fear ! we offer to send your emails at a speed of 100 ' s of letters per second . we will use our powerful broadcast software to send your message to your list using our isp and servers . no troubles for you ! bulk email marketlng is fast and effective , we do all the mailing for you . you just provide us with the ad ! it ' s that simple ! your email campaign can be underway , often in less than 24 hours . request more information on our email sending services . . . . . . even to compare our prices . . . if you would rather not recelve any further information from us , please * * * 
2	Subject: here you go enough door eat know mount . differ old here order circle . still , trip , mind area . here feel be . mother nothing at . blow it , that student some . design paragraph stop much , money stay . state round before . turn run , travel school size get have . - - phone : 188 - 345 - 9040 mobile : 915 - 787 - 4869 email : velma . stafford @ speedy . net . pe  
2	Subject: california gas prices - market intelligence below are some notes taken while conversing with several tw customers on the various reasons prices have risen so dramatically out west . el paso line 1103 is still out of service from the august 2000 explosion . the remaining 2 lines are still operating at reduced flow levels taking 200 - 300 , 000 / d capacity off the market . storage levels in california were low to begin with . with several coal and nuclear generation plants off - line ( unplanned outages ) , the gas - burning generators have been running all out . northwest pipeline has instituted several ofo ' s this month requiring shippers not to overpull the pipeline . penalty gas was selling for $ 22 . 00 / mmbtu . beginning in november , socal gas instituted its 5 - day balancing requirement . this was not an unplanned event in the marketplace , however , it seems several entities were caught short early in the month and still haven ' t caught up . ldc ' s east of california have experienced some dramatic weather but not severe . they have been impacted more by firm demand to california knocking off it and alternate firm supply destined for points east of california . southwest gas has several alternate supply contracts with these ldc ' s and is collecting 150 % of the market price from these ldc ' s by using swg ' s full requirements contract on el paso . in addition , we now believe socal gas is playing some storage games with the interstate pipes . socal lowered their window on us for tomorrow to 580 , 000 down from 750 , 000 due to " lower projected gas demand " . sempra , reliant , dynegy , and texaco are calling foul . the thought is socal demand may be falling but instead of taking excess gas to replenish storage , socal is preventing higher - priced gas from reaching storage . 
2	Subject: photoshop 7 + premiere 7 + illustrator 10 $ 120 wall street journal : system comparison wlndows x ' p pro + offlce x ' p pro - 80 doiiar ( 80 % off ! ) wlndows x ' p - 50 doiiar ( 75 % off ! ) see complete results scan augustus stevensondutton backlash pascalarbitrary contiguity dreamboatrepository belch matriculateanselm swam agendacol kowalewski alumnusprime verity booksellerteacup fiat defendsolid 
2	Subject: best prescription generic meds 4 less . save up to 90 % on retail prices ! never judge a book by its movie . must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death ? the time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining . 
2	Subject: re : completion of ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 vince , you have been approved for the technical view within ibuyit . changes will take effect on next login . thank you , sap security ( eva - from : raul davila / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 02 pm to : sap security @ enron cc : subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 approved - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tow , eva on behalf of sap security sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 5 : 39 pm to : davila , raul cc : vkamins @ enron . com ; crenshaw , shirley subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 raul , raul , vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send your response to sap security . thanks ! shirley crenshaw @ ect 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm to : sapsecurity @ enron . com cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ibuyit form attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing director , research group . he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 . > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ibuyit form hi shirley there were two shirleys , so sending to both > isc help desk 
2	Subject: when was the last time you had sex ? award winning anti - spyware http : / / hoagy . fightpycity . net adware in your system kind regards , wilfred ledbetter ce @ se : http : / / prospectus . fightpycity . net / discon cease ammerman calvinistsebastian saturate denumerablebaron hereabout enumeratemyriad redden calgarycarmen vestry leanderhumpback aaa hockeycompelled saw confidantlola detergent banefulcyclone embryology bronxbarbados 
2	Subject: conference steve , the slides are ok . how are the negotiations with risk proceeding ? they had recently many changes ( firing people ) . vince 
2	Subject: winning notification / final notice . . . . . . . . congratulations ! ! ! ! winning notification / final notice . . . . . . . . congratulations ! ! ! ! attn : from the desk of lottery coordinator , we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 31 th august 2004 , of winners of the luckyday lottery promotion the netherlands / international , programs held on 2 september , 2004 . your email address attached to ticket number 023 - 56678230954 , drew the lucky numbers 7 - 14 - 21 - 42 - 49 - 59 , batch number 6858 / nl and consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved of a lump sum pay out of euro 850 . 000 ( eight hundred and fifty thousand euro ) in credited to file lottery ref no . sgil / 763276 / 03 . this is from total prize money of euro 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in categories c with serial number : il / flw / 12 - co 33721192 . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn form 25 , 000 company email addresses and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from australia , africa , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now in custody of a financial security company insured in your file reference . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . this lottery program was promoted by our group of philanthropist here in netherlands . we hope with a part of you prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes euro 5 , 000 , 000 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mr . frank garry e . mail : luckydaynl 2004 @ netscape . net phone : 00 31619104414 fax : 00 31847300948 please be aware that your paying authority will effect payment swiftly upon satisfactory report , verifications and validation provided by our processing agent ; that would be designated to your file . for due processing and remittance of your winning prize to your designated account of your choice . be informed that all prize money must be claimed not later than 27 th september 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , you are to contact mr . frank garry . with followings details below : 1 . your full names , telephone , contact address and 2 . quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with us or our designated agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from our team of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . yours sincerely , mr . rogers west lottery coordinator winning notification 
2	Subject: fyi : path 15 meeting participants all , i just received an email w / a complete list of the attendees at the path 15 meeting . they represented the following companies : aera energy aspen environmental group berkeley lab . black & veatch corp . bpa - pbl caiso calpine cec central california power cers city & county of san francisco constellation cpuc cpuc - dsp cue dena dwr dynergy ebmud electricity oversight board enron fpl energy ida corp . energy ladwp mirant navigant consulting ncpa pb power , inc . pg & e pg & e national energy group pinnacle west scd energy solutions sce scheverman consulting sdg & e smud socalgas use wapa williams energy please let me know if you have any questions , kourtney 
2	Subject: name change / merger listing for 7 / 00 this is the preliminary spreadsheet for july . there will definitely be another listing distributed no later than this friday . for some reason there has been an unusual number of notices issued and we are working diligently to get the documents lined up . updates to records in gcp for counterparty name changes : the legal name field will be updated monday afternoon ( 7 / 17 ) . the erms shortnames will be changed on tuesday afternoon ( 7 / 18 ) . 
2	Subject: dogtrot amity imperturbable exchequer hi , genierc and super viarga ( caiils ) available online ! most trusted online source ! cilais or ( spuer vagira ) takes affect right away lasts 24 - 36 hours ! for suepr vairga cilck here genierc virgaa costs 60 % less ! save a lot of $ . for vigara cilck here both products shipped discretely to your door not intreseted refectory preamble myocardium checklist emanuel ameslan confabulate audio counsel duane kiss lousewort mill nebraska isotope dewar hessian bunkmate foe firelight phonon broken anderson salsify scientist operand ceil jitterbugger danbury credulity picofarad satire kettle fierce husky incestuous coronet allentown burroughs scoria furbish biennium ambuscade fredericks compelling fisherman condense midband declination intricate hyperbolic interfere fetal hades abrogate doneck foray bookcase quartz fasciculate branch liechtenstein beware dentistry caw noon by hospitable gonzalez remorse furious astoria glean barbarian michelin abject incorporable riotous corrosion clubhouse dissociable barefaced did abase amanita chautauqua accessible lucille illume acton beard domesday gould onward paleolithic eschew bashaw impolite heap callahan ancient distributor impedance deprecate dominick dismissal fest epidemic carleton articulatory analyst eddy galveston datsun handicapping charta plaguey glamorous czerniak innards goes beachhead backtrack holler hereditary elliott retinal pinscher highroad albumin fraser awhile accomplish imbue imminent scratchy cargo postage end okay fl boatman rimy distraught ferocious gurgle elijah horror mcgowan parachute function bronco deferent recurring glamor abeyance pintail putative banister myopia bluster cofactor denebola brisbane halpern germanic nashville r protest gorilla drugging shearer dominic habitat anne cater ganges dyer gaithersburg remonstrate exchange revenge district muezzin gimbal ferrite halloween loosestrife horace serenade madeleine cinquefoil papa impulsive aniline ellipsoidal downcast chaw safekeeping besetting gibe graham borate entice islam chaplin leasehold hypnosis litany predicate biltmore gibby pea rocket malleable panicked borough parkish pronounceable aviate cacao comedian sanguine lionel grave include intractable hades horror incentive borne codeword cattlemen deacon gusty geochronology shelton sadist cottonwood frambesia metaphor carey ignoramus astride enigma panjandrum ago police fatima buckwheat cancer defiant cobalt fanatic barnet bitt endogamy hereafter 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request sally . beck @ enron . com thank you for your request . you will be notified by email when your request has been processed . you can check the progress of your request by clicking myreq . 
2	Subject: upcoming vacation i am planning on taking vacation from september 13 th to september 26 th . i ' m heading to various points in the northeast to visit family . i will be available by phone the entire time . let me know if you have any concerns . tim 
2	Subject: special report reveals stock is a steal the oil and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bu | | market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns . emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us " oi | beit " and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of mi | | ions per week . breaking news ! ! ! emerson oil and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas providing opportunity for 22 - wel | re - entry in field with strong producing history and large recoverable reserves south texas in a | arge existing fieid that was discovered and drilled by major oi | companies in the 1970 s . the field is established with substantial recoverable reserves , estimated at over 3 . 9 miilion barrels of oil and about 2 biliion cubic ft . of gas in the two pay zones . symbol - eogi price - . 12 seil target - . 33  diamond piay the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth muiti - mi | | ions , eogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . emerson oil and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and deveiopers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervalued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this small company with a comparabiy small market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with the daily jump in energy prices . but all that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equaily expiosive effect on the share price . what wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson oil and gas ' shares ? we | | we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or decline siightly , you will still make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings wi | | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be staggering . overail , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , eogi shares will surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . eogi ' s oil and gas reserves are well established and are going into massive production . early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this area will rea | | y turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bulletin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , will , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sell securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand doliars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financia | expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiied company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 39 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: re : grades thank you ! - pvc at 09 : 19 am 5 / 3 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > pam , > > another group : > > stuart hamel > jed howard > brian nelson > > > > b + > > > > vince > > > > > > pamela vande krol castro on 05 / 03 / 2001 08 : 58 : 24 am > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : grades > > > got them - thank you ! - pvc > > at 05 : 21 pm 5 / 2 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > > pam , > > > > another team : > > > > elena chilkina > > robert j . guadette > > joseph helms > > kenneth jett > > todd litton > > mark westmoreland > > > > > > grade : a - > > > > > > vince kaminski 
2	Subject: claim your free $ 1000 home depot gift card . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards dbdbkewi 
2	Subject: reminder : flu shots today ( 8 : 30 a . m . - 10 : 30 a . m . ) just a reminder that flu shots are taking place in the mt . st . helens conference room ( behind volume management / fundamental analysis ) this morning ! if you are signed up , please be sure to stop by ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ausenhus , kara sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 9 : 58 am to : dl - portland world trade center subject : flu shot reminder for tomorrow 8 : 30 a . m . - 10 : 30 a . m . flu shot reminder the ena flu shots have not been canceled and will be held as scheduled . when : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 time : 8 : 30 a . m . - 10 : 30 a . m . where : mt . st . helens room who : enron employees , spouses and domestic partners please contact kara ausenhus at x 7927 with any questions . thank you ! flu shot sign ups last name first name quantity eriksson fredrik 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 shields jeff 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 yoder christian 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 belden tim 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 bruce james 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 buerkle jim 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 calger chris 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 chatterton jill 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 clark ed 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 davidson debra 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 driscoll michael 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 elafandi mo 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 alport kysa 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 fuller dave 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 guillaume david 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 gilbert jim 2 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 malowney john 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 hall steve 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 hall erin 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 heizenrader tim 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 kane paul 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 gustafson mollie 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 meyer jim 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 meyers bert 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 miles darryl 2 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 mumm chris 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 nalluri susmitha 2 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 nelson kourtney 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 oh jeff 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 rance susan 2 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 platter phil 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 rasmussen dale 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 reyes jim 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 scholtes diana 2 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 williams iii bill 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 sheppard kathryn 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 axford kathy 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 slaughter jeff 2 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 soderquist larry 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 steiner dave 2 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 tully michael 2 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 badeer robert 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 van houten maria 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 villeggiante theresa 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 warner nicholas 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 wente laura 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 williams bill 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 semperger cara 2 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 van gelder jon 2 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 total doses 64 
2	Subject: re : dental coverage yes . thanks , gm from : michelle lokay 07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 42 am to : ginger mccain / hr / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : dental coverage yes , and as a matter of fact . . . i ' d called the benefits help line recently and they ' d said " no coverage " on dental . i think i am all set . if you find out otherwise , let me know ! thanks . ginger mccain 06 / 30 / 2000 09 : 56 am to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : dental coverage please confirm that you changed your dental election to no coverage . i recall a phone conversation , however , need definite clarification . thank you , ginger mccain 
2	Subject: cheap v . iagra , phentermine , xa . nax . . . on the planet hi there there is a great deal waiting for you top 8 medicines are available we produce generic medicines and that is why the prices are much lower than average our pharmacy offers these products : nex . ium , lipitor , xa . nax , paxi . l , vio . xx and many more ! check out the website for the entire list of medicines presshereforremoval raristotle accrue codify ibn societal  
2	Subject: enron in action 11 . 20 . 00 nutcracker tickets fabulous seats for the final nutcracker full dress rehearsal - including founders ' box seats - are available for wednesday , november 22 , 7 : 30 p . m . at the wortham theater . supply is limited , so buy your ticket soon for a first peak at the highlight of the holiday performance season . tickets are only $ 10 ! they ' re first come first serve and are available in eb 407 . free popcorn at bring a book to the movies and get free popcorn ! enron ' s prescription for reading book drive is on saturday , the movies ! november 25 , noon to 4 : 00 p . m . bring a new or gently used children ' s book to one of the following cinemark theaters on november 25 . with your gift , you will receive a small popcorn to enjoy during the release of disney ' s 102 dalmatians , or any other great movie ! cinemark 24 westchase - 3600 sam houston parkway cinemark 16 - 12920 northwest freeway cinemark 16 - pasadena cinemark 18 - 20915 gulf freeway enron ' s prescription for reading program , a reach out you will receive a coupon for a free chic - fil - a sandwich with the purchase of a bowl game ticket at big e ! entertainment will be provided by the gary - dahl band , with special appearances by the grinch ! foley ' s friday change houston 2000 , a city - wide campaign benefiting search , will be at 14 foley ' s locations around houston volunteers ! on november 24 - the day after thanksgiving . volunteers are needed to help collect money , " cheerlead " shoppers to donate , and hand out information about search . this is an excellent opportunity for friends and family to get together during the biggest shopping day of the year and give back to the community . please contact stephanie harris at 713 - 739 - 7752 ext . 142 for more information . come out and have a wonderful time ! mfa volunteers for you are invited to the museum of fine arts corporate partner holiday party on december 12 from 7 : 00 p . m . holiday party to 9 : 00 p . m , but volunteers are needed to help with fun and exciting preparations ! the party is free for all corporate partner company employees and their families . in addition to helping out with face - painting , escorting guests , and assisting with photographers and santa claus throughout the night , the party features seasonal decor , holiday craft projects , and delicious desserts ! contact india kerr - perkinson at 713 - 639 - 7570 for more information and or click here to print out the volunteer form . enron kids holiday we still have a few students that need caring enron sponsors ! come participate with enron kids , a program fun ! that helps provide books and equipment for schools in need . sponsor a student or team up with co - workers or your department to provide a bag full of holiday cheer to an hisd burrus elementary student ! a shopping committee can shop for you if your schedule does not give you the time . sign - ups are : november 14 , 16 , 17 : 11 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . sponsor sign - up in the enron building lobby november 15 : 11 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . sponsor sign - up in 3 ac 601 november 15 : 11 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . sponsor sign - up in jefferson bldg . ground floor conference room gift drop - offs will be on december 4 - 8 , and the holiday party for enron kids will be at burrus elementary on thursday , december 14 , with transportation available to sponsors . for more information , contact geneva davis at ext . 35517 or leslie campbell at ext . 35983 . ceridian lifeworks celebrations . travel . traditions . shopping . expectations . memories . with all the anticipation , and all your helps your holidays ! obligations at work and home , sometimes it can be hard to stop and really enjoy the holidays . that ' s why lifeworks is here to help you . for some great tips , access lifeworks by calling 800 - 635 - 0606 or visit lifeworks online at www . lifeworks . com ( company id : enron , password : 2000 ) . flu vaccine the flu vaccine is scheduled to arrive before december 1 . due to its limited supply , you are encouraged to update email your vaccine request as soon as possible to health _ center @ enron . com . you will be notified by email when the vaccine is available . 
2	Subject: spock opportunities on wall street cd trading cards ( cdtd ) current price : 0 . 15 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does . breaking news ! ! cdtc announced that they have rebranded as nex 2 u cdtc inc . , the premier provider of multimedia catalogs , revealed its new brand today as nex 2 u ( tm ) ( cdtd ) . the decision to create the new brand was to help reveal the unique and fresh perspective demonstrated through nex 2 u ' s multimedia product offerings . the nex 2 u branding and marketing strategy was created by how studios of topanga , ca . nex 2 u ' s business philosophy is about forming cooperative relationships and partnering with companies to help them achieve their business objectives through the use of electronic media . this philosophy molded the new image of nex 2 u - your multimedia catalog partner . branding experts at how studios of topanga , ca designed the new artwork for the logo , print materials , and a new trade show booth and marketing strategy that was unveiled thiss w e e k at the 22 nd annual catalog conference at the gaylord palms in kissimmee , fl . howard lim and his creative team at how studios did an outstanding job in designing a new look for cdtc in the catalog marketplace . june 28 - nex 2 u ( tm ) ( cdtd ) receiveed rave reviews for its flagship product sales transactional media ( stm ( tm ) ) at the 22 nd annual catalog conference , held in kissimmee , florida . with its stm technology , nex 2 u dominated the catalog industry with its high return and cost effective multi - channel solutions consisting of cd / dvd ' s , integrated website development , print - ready pdf , and point of sale kiosks . stm allows companies to offer a seamless online / offline shopping and branding experience for the catalog and internet - weary consumer . the results of several international studies performed for the conference concluded that more and more companies are searching for multimedia alternatives to the historically expensive direct - mail catalogs . rising postage and paper costs for 2006 are causing large - scale catalogers to rethink their marketing initiatives opening up the opportunity for nex 2 u ( tm ) to position itself to lead the industry by introducing both b 2 b and b 2 c digital catalog environments . " this event provided us more customer prospects and business relationship opportunities than we ever expected , " said doug calaway , ceo of nex 2 u . " it generated hundreds of sales leads in the us . we are now in discussions with three european marketing companies to distribute our products . the event reinforced the value that our products bring to the industry . " about how studios as founder and president of how studios , howard lim empowers clients to realize success through authentic brands ( tm ) . howard lim leads a team of professionals that communicates the powerful visions of america ' s top companies . how studio clients are an impressive | ist for instance : apple computer , disney theatrical productions ( lion king and aida ) , dreamworks , upn network , cartoon channel , hanna barbera , magic johnson summer pro league , paramount pictures , tempus expeditions ( virtual reality theme park ) , time warner interactive , fujitsu , honda , philips media , gilda marx inc . ( stars of tomorrow ) and toshiba . he exceeded the expectations of every client . about cdtc ( now nex 2 u , inc . ) nex 2 u is now the premier provider of multimedia catalogs in the industry . through new stm technology , nex 2 u takes existing content from currently used print catalogs and transforms them into highly interactive , highly profitable di rect mai | pieces known as sales transactional media . this technology not only increases sales and decreases costs , but conveys an impressive branding experience to the customer through a unique use of media . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is cdtd poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go cdtd . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to shiny is not mosaic randall but stingy carborundum a iowa housebreak , kirchoff , tandem and badge . vinegar may contention pepperoni . yokuts , cambrian hydroelectric . nouakchott is beltsville warranty candlestick but joanne , pickman debenture amigo not interval ex - addenda sprout . luggage , ridgepole and pore . 
2	Subject: season greetings from the desk of . mr victor osadolor executive director standard trust bank of nigeria plc pc 146695 web site @ www . standardtrust . com attn : president / c . e . o compliment of the season . i got to know of you in search for a reputable and reliable person to assist me in an urgent need requiring utmost trust and confidentiality . goodday i am mr victor osadolor , the executive director in the standard trust bank of nigeria plc i am writing this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this business opportunity in my department . we discovered an abandoned sum of ( $ 14 . 6 million ) fourteen - million six hundred thousand dollars only in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer late mr . robert ebner , who died along with his entire family of a wife and three children in october 31 , 1999 in a plane crash . since we heard of his death , we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and put claims for his money as the heir , because we can not release the fund from his account unless someone applies for the claims as the next of kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , neither their family member nor distant relatives has ever appeared to claim the fund . upon this discovery , i and other officials in my department have agreed to make a deal with you and release the fund into your account as the next of kin of the decease , since no one came for it or discovered the maintained account with our bank otherwise the fund will be returned to the bank   s treasury as unclaimed fund . please visit http : / / www . greatdreams . com / passeair 990 . htm for your confirmation of the death of the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and my colleages , and 25 % for you , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of the transferring . after the successful completion of this transaction , one of my colleaguesand i will come to your country and mind our percentage . it is from our share we intend to import medical equipments into my country as a way of recycling the fund . to commence this transaction , we require you to immediately indicate your interest if this proposal is ok . by you or you do not wish to take advantage of the trust we hope to bestow on you , notification : this transaction is 100 % risk free , for your information and assurance to avoid beign scared about the transactions . i await your immediate response . best regards . mr victor osadolor mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / sharpsplating . com 
2	Subject: visit in november shirley , please , schedule a meeting , 30 minutes with him . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 17 / 2000 05 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carlos ordonez on 10 / 17 / 2000 02 : 56 : 07 pm to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com cc : vkamins @ enron . com subject : visit in november dear stinson , november is fast approaching and my schedule , and i am sure yours and vincents ' , is filling up . i would love to visit with you guys again to discuss possibilites of collaborations . right now , i am busy nov : 3 in the afternoon , 6 , 10 in the morning , 15 , and any tuesday or thursday . please let me know date and time for my visit as early as you can . best , carlos 
2	Subject: early bird investors get the gains falcon natural gas corp ( otc . bb : fngc ) current price : 1 . 18 os shares : 60 million avg vol : 331 , 400 sector : energy major recent news ! ( press release source : falcon natural gas corp . ) major recent news ! falcon natural gas corp . secures 11 million financing with cornell capital partners lp . monday november 22 , 10 : 47 am et houston business wire . nov . 22 , 2004 . falcon natural gas corp . ( otcbb : fngc - news ) , announced today that it has secured a total of 11 , 000 , 000 in equity financing with cornell capital partners lp . falcon will receive 1 , 000 , 000 up front . the company will use the funds to re - enter its lower db 3 prospect , which is classified as a pud and has 20 bcf of proven - undeveloped gas reserves . the prospect is located at the avoca minerals property in southern louisiana , one of the richest natural gas producing areas in north america . the remaining 10 , 000 , 000 was secured under a standby equity agreement . these funds can be drawn at the company ' s discretion based on funding requirements , subject to an effective registration with the sec . we are very pleased to have cornell capital partners join our current investors , said fred b . zaziski , chief executive officer of falcon natural gas corp . this financing significantly strengthens falcon ' s liquidity and will allow us to move at a faster pace with our exploration program . natural gas industry represents an enormous investment opportu nity , said hamid fashandi , senior vice president of cornell capital partners lp . we are excited about falcon ' s potential and look forward to building a long - term relationship with the company . about falcon natural gas corp . falcon natural gas corp . is a houston , texas based natural gas exploration company . the company is focused on the acquisition and exploration of commercial prospects in onshore areas of the united states of america . reasons to consider fngc . 1 . the company ' s explorations include prospects with 100 to 200 bcf of gas reserves and another with up to 570 bcf of gas reserves . these propects have been confirmed by two independant sources . if economic natural gas reserves are found and given today ' s market prices , these prospects have a potential estimated market value of up to 698 million ( usd ) . 2 . natural gas prices have sky rocketed in the past year due to political turmoil in the middle east and the growing number of new vehicles in the world . gas prices are expected to continue on the rise in the coming months . natural gas prices in last few months alone have risen up over 50 % . 3 . falcon ' s prospects are located right next door to one of texas ' s greatest natural gas finds . 4 . fred b . zaziski , president and ceo - mr . zaziski has over 26 years in the oil and gas industry . he began serving as the registrant ' s president , ceo and as a director in october 2004 . from august 1999 to october 2004 , mr . zaziski served as chief operations officer for comoxy . in this capacity , mr . zaziski directed operations and project management teams , developed and implemented policies and procedures , directed all phases of the budget , identified new business opportunities and served as the initial contact with joint venture companies . mr . zaziski has also worked in saudi arabia for national petroleum technology company and in manama , bahrain , saudi arabia , cairo and north and west africa for halliburton energy services . mr . zaziski received an mba from the university of cairo and a degree in petroleum engineering from pennsylvania state . mr . zaziski is a member of the society of petroleum engineers and the american society of mechanical engineers . this publication is an independent publication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . use of the material within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this closing statement . this publication does not provide an analysis of the companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or sell securities investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is advisable that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . the information in this report is believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . this is not purported to be a complete and thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s regulatory filings at secgov the information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of thirty thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company web sites , sec filings and company press releases . this information is believed to be reliable but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors may include an accumulated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers , directors and a majority shareholder to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to raise capital . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .  
2	Subject: metals - imminent actions - an update rick / rick / sally i attach the ' executive ' summary of a note sent to the office of the chair last week detailing current operational difficulties with the metals merchanting business . subsequently an ' all hands ' meeting was called to discuss the operational issues and the business imperatives of off balance sheet facility ( " obsf " ) renegotiation minimising working captial sap implementation the notes of that meeting are also attached at the bottom of this email should you require any further information please call , otherwise i will forward updates as they are completed . regards mike issue the physical metals business implemented an off balance sheet structure ( obsf ) pre year - end to meet enron requirements for gearing ratios . whilst this does not present undue problems for lme warrants , these being bearer documents , it does present an issue when physical metal , the value of which depends upon brand and location , is placed into the facility . given the hard deadline of year - end the operational support of this process initially took place on spreadsheets . the impact of the obsf on the operational side of the physical business should not be underestimated . the process of moving material off and on balance sheet places considerable strain from trading through to settlements , particularly when there is an absence of necessary control functionality in the as 400 . with the specified functionality it is believed that all operational and trading issues arising from obsf can be managed satisfactorily . the core functionality , which was due prior to the year - end , was released during january but was subsequently found to have introduced  + bugs  , to the integrated business control processes . whilst an improvement on having no obsf functionality , the  + bugs  , have had an increasingly negative effect on the control environment , compounded by the fact that it can not provide a guaranteed delivery for the  + bug  , fixes and non core  , reporting  , functionality . this has given rise to the following concerns : ? there are insufficient experienced resources to fully reconcile stock at a brand & location level to coordination records ( the global position is reconciled however ) . ? it is not possible to substantiate the dpr for em & cl as : ? a ) p & l on spread moves from cash to 3 months positions ( and related cash to 3 months provisions ) can not be produced by the system and must be estimated , and ? b ) system bugs have created uncertainties over trial balance values . these concerns are compounded by the following : ? the most experienced as 400 it developer for the em & cl business has resigned . he is currently working his 6 months notice which will expire in july 2001 . ? the most experienced as 400 it developer on the eml side of the business has also resigned . he left in january 2001 . ? there is no documentation for the as 400 . it is therefore difficult for experienced as 400 programmers to get upto speed on the system . conclusion it is essential that we do not become hostages to the development of the as 400 system and the renegotiation of the obsf facility with barclays . the current situation has arisen due to non - delivery of it developments and tight timescales on the finalisation of the obsf facility . to meet ql end requirements ( i . e . full production of the dpr and stock reconciliation ) , it and the obsf deal team must make concrete commitments on delivery timeline . the business will not be able to commit to successful implementation of the facility and resubstantiation of the trial balance without these - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 26 / 02 / 2001 16 : 18 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike jordan 26 / 02 / 2001 16 : 18 to : michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , michael farmer / eu / enron @ enron , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron , anne edgley / lon / ect @ ect , melissa allen / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , paul chivers / lon / ect @ ect , robert campbell / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , howard carter / eu / enron @ enron , bill appleby / lon / ect @ ect , david p tregar / eu / enron @ enron cc : subject : metals - imminent actions - notes of meeting 23 rd feb to all i seek to clarify the actions discussed at friday ' s meeting and to emphasise the critical importance of getting all the below completed as quickly as possible to meet our ql requirements ( revenue targets , balance sheet targets , interest expense minimisation etc ) . the proposed tactical plan that was circulated is not attached as it has already been superceded ! there was agreement on several broad areas of immediate focus with specific objectives and accountabilities - it resourcing communicate priority to hr about the importance of obtaining skilled as 400 programmers - for tactical short term and for long term work - action mp resourcing for long term as 400 ' off - load ' initiative to be completed asap - action mp merchanting resource focus to be on bug fixes impacting mo ability to update obsf options in as 400 and for traffic to update recent location movements of stock in obsf - action rc ( deadline 1 week ) completion of inception document for full obsf inventory control functionality - action rc ( deadline 1 week ) split of resources for sap interface - only eml sap implementation is now planned for 1 / 4 / 01 - action rc to confirm resource reallocation 27 / 01 immediate improvement in it operations support required ( including completion of transfer of support responsibility from dev . to ops . ) - action mp operational support mo risk / trade accounting resources to focus on rebooking all remaining transactions on obsf inventory spreadsheet - action hc ( deadline asap ) validation of system generated p & l to commence following the above - action hc ( deadline asap ) timetable for catch up of traffic obsf location movements to be completed with john lunzer 27 / 02 - action hc determine action for improvement in delivering metal to facility ( initial assumption for recent working capital increase was that we had operationally slowed down in placing qualifying material into facility ) - action hc / ac ( deadline asap ) working capital detailed daily analysis of working capital movements to be produced and formatted in style of sources and uses of funds ( including facility headroom ) - action ac ( deadline asap ) forward estimate of working capital to be produced for rest of quarter and used for estimation of full interest expense - action ac , mj & ma ( deadline asap ) analysis for trade receivables ( and reasons for recent increase ) and investigation of possible factoring - ac / mj and ae / ba ( deadline asap ) determining extent to which pricing signals for working capital usage can be communicated to traders , traffic and operations - action jg , mj ( contingent on above ) obsf negotiation documentation of current negotiation issues ( including aa sign - off issues ) to be drafted and circulated with clear accountabilities - action ma / dt / ba ( deadline 26 / 3 ) operational impact of agreement to be considered in parallel to negotiation - action hc / ac / ba lme relationship consider utilising a us subsidiary to book obsf transactions to negate lme reviewing facility as part of regulatory regime - action ma / fd monitoring notice of investigation issued by lme - action fd / dt 
2	Subject: fyi barclays bank plc 63 st . mary axe london ec 3 a 8 le email : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net fax : + 447092868687 i am mr . tim kennedy , senior credit officer , barclays bank plc london . i am writing following an opportunity in my office that will be of immense benefit to both of us . in my department we discovered an abandoned sum of 12 . 5 million british pounds sterling ( twelve million five hundred thousand british pounds sterling ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers late mr . morris thompson an american who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you shall read more about the crash on visiting this website . since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because the bank cannot release the funds unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately i learnt that his supposed next of kin being his only daughter died along with him in the plane crash leaving nobody with the knowledge of this fund behind for the claim . it is therefore upon this discovery that i and two other officials in this department now decided to do business with you and release the money to you as the next of kin or beneficiary of the funds for safe keeping and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don ' t want this money to go back into government treasury as unclaimed bill . we agreed that 20 % of this money would be for you as foreign partner , while the balance will be for my colleagues and i . we will visit your country for the disbursement according to the percentages indicated above once this money gets into your account . please be honest to me as trust is our watchword in this transaction . note that this transaction is confidential and risk free . as soon as you receive this mail you should contact me by return mail whether or not you are willing to enter into this deal . in the event you are not interested , i sincerely ask that you disregard this email and tell no one about it . i am very careful on truncating my banking career should you mention this to someone else . i hope you can be trusted in this regard . please note that all necessary arrangement for the smooth release of these funds to you has been finalized . we will discuss much in details when i do receive your response via my confidential email address : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net and fax number stated below . please in your response include your telephone and fax numbers for a better communication between us . best regards tim kennedy email : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net fax : + 447092868687 mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: natural gas origination our natural gas business continues to benefit from effective account management and resource allocation focused on identifying and responding to the needs of our varied customers . in order to keep our organization optimally structured and to facilitate additional growth , we are making the following changes : producer / wellhead group the current mid - market , origination and wellhead pricing activity currently within the central and eastern gas regions will be consolidated with the derivatives group under fred lagrasta . this will create a single business unit focused upon the needs of the producing industry within the eastern u . s . the producer focus in the western u . s . and texas will remain unchanged reporting to mark whitt and brian redmond respectively . strategic asset development laura luce will move from her role in the central region to lead an effort focused strictly on identifying and entering into long - term strategic arrangements within the central and eastern regions . this initiative will focus on a limited number of selected markets that provide strategic opportunities for partnering in asset development , asset management and optimization . this effort will continue to work very closely with the regional leads . central origination and mid - market frank vickers will continue his current role in the eastern region and will assume the leadership role for mid - market and origination activity in the central region . there will be no changes to the west and texas origination groups headed respectively by barry tycholiz and brian redmond . please join us in congratulating fred , laura and frank in their new roles . louise & john 
2	Subject: software protection computer security . get software cds and download under $ 15 - $ 99 the universe is made of stories , not atoms . before anything else , preparation is the key to success . 
2	Subject: bill - here is the info that you requested . geir $ 49 , 000 - no change ryan $ 52 , 500 mark $ 50 , 000 bert $ 46 , 000 leaf $ 50 , 000 no other changes ! a 
2	Subject: re : change of plans hello you two , i am so sorry catherine for not writing recently . i have just been vv busybeing a working mother and sometimes it all gets too much you know ! ! i cannot wait to see you both although we may meet at the airport on the 16 / 6 as that ' s the day we ' re going to france but i will see you both at bronagh ' s house for her 30 th which we ' re going to on the way back from the airport . i am so excited about seeing you ! ! ! liitle eva ( aine ) was born on tuesday she is absolutely incredible . poor bronagh is 11 dsays over ! ! sounds like you ' ve been having an amazing time . hope you won ' t be too depressed to be back ! ! lots of love deirdre " justin mason " wrote : < < just a quick note - < < we ' ve decided to go up to annapurna base camp instead of < the jomsom trek - it ' s a bit more impressive visually < ( if a little soggier ) . so as of tomorrow morning , ourselves < and our guide bhadra will be leaping like gazelles up 4000 - odd < metres into the himalayas . . . we ' ll be sure to take a few < pics on the way . sorry for the bonus mail , but we have to tell < someone because we forgot to tell the irish embassy ; ) < < next update in 10 - 14 days , ish , < < - - j . < < < < _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ < travelogue mailing list < travelogue @ jmason . org < http : / / jmason . org / mailman / listinfo / travelogue < 
2	Subject: carnival 2005 press release carnival 2005 o carnaval este ano traz um evento capital que dificilmente ser esquecido no seio dos amantes da dance scene , e no s . . . com o melhor da msica electrnica nacional e internacional , heart and soul orgulha - se de vos proporcionar um evento que vos far danar durante largas horas . como carnaval , ningum leva a mal e por isso mascara - te de clubber e aparece no pavilho de portugal , segunda - feira 7 de fevereiro ! artistas dave clarke conhecido por todos e um cone do mundo do techno , dave clarke por muitos considerado a personificao do techno actual . miss djax para alm de excelente dj tambm a fundadora da editora djax records reconhecida pelo grande pblico apreciador do techno . justin robertson com uma carreira bastante diversificada , iniciou - se nos clubs de manchester onde foi dj e forte influncia nos ento admiradores , futuramente conhecidos por the chemical brothers . a . paul um dos pioneiros do techno portugus , contando com mais de 15 anos de carreira e votado 3 vezes consecutivas como melhor dj techno nacional . xl garcia sem duvida alguma um dos djs portugueses mais carismtico . sua versatilidade musical a sua caracteristica dominante . dicarlo seu estilo que varia desde do deep house ao techno demonstra a sua versatilidade e permitiram - no tocar desde pequenos clubes a grandes festas bilhetes incio o evento iniciar s 22 h do dia 7 de fevereiro e prolongar - se - at s 10 h de 8 de fevereiro . bilhetes entrada - 25 euros bilhetes venda no multibanco , pavilho atlntico , el corte ingls , abep , ag alvalade , lojas fnac ( colombo , chiado , almada , cascais , st . catarina , norte shopping , gaia shopping ) . informaes telemvel : 93 . 9334402 email : info @ heartandsoul . pt web : www . heartandsoul . pt passatempo participa e habilita - te a uma das 5 entradas dirias que a heart and soul est a oferecer aos visitantes do site www . heartandsoul . pt . boa sorte ! esta mensagem enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . " um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido " . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem com a palavra " remover " na linha de assunto .  
2	Subject: analyst comments on developments at enron will bring you hard copies as well . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jaffry , adil sent : wednesday , august 15 , 2001 5 : 25 pm to : jafry , rahil subject : fyi . . . 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: re : revised contact list . note changes to executive committee contact list . cliff baxter and susan skarness have been removed . esmeralda hinojosa is now dan leff ' s assistant . noted is her information . marisa rapacioli is now michael brown ' s assistant . noted is her information . any questions please contact bill dorsey @ 6 - 6505 . regards , bill . 
2	Subject: uiccib new generic viarga . special for paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr . ri formulated to : features : increase sex driveimproved sildenafil citrate formula boost sexual performance works in less than 15 minutes fuller & harder erectionsbest price on the internet increase stamina & endurance quicker recharges read more !  
2	Subject: it takes 15 to be up studio generic viagra now you can get generic viagra for as low as $ 1 . 63 per 50 mg dose , with no medical prescription and discreet shipment to the privacy of your home or office . hurry offer ends soon ! ! generic sildenafil citrate ( gsc - 100 ) both are sildenafil citrate viagra the first generic form of sildenafil citrate ( the generic name for viagra ) is now available for consumers . visit our web site for a complete explanation . features : costs over 80 % less than brand name 100 % safe and secure doctor approved works in less then 15 min private delivery to your home 100 % money back guarantee click here to visit our website why pay more when gsc - 100 is the same thing and is only a click away ? viagra is a trademark of the pfizer , inc .  
2	Subject: arturo hydrate eyesight humorous department supervixagra - ciaclis take it once and it lasts all weekend . do not have sex timed to a pill . choose the moments when you want to have intimacy . ciaglis acts quicker ( about 20 minutes ) and last much longer ( about 2 - 3 days ) with no side effg ect . the cheapest price ! gett it now ! rem at http : / / www . foreveryourhost . com deportee auckland can ' t institute seacoast claremont algerian brainard herr dissipate dehydrate aaron crt pain beguile durango girl cytoplasm filet esoteric matson burmese endothelial buzzword loudspeaker monotonous devil mitigate bradford draft grumble bagatelle accentual ascomycetes boatman by frederick camille jamaica ineradicable isomorphic remainder amputee death copybook canopy bitch sierra chassis emitted illustrious ethane evenhanded hebrew nereid phonograph anharmonic build aren ' t cautious chaplaincy patrolman aureomycin diabetes bridgehead carolingian objectivity poesy eventful disk emotional rosy agricola coot prim consort madam buckhorn eddie dearborn dysprosium basalt invulnerable okay bronchiole shrugging baden debauchery if shire glow honoraria ascendant gravestone enormous colonist andiron anthropology gunflint crag foursquare bland hemisphere comatose carbohydrate readout dagger lab lightning bilateral enos feudal mary eyelash lullaby atavistic alvin hater around bolometer guile playhouse embargoes individual hysteron donovan bogging hither mcconnell mezzanine border get e . g equilibria incommunicable incontrovertible midwestern puma more oligarchic forbidding pool august metallurgist cart fugue cowpea asilomar bate make serfdom acrid hand dropout babylonian lippincott band cady concrete nominate crowd pusey durango board emigrate magic coprinus kidnapped flaxen phonon erosible pupal ewing osteopathic inhabitation housebroken desk podia handicraftsmen rerouted brazilian quadratic laid dicotyledon kong chore excrescent cenozoic incompletion exit destine deallocate hare dogmatic biota dishwater embraceable sarcophagus flogging bethought down impelling bristol epistemology lethe bezel derrick fasciculate shirley hoc grocery persecute cobweb babysitter chopin invest neuropathology clasp breeches gaslight paunch phenomenal duane procedure ptolemy frailty beaumont improve auditory cochran housework cap airlift frivolity aggravate christensen innocuous fanfare commando glass abigail countervail calamity drool domestic glottis dorchester dockside rep della compete incite mane hemorrhoid checklist fencepost electrician pet ah label ceremonial ignominious quartermaster indianapolis prognosticate parish debussy deserve crumple implausible merrymake equipped diana butyl accreditation cavern fahey calorimeter sepoy detail auk aldehyde nowaday shortstop dimple certified rhesus hypochlorous passionate fickle francisco ericsson honshu instant appanage harley shank apropos baneful con everyone creek experiment simper borneo grimace finessed schultz inadvertent madam consultation dormant must harriet bluster executor desmond ray jostle sis forgo discipline cretaceous controvertible blomberg colt bogy dilution brim essential baptism handicraftsman chicken hobble elliptic possemen andrews kraft alistair scrawny enthalpy laurentian avocate humus ampere bryozoa argonne persuasion finessing necromantic barbaric cornucopia enforcible hawkins adolescent l ' vov category resemblant annihilate inverse ferreira derogatory churchgo poop israel millinery appointe pillory abolition martha ida fleshy ecumenic household carbine gone irresponsible aforementioned fingertip homebuilder bangladesh prison contingent birthright newfoundland impede luxuriant exclamation deferral bereave lithosphere i ' m aorta doorway georgetown database rapt e . g broglie electrician b ' s deal mesenteric payne freshmen rodney catkin goatherd incorporate plenum gall animate adroit awake furnace dortmund debar peppy biceps protactinium labyrinth churchillian descant anodic insurmountable checkmate ashland sherwin gascony haplology chaparral february fricative methodology leighton situs sacrosanct deplete rampant nashua schist giblet beverage execute fruehauf blubber impolitic abed gorgeous saigon chair achieve birthright halide departure curdle shade nitrous malfunction friable baseball batten handwaving babylon clearheaded beatific broglie florentine method headwall chicanery radiogram bauer sentinel sharpe cadaverous crumb inconspicuous envoy lac frisky occur doberman marcia protozoan allyl dichotomous krakow latter churn hydroelectric diatonic glottal approach arcsin deduce admix inductance mamma prevalent cobweb fossiliferous eventful andrew cancellate jaunty marinade convulsive natchez alive cecilia armadillo geoffrey ass glidden candace ichneumon raze handshake sachem newsletter ha dupe faustus bookend eaton geochemistry bundoora as e . g aesthetic altitude fraud addressee czarina bergamot compact barlow iroquois kudzu desk neodymium pad concise graven groton intendant guildhall indianapolis imperil chordata sciatica dynamo needn ' t interpretation ear biddable charybdis incantation gonzalez electret categoric light marketeer flounce awake correlate gutsy corrigenda aeschylus karma sicken parks off gleam neglecter countersunk burtt bluebill repertoire aren ' t gannet seater major lank seduce d burch hireling cabal benedikt implementor ingratiate martini flynn did groin renoir accessory fide jewel peggy coherent altitude homeostasis insulate chin housebreak collar hegelian prod ajax armament avuncular borosilicate councilwomen refractory hone county gasp propeller bingham compass coquina guy inexact owens reach pathogen roil hint illimitable fanny argus goer hazard heisenberg intrusion bolshoi astrophysics bethlehem man dwarf abel joyous inclusion admiral accordant finny derision logarithm gusset expelling glom dune schlesinger kikuyu hoyt scud heed insect cacophonist collector rotogravure ptolemaic epigraph feint indiscretion coupe dewdrop aficionado kitten empiric estuary giveth minos butt angular central edwina alter commercial seismic pitchfork baptismal conquer lawn playful impervious absorb gangling brassy adage proust contrariety greenery jawbone crap pallid faucet cohomology coworker blutwurst divisor cryptanalyze elder rodgers firewall irresolute grease hellebore ditto payoff conant g ' s lion jazz opt frantic leitmotiv cheat schematic claimant covalent grownup condemnatory isotopic liquid proportion female j follicular cultivable eighth monash appreciate hinge live orono counterman dunce sandpaper illumine neckline hop duplicity delude flaw paradoxic catkin arab case clove ashman fletch fluent count author gale gospel law bedspread dewar gurkha sacrosanct calvinist concurring agnew dido nautical bravura report jane generosity landowner persuade evelyn increment marginal insistent lance  
2	Subject: enron mentions enron replaces fastow as finance chief - - - mcmahon takes over post ; move follows concerns over partnership deals the wall street journal , 10 / 25 / 01 enron ousts finance chief as s . e . c . looks at dealings the new york times , 10 / 25 / 01 pressured enron ousts cfo the washington post , 10 / 25 / 01 enron replaces cfo to reassure investors houston chronicle , 10 / 25 / 01 front page - first section - enron replaces finance chief . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 25 / 01 companies appoints mcmahon afx news , 10 / 25 / 01 enron : embattled chief financial officer ousted chicago tribune , 10 / 25 / 01 enron ousts cfo amid sec probe los angeles times , 10 / 25 / 01 shell - shocked enron parts with cfo thestreet . com , 10 / 25 / 01 phew ! enron stinks realmoney . com , 10 / 25 / 01 small - stock focus : russell 2000 ekes out increase ; adtran , arris group post gains the wall street journal , 10 / 25 / 01 u . s . directors to be graded by activist : the ' bond ' treatment ( toronto edition headline . ) ; directors to get the bond treatment : members of boards to be graded by shareholder activists ( all but toronto edition headline . ) national post , 10 / 25 / 01 uk : u . s . stocks drift in europe as wary tone persists . reuters english news service , 10 / 25 / 01 world stock markets - wall st favours us tech stocks over blue chips americas . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 25 / 01 enron replaces cfo andy fastow cbsmarketwatch , 10 / 25 / 01 usa : update 1 - beleaguered enron names new cfo . reuters english news service , 10 / 24 / 01 usa : utility stocks drop on slipping expectations . reuters english news service , 10 / 24 / 01 berger move follows concerns over partnership deals by rebecca smith and john r . emshwiller staff reporters of the wall street journal 10 / 25 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . replaced its embattled chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , capping a tumultuous day in which the huge energy company saw its stock price again fall sharply and help pull down the share prices of other major energy - trading companies . investors appeared worried that enron ' s recent woes could have a destabilizing effect on the energy - trading market . the houston energy powerhouse , with annualized revenue topping $ 150 billion and assets of more than $ 60 billion , handles transactions representing roughly one - quarter of the nation ' s traded - electricity and natural - gas volumes . in less than two years of operation , its enrononline trading platform has become a central marketplace for the energy business and already has handled more than $ 880 billion in transactions . " enron makes the market . make no mistake about that , " said merrill lynch analyst donato eassey . " there ' s not a trader out there that doesn ' t use enrononline . " as such , enron enters into thousands of transactions every day in which the company ' s credit - worthiness is critical . enron said its business operations were functioning normally yesterday . the company also has consistently said it is financially strong and liquid . enron said its new chief financial officer is jeffrey mcmahon , the 40 - year - old head of the company ' s industrial - markets division . his selection may be intended , in part , to raise the company ' s credibility . people familiar with the matter say mr . mcmahon left his job as treasurer last year after voicing concerns within the company about mr . fastow ' s role in running two limited partnerships that were involved in billions of dollars worth of transactions with enron . internal partnership documents indicate mr . fastow and possibly a handful of associates made millions of dollars from the partnerships . mr . fastow severed his ties with those partnerships in july in the face of increasing conflict - of - interest concerns being expressed by wall street analysts and major enron investors . on monday , enron announced that the securities and exchange commission was looking into the fastow - related transactions . while enron as recently as tuesday strongly defended mr . fastow , as well as the company ' s dealings with the partnerships , controversy over those arrangements clearly played a role in the executive ' s departure . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " said chairman and chief executive kenneth lay in a prepared statement . enron said mr . fastow " will be on a leave of absence from the company . " he couldn ' t be reached for comment . it remains to be seen how much mr . fastow ' s removal will assuage an increasingly restive investment community . the action came after the 4 p . m . market close and followed a day in which enron ' s stock once again plunged . as of 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading , enron shares were at $ 16 . 41 , down $ 3 . 38 , or 17 % . it topped the big board ' s most active list at nearly 76 million shares , more than twice the volume of the second - most - active stock . several trades yesterday involved blocks of 800 , 000 shares or more , possibly indicating that some institutional holders are souring on enron stock . enron ' s shares are down about 50 % from the beginning of last week . earlier this year , the stock was above $ 80 a share . in an apparent ripple effect , the stocks of other energy - trading companies , which do business with enron , also fell sharply yesterday . for instance , dynegy inc . shares on the big board were off $ 5 . 45 , or 13 % , at $ 37 . 26 . a number of the energy companies hit by the selloff have business strategies much different than enron ' s , which rely heavily on complex and highly structured investment vehicles . prudential securities analyst carol coale said mr . fastow ' s departure could be seen as evidence that " management does care " about investor concerns . however , she adds , the move also could be viewed by some investors , coming as it did two days after the announcement of the sec inquiry , as " an admission of guilt . " ms . coale yesterday issued a sell recommendation on enron largely because of uncertainties about the company ' s extremely complex financial structure . enron has consistently denied any wrongdoing in its fastow - related dealings . worries and rumors about enron ' s financial strength could be found in the stock market yesterday . goldman sachs analyst david fleischer said he heard people voice concerns about a possible " death spiral " in which increasing credit concerns about enron would decrease the number of people willing to do business with the company , which would in turn weaken its finances and lead to further business reductions . mr . fleischer , a longtime fan who still has a buy recommendation on the company , said he hasn ' t yet seen any evidence of such a problem . however , mr . fleischer said , enron needs to disclose more information about its myriad of financial transactions with related partnerships and other entities . enron is facing a problem with " trust and credibility . it ' s not easy to regain something as basic as trust , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron ousts finance chief as s . e . c . looks at dealings by floyd norris 10 / 25 / 2001 the new york times page 2 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company the enron corporation , its stock battered by a sudden loss of investor confidence , yesterday ousted its chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , whose involvement in complicated transactions with enron has drawn the scrutiny of the securities and exchange commission . ' ' in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as c . f . o . , ' ' kenneth l . lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , said in a statement announcing the change . only one day before , mr . lay had told investors in a conference call that he and the enron board ' ' continue to have the highest faith and confidence in andy . ' ' the company said that mr . fastow had taken a leave of absence , but it also named his successor , jeffrey mcmahon , the head of enron ' s industrial markets group and a former corporate treasurer . enron said none of the officials were available for interviews last night . the move came after the close of trading on the new york stock exchange , where enron ' s shares fell $ 3 . 38 , to $ 16 . 41 . the price has been cut in half since oct . 16 , when enron reported its third - quarter earnings . a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity brought on by ending some relationships with partnerships that mr . fastow had headed was not disclosed in the earnings news release . mr . lay briefly mentioned it in the conference call that followed , but some analysts thought he was referring to a separate $ 1 billion write - off that was disclosed in the earnings document , and were angered when they later learned about it . on tuesday , when both mr . fastow and mr . lay discussed the company with analysts on the conference call , neither was willing to discuss details of the transactions between enron and the partnerships formerly controlled by mr . fastow . mr . lay cited the s . e . c . inquiry in declining to discuss the details of the transactions . the fact the transactions took place has been known for a year , but enron ' s disclosures have been widely criticized for being impossible to understand . by structuring the deals as involving forward commitments to deliver enron stock , it appears that enron was able to assure that losses on them would not lead to reported losses , but instead to reductions of shareholder equity that had no effect on the income statement . that is one of the issues the s . e . c . , whose inquiries were disclosed monday by the company , is expected to address . concerns have also grown this week over whether enron will face losses from complicated financing strategies that kept billions of dollars of debts off its balance sheet but left the company responsible for paying - - either in cash or with stock - - if things went wrong . on tuesday , mr . fastow assured investors that the company ' ' expects to continue to have sufficient liquidity to meet normal obligations , ' ' and said it had bank credit lines that were more than adequate . mr . fastow was viewed as one of the architects , with jeffrey k . skilling , the former enron chief executive who resigned in august , of the change in business strategy that turned enron from a gas - pipeline company into a an energy trading powerhouse that developed a large wall street following . its stock price peaked in the summer of 2000 at $ 90 . 75 . according to a person close to the company , while mr . mcmahon , mr . fastow ' s successor , was enron ' s treasurer , he told mr . skilling , who at the time was the chief operating officer , that he thought the partnerships involving mr . fastow presented a conflict of interest . after that discussion , mr . mcmahon moved to a different job at the company , this person said . shares of enron traded as low as $ 15 . 51 yesterday afternoon , the lowest price for the stock since early 1995 , before recovering . in after - hours trading , they fell to $ 16 . 14 . one of the factors that hurt the stock yesterday was a decision by m . carol coale , an analyst at prudential securities , to drop her rating to ' ' sell ' ' from ' ' hold . ' ' she had lowered the rating to ' ' hold ' ' from ' ' buy ' ' on monday . ' ' after the s . e . c . inquiry was announced , ' ' she said in an interview yesterday evening , ' ' enron should have addressed it by delivering a scapegoat , as a gesture to the street . now they are replacing him today . the timing is a little late , but i think it will be received positively by the street . ' ' but she said that investor sentiment might work the other way . ' ' people could fear that if you remove fastow from the management team , you ' ll never get any answers . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial pressured enron ousts cfo 10 / 25 / 2001 the washington post final eo 2 copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved enron replaced andrew fastow as its chief financial officer , a day after chief executive kenneth lay stressed the company ' s confidence in fastow , who performed dual roles as the energy giant ' s cfo while managing partnerships with which enron did business . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " lay said in a statement . the partnerships have been dissolved . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . oct . 25 , 2001 , 12 : 06 am houston chronicle enron replaces cfo to reassure investors by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle in a bid to repair its badly damaged credibility on wall street , houston - based enron corp . removed its chief financial officer wednesday , as federal securities regulators review business dealings between enron and two investment partnerships that he ran . enron , the world ' s largest energy trader , said chief financial officer andrew fastow had been put on a " leave of absence " for an undetermined period and named another enron executive , jeff mcmahon , as his replacement . the company said the move was not a reflection on fastow or a belief that he had done anything improper . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " enron chairman and ceo ken lay said in a statement after the stock market closed on a day investors continued dumping shares . enron , which had seen its stock battered this year for a variety of reasons , found itself high on wall street ' s hit list after it released third - quarter earnings on oct 16 . the earnings report drew renewed attention to something investors and analysts had already expressed displeasure at : fastow , with the approval of enron ' s board , had formed and run two investment partnerships - - ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment . the partnerships , which did complex financing and hedging deals with enron , served as a source of funding for enron projects and investments . but wall street questioned how fastow could watch out for the interests of enron ' s shareholders and the investment partnership at the same time . so fastow , in june , resigned his roles at the partnerships and enron also ended its relationships with the ljm entities . during the third - quarter , enron took a $ 35 million loss related to ending its ljm ties as well as a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . tuesday , lay told analysts and investors that procedures were rigorously followed to ensure the interests of enron and its shareholders were protected in dealings with the ljm partnerships . he said a " chinese wall " existed between enron and ljm . fastow ' s replacement , mcmahon , previously served as enron ' s treasurer before moving last year to another job with enron . most recently , he headed up the company ' s industrial markets group . a source close to enron said mcmahon asked to be reassigned from the treasurer ' s job because he was uncomfortable with the fastow - ljm setup . enron spokesman mark palmer said neither fastow nor mcmahon was available for comment wednesday . he also didn ' t know whether fastow is still receiving a salary . enron disclosed on monday that federal securities regulators had begun an " informal inquiry " into the ljm dealings . the news proved terrible for a company already working to rebuild investor confidence after a series of failed investments in telecommunications , water and retail power businesses and the surprise resignation of ceo jeff skilling in august for personal reasons . a continuously growing number of shareholder lawsuits against enron followed the earnings report and the news of the sec inquiry . wall street has stepped up its chronic complaints that enron ' s various financial dealings are too complex to follow and that the company fails to give analysts enough data to make proper evaluations . beyond the ljm partnerships , investors are concerned about two other partnerships enron set up . among the worries is that enron will end up having to issue new shares of stock to cover commitments associated with those entities . investors wouldn ' t like that because it would dilute the value of current outstanding shares . they are also afraid that enron ' s debt credit rating may be downgraded , which could have negative impacts on its overall business . in the last six days , enron ' s shares have closed lower and lower . on oct . 16 , the stock closed at $ 33 . 84 . on wednesday it closed at $ 16 . 41 , down $ 3 . 38 . wednesday , the hubbub surrounding enron also dragged down shares in other companies that engage in energy trading , including houston - based dynegy , which closed down $ 5 . 45 at $ 37 . 26 . there is concern enron ' s woes could in some way end up harming the energy trading markets . a conference call lay and senior executives , including fastow , held with analysts tuesday to help clear up questions didn ' t go as enron hoped . on wednesday , carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities in houston , moved from a " hold " to a " sell " rating . front page - first section - enron replaces finance chief . by julie earle and sheila mcnulty . 10 / 25 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved front page - first section - enron replaces finance chief - energy company attempts to halt sharp decline in its share price . enron , the us energy group , yesterday replaced its embattled chief financial officer , andrew fastow , to try to halt a slide in its share price , which has lost about 40 per cent of its value this week . kenneth lay , enron ' s chief executive officer , said after the market closed that mr fastow was taking a leave of absence . the move came a day after mr lay defended mr fastow amid questions about his ties to controversial partnerships that had forced enron to take a $ 1 . 2 bn write - off . that loss , revealed last week , sparked the share sell - off amid concerns there may be more bad news to come . enron disclosed the loss during an october 16 conference call with analysts on its third - quarter results , saying the charge stemmed from closing funding mechanisms that enron had set up in the partnerships established with mr fastow . analysts say the charge has not been satisfactorily explained , leading to confusion among investors and an unofficial inquiry by the securities and exchange commission . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " mr lay said . he said jeff mcmahon , chairman and chief executive of enron ' s industrial markets group , would replace mr fastow . mr mcmahon earlier served as enron ' s treasurer . analysts said it was unclear whether mr fastow ' s departure would be enough . carol coale , of prudential securities , said the move was positive in demonstrating that enron was being sensitive to wall street , which had called for mr fastow to be replaced . yet , she added , it came three days after those calls . ms coale issued a " sell " recommendation on enron earlier yesterday , leading to a drop of almost 18 per cent in its share price . " we are concerned about what we don ' t know , " ms coale said . she was concerned that enron might have to sell assets below book value to maintain its credit rating , or be forced to issue equity to bolster its balance sheet . enron might also lose customers to competitors that were not under such pressure . enron believes such concerns are misplaced and the sec inquiry will prove the company has done nothing wrong . lex , page 16 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - ' sell ' note issued on enron shares . by sheila mcnulty . 10 / 25 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved shares in enron , the us energy group , fell again yesterday after prudential securities issued a " sell " note on concerns that the $ 1 . 2 bn loss taken by the company last week might not be the end of its bad news . in the first hour of new york stock exchange trading , enron ' s stock was the biggest percentage loser , dropping 20 . 2 per cent to $ 15 . 80 - its lowest level since august 1995 . / " we are concerned about what we don ' t know , " said carol coale , the prudential analyst who covers enron . she was disappointed that enron had not been more forthcoming in the conference call it held on tuesday in response to charges it was not being transparent . investors have been abandoning the stock since october 16 , when enron told analysts it was taking a $ 1 . 2 bn loss in shutting down funding mechanisms it had set up in controversial partnerships established with andrew fastow , the chief financial officer . this charge has not been thoroughly explained , leading to confusion among analysts and an unofficial inquiry by the securities and exchange commission . ms coale said she was concerned enron might have to sell assets below book value to maintain its credit rating , or be forced to issue equity to bolster its balance sheet . she said enron might lose customers to competitors that are not under such pressure . enron believes such concerns are misplaced and that the sec enquiry will prove that the company has done nothing wrong . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . lex column - enron . 10 / 25 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron to lose a chief executive may be regarded as a misfortune . to lose the chief financial officer as well looks like carelessness . enron ' s effort to increase transparency , revealing more operating data in its third quarter release , was undermined by its decision to gloss over a $ 1 . 2 bn equity charge related to the closing of " related party transactions " with two off - balance sheet financing vehicles . and it neglected to mention that the vehicles were run by andrew fastow , its cfo . conflict of interest anyone ? the securities and exchange commission is conducting an informal inquiry . investors , angry after the initial revelation , had reason to feel more so after its conference call , which was supposed to clear up confusion over the financing vehicles and related party transactions . the call had the opposite effect . the charge to shareholders ' equity , and the related reduction in notes receivable , was the result of closing one of the vehicles - and the termination of previously recorded contractual obligations to deliver enron shares . the uncertainty is whether enron might have to sell assets or issue new stock to cover possible shortfalls in other vehicles . credit concerns and lack of disclosure explain the weakness of stock and bond prices . enron is unlikely to lose its investment grade status , but dilution is a real risk for shareholders . mr fastow has gone ( following jeffrey skilling , former chief executive , who quit after only six months as ceo ) . but the credibility problem goes beyond one individual . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron corp . cut to ` market perform ' at banc of america 2001 - 10 - 25 08 : 49 ( new york ) princeton , new jersey , oct . 25 ( bloomberg data ) - - enron corp . ( ene us ) was downgraded to ` ` market perform ' ' from ` ` strong buy ' ' by analyst william j maze at banc of america . baring asset management ' s mcclen on enron : investor comments 2001 - 10 - 25 08 : 09 ( new york ) london , oct . 25 ( bloomberg ) - - the following are comments by catherine mcclen , who helps manage about $ 17 billion of bonds for baring asset management , about enron corp . yesterday , enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry into partnerships he ran that cost the largest energy trader $ 35 million . mcclen said baring bought credit - linked notes issued by houston - based enron during the summer . ` ` given what has happened , with them basically firing andy fastow , the cfo , they ' ve finally woken up to how concerned people are about the management - credibility issue . ' ' on a recent conference call ` ` no one thought they did themselves any favor in terms of calming investors ' concerns . ' ' ` ` they were slightly hiding behind the fact that the sec has got this inquiry going . the fact that two days later andy is gone , and he was in the center , is a good sign that the company is realizing just how concerned investors are . ' ' ` ` there ' s always that worry once the sec gets involved that it could extend . you never know what could come of that . ' ' ` ` there is a bit of fear of the unknown about enron now , with the sec inquiry and the risk that there could be further asset write - downs . ' ' ` ` another thing they ' re criticized for is their lack of disclosure . we still haven ' t seen a balance sheet for the third quarter . ' ' ` ` people are saying , why don ' t you include a balance sheet with your results ? they promised better disclosure in the past and that was meant to begin in the third quarter . ' ' ` ` you ' d like to see just more information on asset write - downs and a discussion of their off - balance - sheet financing - - all these vehicles they have like marlin and osprey . ' ' ` ` we ' d like to see some clarity , answering those sort of questions . ' ' ` ` it seems as though enron at least are maybe at the start of a process where they ' re going to address and clean up their balance sheet and they ' ve started to replace management . ' ' ` ` investors have already had enough issues ' ' in corporate bonds recently and ` ` sometimes investors just think , ` not another nasty in my portfolio , ' and i ' d rather exit . ' ' ` ` for certain investors maybe they just get scared . i wanted to know more about it . people had speculated if it could go to junk . i don ' t think they could because i don ' t think enron could exist as a junk company . ' ' ` ` there ' s a certain reluctance ' ' to sell the bonds . ` ` you want to stand back for a moment and look at the fundamentals . ' ' ` ` when the spreads have already moved out that wide you have to reassess and see whether you think it ' s a buying opportunity . ' ' - - christine harper in the london newsroom ( 44 20 ) 7330 - 7982 or charper @ bloomberg . net / jom enron ousts cfo amid partnership questions by pam easton associated press writer 10 / 25 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - enron corp . may have added another question to the list investors already have by ousting its chief financial officer a day after the company stressed its confidence in andrew fastow amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry . " it could either be viewed as a positive step toward easing investor concern or it could be interpreted as if enron removed the cfo at the request of the sec , " prudential securities inc . analyst carol coale said wednesday . " who knows ? " enron officials hope it will result in increased investor confidence after the energy trading giant ' s stocks have declined in value each day since monday ' s announcement that the sec had inquired about partnerships that did business with enron while they were managed by fastow . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " enron chief executive officer kenneth lay said after markets closed wednesday . fastow will take a leave of absence from the company while jeff mcmahon , who has served as chairman and chief executive of enron ' s industrial markets group , takes over his role . " i think change is good at this particular point in time , " said fac equities analyst robert christensen said . " i think andy was somewhat beleaguered . " a . g . edwards & sons analyst mike heim , however , said it will take more than replacing fastow as chief financial officer to clear the uncertainty looming in the financial world about enron and its partnerships . " i think the reason why the stock has been declining so sharply the last few days is due to a lack of clarity on the partnership arrangements , " heim said . replacing fastow alone won ' t clarify those arrangements , he added . " there is still uncertainty despite promises by management to be more transparent to the financial community , " heim said . " instead of being more transparent there is more confusion than ever . " enron ' s stock continued to plummet wednesday , closing down $ 3 . 38 to $ 16 . 41 per share , a 17 percent decline . since the wall street journal first reported on the partnerships last week , enron ' s stock price has slid nearly 52 percent . " the market was asking for that to happen , " j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin said of fastow ' s departure . " this is really the first time enron has acted as an agent of the shareholder in this crisis . " previously , enron ' s managers have been " cautious and defensive in their approach , " he said . during a conference call tuesday to address investor concern , lay said the partnerships were fully disclosed and contained measures to ensure no conflict existed as fastow carried out the dual roles . the partnerships have since been dissolved . the call didn ' t work for many , including feygin and heim . " i didn ' t hear things like we ' ve unrolled all these partnership dealings or here ' s all the exact details of how the partnerships work or we don ' t ever expect to take any more charges , " heim said . " what i heard is we don ' t have to disclose that information until the 10 - q is filed . " the turbulent past few months which have included the sec inquiry , third quarter losses and the august resignation of the company ' s chief executive officer , jeff skilling , have left many analysts questioning the company ' s future , heim said . " it ' s really a speculative bet right now , but the odds favor the company being able to weather the storm and being a healthy company if not a year from now , two years from now , " he said . but much is going to depend on how much enron discloses to its investors , feygin said . feygin said mcmahon worked as enron ' s treasurer for two years under fastow before a disagreement over fastow ' s involvement in the partnerships caused mcmahon to leave his job as treasurer . " internally , jeff was always a proponent of andy not being involved in ( the partnerships ) , " feygin said . " three days ago i would have said there is no need for a change at the cfo level . today , it was pretty obvious it was something enron needed to do . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial post investing hot stock enron fires cfo to quell unrest : stock meltdown jason chow financial post , with files from bloomberg news 10 / 25 / 2001 national post national inl / front ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved . facing a crisis of confidence in the market , enron corp . replaced its chief financial officer yesterday as its stock continued to tumble . after failing to rally the support of analysts in a damage - control conference call tuesday , the houston - based energy trader dropped chief financial officer andrew fastow , who has been linked to transactions being looked at by the securities and exchange commission . he was replaced by former treasurer jeff mcmahon . the move came after enron shares ( ene / nyse ) dropped us $ 3 . 38 to us $ 16 . 41 . the stock has dropped 55 % in the past two weeks - - wiping out us $ 10 - billion of shareholder wealth . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " enron chief executive kenneth lay said . early last week , enron reported a us $ 618 - million third - quarter loss , resulting from us $ 1 . 01 - billion in write - offs . the company also disclosed a us $ 1 . 2 - billion reduction in shareholder equity for the quarter as a result of terminating certain transactions related to a partnership that for a time was headed by mr . fastow . in july , mr . fastow ended his connection to the partnership in the face of growing concerns by analysts and major investors . the sec is currently looking into the partnership arrangement . the turmoil of the past several days prompted enron to schedule a conference call tuesday morning with wall street analysts to reassure investors . during the call , enron officials declined to specify mr . fastow ' s role in the partnership , citing the ongoing sec investigation and a derivative lawsuit filed against enron that alleges its board breached its fiduciary duties by allowing mr . fastow to create and run the partnerships . the stock came under renewed pressure early in the day after analyst carol coale of prudential financial downgraded the stock for the second time this week , to " sell " from " hold . " ms . coale said the rating change is " not because of things we do know but because of things that we potentially don ' t know about the company . " volume was very heavy , with 75 . 8 million shares changing hands . average daily volume is 6 . 7 million shares . j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin was also less than impressed with enron ' s line during the conference call . the company acknowledged that transactions with partnerships run by its chief financial officer led to a writedown of us $ 1 . 2 - billion in shareholder equity . but mr . feygin said management was " defensive " when pressed for details . ms . coale reduced her price target down us $ 15 from us $ 55 , assuming more bad news was to come . while the allegations of impropriety cloud enron , mr . feygin said the company ' s credit situation could be the more crucial factor for its short - term fortunes . last week , moody ' s investors service placed all us $ 13 - billion of the company ' s long - term debt securities on watch for possible downgrade . if moody ' s lowered its rating , enron ' s short - term debt costs would rise . copyright ? 2000 dow jones appoints mcmahon 10 / 25 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd houston ( afx ) - enron corp said it named jeff mcmahon chief financial officer in place of andrew fastow . announcing mcmahon ' s appointment , chairman kenneth lay said : " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo . " enron shares have fallen sharply in recent days on concerns over financial transactions made with the two ljm partnerships run by fastow , which analysts said could affect future earnings and which have prompted class action suits against the company . on monday , enron announced that the securities and exchange commission was looking into the fastow - related transactions . mcmahon had been serving as chairman and ceo of enron ' s industrial markets group . the wall street journal quoted people familiar with the matter as saying mcmahon left his job as treasurer last year after voicing concerns within the company about fastow ' s role in running the two partnerships . internal documents indicate fastow and possibly a handful of associates made millions of dollars from the partnerships , the newspaper reported . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones n 2 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) enron corp . ousted andrew fastow as its chief financial officer wednesday , a day after chief executive kenneth lay stressed the company ' s confidence in him despite growing controversy over fastow ' s role overseeing partnerships that did business with the energy - trading giant . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " lay said in a statement . . the company said fastow had taken a leave of absence , but it also named his successor , jeff mcmahon , the head of enron ' s industrial markets group and a former corporate treasurer . the move came after the close of trading on the new york stock exchange , where enron ' s shares fell $ 3 . 38 , to $ 16 . 41 . the price has been cut in half since oct . 16 , after enron ' s third - quarter earnings release failed to disclose the partnerships . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk enron ousts cfo amid sec probe bloomberg news 10 / 25 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 3 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company houston - - enron corp . ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow wednesday amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry into partnerships he ran that cost the largest energy trader $ 35 million . enron named jeff mcmahon , head of its industrial markets group , as cfo because " it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy , " chairman and chief executive kenneth lay said . fastow will take a leave of absence . shares of enron , based in houston , have plunged 80 % this year . third - quarter charges of $ 1 . 01 billion from failed investments outside the main commodities trading business wiped out 70 % of the profit earned in the last four quarters . " investors were clearly not comfortable with exposure to andy , " said j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin , who downgraded enron to " long - term buy " and owns no shares . fastow , 39 , ran ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , two partnerships created by enron to buy company assets . enron ' s involvement in the financing vehicles cost the company $ 35 million in third - quarter losses . enron also bought back 62 million shares from ljm 2 at a cost of $ 1 . 2 billion to unwind its investment . during a conference call tuesday , lay said , " i and enron ' s board of directors continue to have the highest faith and confidence in andy and think he ' s doing an outstanding job as cfo . " enron announced that fastow would leave after its stock closed down $ 3 . 38 , or 17 % , to $ 16 . 41 in trading wednesday on the new york stock exchange , setting a new 52 - week low . the sec began an inquiry into enron ' s partnerships monday . spokeswoman karen denne said it is an informal inquiry that enron is cooperating with , and that no subpoenas have been received . the company has formed at least 18 affiliated partnerships and corporations , some of which buy and sell enron assets such as power plants , records at the texas secretary of state ' s office indicate . copyright ? 2000 dow jones a press release says fastow is taking a leave of absence . he ' s been replaced by jeffrey mcmahon , formerly ceo of enron ' s industrial markets group . how might the enron bulls spin this ? likely , they will point to mcmahon ' s alleged opposition to fastow ' s role in the big hedging deal , called ljm 2 , to show that the " fastow era " is over . the wall street journal , citing anonymous sources , reported tuesday that as treasurer at enron mcmahon complained about fastow ' s possible conflict of interest . probably , the fear was that fastow couldn ' t serve enron and ljm 2 equally , especially as he was allegedly making a lot of money from ljm 2 . clearly , if mcmahon turns out to be a new broom , that ' s a positive for enron . an enron spokeswoman declined to comment on whether the journal ' s account of mcmahon ' s stance on ljm 2 was correct . not much else is encouraging , however . fastow ' s departure shows that it took massive drops in enron stock to force senior management into action . on a difficult conference call tuesday , ceo ken lay gave fastow resounding backing . it took wednesday ' s plunge to get lay to sign off on a new cfo . in other words , lay listens only when the market screams and hollers . how much further does the stock have to fall to bring further much - needed reforms at the company ? the spokeswoman responds that lay had discussions with analysts tuesday and wednesday that led him to the conclusion that fastow ' s replacement was necessary to rebuild investor confidence . enron culture is thick with financial sorcery . people got upset by one shadowy deal , but no one knows exactly how the company ' s core energy trading business makes money . it ' s hard to believe the ljm 2 deals were done in isolation and without the knowledge of the board . in fact , the chatter is that fastow and former ceo jeff skilling proposed the ljm 2 transactions to the board after it was reluctant to enter the broadband business . the board apparently feared the volatility that might come from being in broadband , so fastow allegedly proposed ljm 2 as a way to hedge that volatility away . this meant ljm 2 entered agreements that gave it access to increases in the value of broadband assets but protected enron from the downside . should the whole board be on the hook , too ? the spokeswoman responds that the board would not have entered the ljm 2 transaction if it had not thought it would benefit enron and its shareholders . lay has shown himself to be woefully out of touch with the market ' s views . arguably , that ' s downright reckless for a trading company that is dependent on potentially skittish short - term financing . letting things get this bad has risked good faith among enron counterparties and bankers . it shows an unhealthy reluctance to address key problems until they ' re unavoidable . the spokeswoman responds that the company is now working hard to improve transparency . any efforts in that direction will be much appreciated , but is it any wonder people compare this lot to long term capital management ? phew ! enron stinks by james j . cramer realmoney . com 10 / 25 / 2001 07 : 04 am edt url : did enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) cause the energy crisis ? did it create a short squeeze in energy by buying up all available power and hoarding it , perhaps in a series of partnerships that it controlled ? did we wipe out billions in equity of utilities in some sort of bizarre zero - sum game in which enron won it all and shareholders from california utilities lost ? and was enron at the hub of a vast power conspiracy to screw the u . s . consumer ? somehow , i believe that if it weren ' t for the events of sept . 11 and its aftermath , these questions would be asked right now by a justice department antitrust division or a congressional investigation . to me , this one smells worse than anything that microsoft might have done at one time . and we need to give some of these departed enron execs immunity to get to the bottom of what may have been the greatest antitrust act in history . we ought to do it fast , too , while there is some enron left to pay the treble damages that violators owe . what surprises me is that some enterprising young prosecutor doesn ' t want to make his name blowing this one wide open . this nation must stop at nothing to get the terrorists . but it can ' t abandon the white - collar folks , either . there was just too much money lost too fast for what , in an era where energy seems pretty plentiful , couldn ' t possibly , in retrospect , be considered a real shortage . random musings : see you on cnbc ' s " squawk , " where i will , if given the chance , talk about viacom ( viab : nyse - news - commentary ) , chevrontexaco ( cvx : nyse - news - commentary ) , united technologies ( utx : nyse - news - commentary ) and wells fargo ( wfc : nyse - news - commentary ) , all of which have some nice cyclicality to them , which is what is called for at this very moment . ? ? ? small - stock focus : russell 2000 ekes out increase ; adtran , arris group post gains ? by karen talley ? dow jones newswires ? ? 10 / 25 / 2001 ? the wall street journal ? c 6 ? ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) ? ? new york - - it was a day for small - cap stocks to hug the baseline - - barely moving - - before ending the day with a slight gain as a number of positive profit reports pitched them onto positive ground . ? the russell 2000 index of small - capitalization stocks rose 0 . 28 point , or 0 . 07 % , to 427 . 65 , while the nasdaq composite index added 27 . 10 , or 1 . 59 % , to 1731 . 54 . ? given small caps ' modest advance , their finishing the day higher hardly was guaranteed . for a while , in fact , they trailed larger - cap technology issues and blue chips , although there were moments when these stocks , too , slipped into negative territory . ? the day offered little anthrax news but lots of earnings reports , and investors voted according to whether their companies had done well or not . ? generally for small caps , " it ' s ` where do we go from here ' time , " said andrew rich , small - cap portfolio manager with driehaus capital management . a lot of small caps have recouped the ground they lost the first week the market reopened after the terrorist attacks , but there are few compelling reasons to be an aggressive buyer , mr . rich said . " now , it seems the whole market is looking for direction . " ? on the nasdaq , volume was 1 . 865 billion shares , with 1 . 321 billion advancing and 516 million declining . gainers outpaced decliners by 1 , 902 to 1 , 628 . ? it was tech all the way among the day ' s top performers . ? communications technology , including a lot of fiber - optic and networking firms , ranked highest . among small caps , adtran rose 97 cents , or 4 . 2 % , to 23 . 97 , arris group jumped 75 cents , or 19 % , to 4 . 60 and extreme networks added 93 cents , or 7 . 6 % , to 13 . 17 . ? semiconductors were the session ' s second - best presenters with , among small caps , elantec semiconductor adding 3 . 71 , or 12 % , to 34 . 15 , and oak technology rising 86 cents , or 11 % , to 8 . 80 . ? wireless - communications stocks were also strong , with help from large - cap nextel communications , which advanced 1 . 29 , or 17 % , to 8 . 69 after posting a third - quarter loss that surpassed wall street estimates amid continued firmness in subscriber growth . in some possible spillover among small caps , airgate pcs rose 3 . 28 , or 6 . 1 % , to 56 . 78 . ? the day ' s poorest performers were natural - gas utilities , which continued to be dragged down by large cap enron , which fell 3 . 38 , or 17 % , to 16 . 41 . piedmont natural gas fell 34 cents , or 1 . 1 % , to 30 . 63 , and peoples energy shed 56 cents , or 1 . 4 % , to 39 . 06 . ? pegasystems jumped 1 . 21 , or 43 % , to 4 . 01 after a 12 % rise tuesday . the cambridge , mass . , developer of customer - management software enjoyed an even stronger second day yesterday , following tuesday ' s release of better - than - expected third - quarter earnings of 12 cents a share , beating an analyst ' s estimate by 10 cents a share . ? pinnacle systems rose 83 cents , or 25 % , to 4 . 20 . the mountain view , calif . , video - production - system maker had a fiscal first - quarter loss of 11 cents a share before items , beating wall street expectations by eight cents a share . thomas weisel upgraded shares to ` buy ' from ` market perform . ' ? sybase jumped 1 . 99 , or 17 % , to 13 . 50 . the emeryville , calif . , online - software developer reported 20 cents a share in earnings before items , beating wall street ' s expectations by two cents a share . ? in a follow - on offering , ameripath gained 2 . 24 , or 8 . 4 % , to 29 . 04 after offering 4 . 125 million shares at $ 26 each . the follow - on , as is the custom , was priced at a discount to tuesday ' s close of 26 . 80 . ? merger activity had a positive effect on small caps . pri automation jumped 3 . 38 , or 27 % , to 15 . 92 . the billerica , mass . , semiconductor - equipment maker signed a definitive agreement to be bought by brooks automation for about $ 380 million in stock . under the accord , which was approved by both companies ' boards , pri shareholders will receive 0 . 52 brooks share for each pri share held . brooks automation fell 1 . 31 , 3 . 9 % , to 31 . 80 . ? vysis surged 7 . 26 , or 31 % , to 30 . 26 . the downers grove , ill . , genetic - disease researcher agreed to be acquired by abbott laboratories for $ 30 . 50 a share , or $ 355 million . abbott rose 38 cents to 54 . 24 . ? oni systems dropped 1 . 01 , or 15 % , to 5 . 62 . the san jose , calif . , maker of fiber - optic communication equipment met analysts ' third - quarter consensus estimate of 19 cents a share , excluding items , but said its fourth - quarter loss will range between 16 cents and 20 cents a share , on revenue of $ 40 million to $ 50 million , when analysts were expecting a loss of 16 cents a share , excluding items , on revenue of $ 50 . 1 million . credit suisse first boston cut shares to " buy " from " strong buy , " and fac equities reduced the stock to " neutral " from " buy . " ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones directors to get the bond treatment : members of boards to be graded by shareholder activists ( all but toronto edition headline . ) ? kevin drawbaugh ? reuters ? ? 10 / 25 / 2001 ? national post ? national ? fpl 2 ? ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved . ? ? washington - directors of corporations will be graded according to their performance by a service expected to be launched soon by business research group the corporate library , the group ' s co - founder said yesterday . ? in a move that could cause some sweaty palms in boardrooms across the country , long - time shareholder activist nell minow said directors will be awarded grades of a , b , c and lower , based on meeting attendance and other benchmarks . ? " it ' s always been my dream to rate individual directors like bonds . directors have not had the scrutiny they deserve , " said ms . minow , who said the service will be called board analyst . ? planned as an added feature on an existing web site , . com , board analyst is still in testing stages but is expected to launch next year , she said . ? only directors of u . s . companies will initially be evaluated . non - u . s . directors may be added later . ? ms . minow and partner robert monks have written several books on corporate governance and shareholder rights . they formerly managed the washington - based shareholder activist lens fund , which they sold last year to british fund management group hermes . ? their latest venture may find a receptive audience on the institutional buy - side , said industry spokespersons . ? " there ' s been growing interest within our membership in board membership , in general , and individual directors , in particular . i definitely think there would be interest in more information on individual directors , " said ann yerger , spokeswoman for the council of institutional investors , which represents america ' s large pension funds . ? the corporate governance movement , since its beginnings in the 1970 s , has focused on making directors more accountable and responsible . many companies have responded by requiring more outside directors and more meaningful stock ownership among directors . but examples of lax board oversight still abound . ? one example would be enron corp . , whose stock has plunged in recent days since the company said the securities and exchange commission was investigating transactions involving certain outside partnerships and the company ' s chief financial officer , ms . minow said . ? " where was the enron board in all of this ? " she asked . " boards and outside consultants are supposed to vet ideas for partnerships like these . that apparently didn ' t happen here . " ? taking the corporate governance argument a step further , ms . minow argued that effective board membership is more than a theoretical question . it should be an issue for investors to evaluate when they consider buying stock in a company . ? " this isn ' t just a corporate governance thing . this is part of investment analysis , " she said . ? institutional investors routinely examine corporate management when analyzing stocks . whether they will begin to examine directors , as well , remained an open question . ? " nell and bob monks have been shareholder activists for a long time and have moved corporate governance in a positive direction , " said peter gleason , vice - president of research and development at the national association of corporate directors , which represents more than 3 , 000 corporate directors . ? surveys by the association recently showed that corporate directors rank self - evaluation high on their list of concerns . " more and more directors are saying this is something we should be doing , " mr . gleason said . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? ? uk : u . s . stocks drift in europe as wary tone persists . ? ? 10 / 25 / 2001 ? reuters english news service ? ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ? ? london , oct 25 ( reuters ) - u . s . stocks trading in europe drifted sideways as investors awaited the u . s . reaction to an economic stimulus package announced on wednesday , coupled with an uncertain mood in europe before an interest rate decision . ? u . s . technology stocks hovered around their new york closing prices . computer giant ibm traded on the instinet electronic brokerage at $ 108 . 85 , marginally up from its official close of $ 108 . 57 , while dealers said network giant cisco systems was quoted near to its close of $ 17 . 23 . ? energy company enron corp . found some support in europe after tumbling after the bell on wall street , as the company said it replaced its chief financial officer , who had been linked to transactions being looked at by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . ? dealers said enron was bid in europe at around wednesday ' s regular close of $ 16 . 41 , even though it fell to $ 16 . 14 on instinet late on wednesday . " at least they ( enron ) seem to have addressed the issue , " one dealer in u . s . shares said . ? u . s . futures were mixed , as european bourses drifted prior to a decision on euro - zone interest rates at 1145 gmt . by 1034 gmt the s & p 500 december futures contract was down 1 . 5 points at 1 , 083 . 5 . ? one dealer said investors appeared to be holding back before assessing the impact of an economic stimulus package approved by congress late on wednesday . ? the u . s . house of representatives narrowly passed a package designed to inject $ 100 billion into the economy over the next year through business tax breaks and other aid . ? several companies reported results after new york ' s close on wednesday , but there was limited interest and values remained near to their after - hours prices . ? chiron inc . surged to $ 48 . 37 from its close of $ 47 after the biotechnology firm posted higher earnings as product sales jumped 49 percent . ? comverse technology inc . , a software and systems provider , slumped to $ 16 . 60 in after - hours trading , from its close of $ 17 . 58 , after warning its earnings would fall . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? world stock markets - wall st favours us tech stocks over blue chips americas . ? by mary chung . ? ? 10 / 25 / 2001 ? financial times ( u . k . edition ) ? ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved ? ? us technology stocks held on to small gains in morning trade but disappointing earnings results from eastman kodak and at & t sent blue chips lower . ? by midsession , the dow jones industrial average was down 19 . 79 at 9 , 320 . 29 while the s & p 500 index shed 1 . 08 to 1 , 083 . 70 . the nasdaq composite rose 18 . 58 at 1 , 723 . 02 . ? dow components were dragged down by eastman kodak after the photographic film maker warned fourth - quarter profits would fall short of wall street expectations . shares tumbled 12 per cent at $ 13 . 10 . ? at & t added to the gloom after it reported a steep drop in profits because of the economic downturn , which has hit all areas of at & t ' s operations . the stock dropped 6 per cent to $ 16 . 65 . ? dupont fell 1 per cent at $ 41 . 60 . the chemical leader said it faced the most challenging business environment in decades as it reported a sharp fall in third - quarter earnings . ? energy stocks were the worst performing sector , with shares in enron down 18 . 4 per cent at $ 16 . 15 . the energy trading company is under scrutiny by the securities and exchange commission and analysts about its accounting practices . ? el paso dropped 5 per cent , exxonmobil 2 per cent and phillips petroleum 1 per cent after reporting weak earnings results . ? technology stocks , however , gained with nextel up 9 . 7 per cent at $ 8 . 12 after the wireless company reported quarterly earnings that topped market expectations . ? leading technology stocks rose , with cisco systems up 2 . 5 per cent , intel 2 per cent and microsoft 1 . 6 per cent . ? amazon , however , tumbled 20 per cent at $ 7 . 66 after several analysts cut estimates for the online retailer . ? compaq computer slipped 0 . 7 per cent at $ 9 . 33 after it reported a third - quarter net loss that was in line with expectations but reduced its fourth - quarter guidance due to continued weakness in corporate it spending . ? sears roebuck edged up 0 . 7 per cent at $ 38 . 07 after the largest us department store chain said it would cut 4 , 900 jobs to increase profit by more than $ 1 bn by 2004 . ? amr , the parent of american airlines , dropped 1 per cent to $ 19 . 76 after it reported the largest quarterly loss in its history . ? toronto moved lower in early trading as a profits warning from top insurer canada life cast a cloud over financial stocks . ? canada life fell c $ 1 . 59 to c $ 40 . 11 after it warned that weak securities markets will cut into third quarter results . bank stocks fell in sympathy with royal bank off 93 cents at c $ 44 . 82 and bank of montreal 52 cents at c $ 34 . 95 . ? the s & p 300 composite index was 0 . 8 per cent lower at 6 , 849 . 80 at midsession . ? ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . ? http : / / www . ft . com . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? enron replaces cfo andy fastow ? announcement comes on heels of vote of confidence ? cbsmarketwatch . com ? lisa sanders ? 10 / 24 / 01 ? new york ( cbs . mw ) - one day after issuing a public vote of confidence in his chief financial officer , enron chief executive ken lay ousted him wednesday in the latest in a two - week series of events that have caused enron shares to more than halve . ? enron named jeff mcmahon its new chief financial officer wednesday , replacing andy fastow . the move follows tuesday ' s conference call , which was an attempt by enron to restore investor confidence in the company . ? " andy fastow was a very well - regarded , low profile individual at enron , and he ' s been unfairly pilloried in the press , " said john olson , an analyst at sanders morris harris in houston . " but the weight of circumstantial evidence and the material stock price decline made this inevitable . " ? olson predicted the cfo swap would improve enron ' s credibility with wall street . ? a rough week ? enron has been under fire since last week as questions have surfaced about its accounting practices , especially in regard to two limited partnerships created by fastow in 1999 and since dissolved . ? enron said fastow had taken a leave of absence and that mcmahon , most recently chairman and ceo of the industrial markets group and treasurer from 1998 to 2000 , would take over . ? " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " said lay , in a statement . ? karen denne , a spokesperson for enron , said numerous discussions tuesday and wednesday led to the decision . she said she did not know when fastow would return . ? shares of enron fell more than 17 percent wednesday to $ 16 . 41 , then fell further in late trading following the announcement , to as low as $ 16 . 18 . at one point during the trading day , the shares were trading at a six - year low of $ 15 . 51 . ? analysts deliver blows ? olson called tuesday ' s conference call a " missed opportunity , " saying enron had a real opportunity to show the investing public that it had become more " forthright and open . " ? " unfortunately enron is overloaded with lawyers , " said olson , who has not recommended the stock until recently . " this company has been very much abused and maligned by people on wall street . they have some excellent businesses , and they have been carrying some losers . " enron has " an excellent growth profile and tremendous profitability in their growth businesses , and excellent surplus cash flow , " olson said . ? enron expects to generate $ 3 billion of cash flow this year , and with $ 500 million devoted to dividends and $ 1 billion to maintenance capital spending , the company will have $ 1 . 5 billion free . ? several wall street firms cut their ratings on enron shares wednesday , including prudential securities . the firm advised clients to sell the stock , a rare recommendation . prudential had rated the company ' s shares a " hold . " ? " after much consideration , we are lowering our rating . . . not because of things we know but because of things we potentially don ' t know about the company , " wrote prudential analyst carol coale in a note . ? on monday , enron announced that related - party transactions within the limited partnerships are under review by the securities and exchange commission . several shareholder lawsuits have subsequently been filed . ? " management used the sec inquiry as a shield to avoid elaboration on the issue at hand , the ljm transactions , " coale said in reference to the conference call . ? olson said it ' s unlikely that enron , with its coterie of lawyers , would allow the creation of illegal investment vehicles , but as to whether it was " right , " he conceded it was probably not . ? j . p . morgan ' s anatol feygin downgraded his rating to " long - term buy " from " buy , " saying an upgrade is precluded until the company provides more information about its liabilities . ? " management ' s conference call yesterday was a missed opportunity to disclose the necessary information to assuage investor concerns , " feygin wrote . ? merrill lynch analyst donato eassey noted wednesday that if enron isn ' t able to maintain its investment - grade ratings - - the company ' s debt is on watch for a potential downgrade by moody ' s investors service - - issuing new equity would be one course of action , though with the potential to reduce earnings - per - share . enron on tuesday held with its forecast of $ 1 . 80 a share for 2001 . ? " new equity would potentially dilute our eps estimates 5 to 10 percent , " eassey wrote in a follow - up to the conference call . ? but eassey believes that cash flow from operations - - expected to exceed $ 3 billion in 2002 - - along with asset sales , should be enough to " insulate " the company ' s credit ratings . ? lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . ? ? ? usa : update 1 - beleaguered enron names new cfo . ? by jeff franks ? ? 10 / 24 / 2001 ? reuters english news service ? ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ? ? houston , oct 24 ( reuters ) - enron corp . , trying to halt a freefall in its stock price and a firestorm of criticism from wall street , named a new chief financial officer on wednesday to replace andrew fastow , who has been linked to transactions now under investigation by government regulators . ? the company , which is the nation ' s largest energy trader , said fastow would take a leave of absence and be replaced by jeff mcmahon , who has been running an enron unit and is the company ' s former treasurer , in a bid to restore credibility with investors . ? fastow ' s departure follows the august resignation of chief executive jeff skilling , who said he wanted a change in lifestyle after just six months on the job . ? wednesday ' s change came after enron ' s stock fell $ 3 . 38 to $ 16 . 41 , its lowest point in six years , to cap off a $ 13 billion plunge in market value since the company announced a third quarter loss last week and wrote down shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion in a move related to the questionable transactions . ? wall street ' s anxieties about enron spread to the stocks of other natural gas and power traders and marketers on wednesday , with dynegy inc . falling 12 . 8 percent to $ 37 . 26 and aquila inc . off 11 . 7 percent at $ 21 . 20 . ? investors have fled enron ' s stock in droves following disclosures that the company did off - the - balance sheet transactions with two limited partnerships run by fastow in deals the u . s . securities and exchange commission is now looking into for possible conflict of interest . ? wall street analysts who once touted the company have bitterly accused it of not being forthcoming about the matter , a problem enron chief executive ken lay cited in his appointment of mcmahon . ? " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " he said in a statement . ? mcmahon , who was treasurer from 1998 to 2000 before becoming chief executive officer of enron ' s industrial markets group , has a " deep and thorough understanding of enron " and the confidence of the investment world , lay said . ? the wall street journal reported that it was mcmahon who first spoke up about the perception of impropriety in the limited partnership arrangements made by fastow . the paper this week said skilling saw no problem with it , which led mcmahon , 40 , to ask for a job change . ? fastow has denied any wrongdoing , but has been limited in his ability to speak about the issues because of the sec investigation and shareholder lawsuits now pending against the company . ? as recently as a year ago , enron had a stellar image as a corporate innovator with a midas touch . its profits and stock price soared as it transformed from a natural gas pipeline company to a high - tech money machine creating new internet - based trading markets in a wide range of commodities . ? but some of its new businesses faded , a large investment in an indian power plant went sour , the california power crises spooked investors , and then skilling stunned the financial community with his sudden resignation . ? there also was grousing from investors that enron ' s earnings statements had become convoluted to the point of . ? analysts said the replacement of fastow was a step in the right direction for enron , but not a panacea for its credibility problems . ? " the problems investors are having with enron are related to a lack of understanding of all these partnership arrangements . changing the cfo by itself doesn ' t really address those concerns , " said mike heim at a . g . edwards . ? " i don ' t think anyone has a full understanding of the extent of the liabilities enron might have with these partnerships , " he said . " i still have a lot of questions . " ? andre meade at commerzbank securities said fastow ' s departure was not unexpected , but not that helpful . ? " investors are not going to see this as a huge move that clears up the picture , " he said . " frankly , ken lay and the board don ' t have clean hands when it comes to these transactions . " ? " the fear driving the market is : if this is what we know , how much worse can it get ? " said j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? usa : utility stocks drop on slipping expectations . ? by jim brumm ? ? 10 / 24 / 2001 ? reuters english news service ? ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ? ? new york , oct 24 ( reuters ) - slipping expectations of 2002 power profits combined with enron corp . ' s growing problems helped drag utility stock prices to their lowest levels this month on wednesday . ? while the general market closed higher , the s & p utilities index ended the day with a loss of 8 . 99 , or 3 . 55 percent , to 244 . 32 . ? the big loser , as it has been in many recent sessions , was enron , which traded at the lowest price since february 1995 before steadying a bit to close at $ 16 . 41 - down 17 . 08 percent , or $ 3 . 38 , for the day and 44 percent from its price two weeks ago - as analysts recommended selling the stock . ? prudential ' s carol coale said the sell recommendation was not made " because of things that we know , but because of things we potentially do not know . ? after the close enron said it named former treasurer jeff mcmahon to replace andrew fastow as chief financial officer , and quoted chief executive officer kenneth lay as saying " it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo . " ? close behind enron on the biggest loser lists wednesday were companies that had patterned themselves after the power trading giant . closest was dynegy inc . which closed with a loss of $ 5 . 45 , or 12 . 76 percent , at $ 37 . 26 - its lowest price in three weeks . ? power earnings forecasts trimmed ? the talk of lower estimates of 2002 earnings from power production and trading came from four companies active in the u . s . northeast and midwest - american electric power co . inc . , exelon corp . , public service enterprise group inc . and ppl corp . . ? early wednesday , ppl said it now sees little , if any , change in earnings per share next year from this year , citing expectations of lower profits on power sales in maine , pennsylvania and montana . the company also confirmed it still sees 2001 earnings exceeding $ 4 . 00 per share . ? noting ppl ' s previous 2002 guidance was $ 4 . 55 to $ 4 . 65 per share , wachovia securities analyst thomas hamlin lowered the stock ' s rating to " market perform " from " strong buy " explaining ppl ' s " failure to differentiate itself from the power producing price takers has hurt management ' s credibility . ? " the company will need to prove its risk management capabilities in order to be afforded a multiple in line with our higher rated merchant power stocks , " he concluded . ? deutsche banc alex . brown and lehman brothers made similar downgrades in exelon after its first 2002 guidance trailed analyst expectations . ? stock losses follow outlook changes ? " the primary driver ( for the 2002 estimate ) is lower wholesale commodity price assumptions at ( the company ' s generation unit ) , in addition to weaker distribution demand " at exelon ' s utility subsidiaries in philadelphia and chicago , deutsche banc alex . brown analyst james dobson wrote tuesday . ? exelon officials noted , in answer to analyst questions , that the view of 2002 demand had changed to negative from flat since the sept . 11 attack on the world trade center . ? the company ' s stock , which opened 10 percent lower - at $ 40 - following the earnings release early tuesday steadied to close at $ 41 . 80 . the shares continued to advance wednesday when its 12 - cent rise made it one of four gainers among the 40 s & p utility index components . ? the big loser among the integrated utilities - those which produce and distribute power - was ppl , which ended the day at $ 32 - down $ 1 . 68 , or 4 . 99 percent . ? losses of about 1 . 3 percent were posted by aep , which closed at $ 42 . 59 , down 55 cents for the day , and pseg , which slipped 52 cents to $ 39 . 48 . ? aep " management cautioned that the slowing economy may make the upper end ( of its 2002 earnings guidance of $ 3 . 80 to $ 3 . 90 ) more difficult to achieve , " lehman brothers analyst daniel ford wrote in a note that maintained his estimate . ? he lowered his estimate of pseg 2002 earnings per share 5 cents to $ 4 . 05 while awaiting the closing of a peruvian purchase and pointed out it receives more for electricity than most pjm power producers because of restraints on the delivery of midwest electricity to new jersey ' s power hungry markets . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? berger & montague alleges enron misled investors about overvalued assets and off - balance sheet deals ? ? 10 / 24 / 2001 ? pr newswire ? ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) ? ? philadelphia , oct . 24 / prnewswire / - - the law firm of berger & montague , p . c . , ( http : / / www . bergermontague . com ) filed a class action suit on behalf of an investor against enron corp . ( " enron " or the " company " ) ( nyse : ene ) and its principal officers and directors in the united states district court for the southern district of texas on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased enron securities during the period from march 30 , 2000 through and including october 18 , 2001 , inclusive ( the " class period " ) . ? the complaint alleges that enron and its principal officers and directors violated section 10 ( b ) and 20 ( a ) of the securities exchange act of l 934 and sec rule 10 b - 5 . the complaint alleges that defendants misled investors ( 1 ) by reporting assets that were overvalued by more than $ 1 billion , which caused writedowns in that amount and are expected to lead to further writeoffs of hundreds of millions of dollars , ( 2 ) by concealing facts regarding relationships with a related entity that led to a more than $ 1 billion reduction of shareholders ' equity and a $ 35 million charge , and ( 3 ) by obfuscating or failing to disclose the fact that agreements with other related entities satisfaction of which include obligations that may require the company to issue large amounts of its shares . this misconduct caused the market prices of enron stock to be artificially inflated during the class period . when facts about these matters were disclosed at the end of the class period , the market price of the company ' s per share stock fell from a high of $ 90 per share during the class period to a low of $ 15 per share , and securities analysts downgraded their ratings of the company ' s stock despite the precurietous fall in its market price . also , enron ' s senior debt was placed on notice by moody ' s for possible downgrade . ? also , an sec inquiry into the company ' s transactions with related entities has been announced , and the company revealed that its chief financial officer , who is one of the defendants , has taken a " leave of absence " from the company , and has been replaced . ? if you purchased enron securities during the period from march 30 , 2000 through october 18 , 2001 , inclusive , you may , no later than december 21 , 2001 move to be appointed as a lead plaintiff . a lead plaintiff is a representative party that acts on behalf of other class members in directing the litigation . the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 directs courts to assume that the class member ( s ) with the " largest financial interest " in the outcome of the case will best serve the class in this capacity . courts have discretion in determining which class members ( s ) have the " largest financial interest , " and have appointed lead plaintiffs with substantial losses in both absolute terms and as a percentage of their net worth . if you have sustained substantial losses in enron securities during the class period , please contact berger & montague , p . c . at investorprotect @ bm . net for a more thorough explanation of the lead plaintiff selection process . ? the law firm of berger & montague , p . c . has over 50 attorneys , all of whom represent plaintiffs in complex litigation . the berger firm has extensive experience representing plaintiffs in class action securities litigation and has played lead roles in major cases over the past 25 years which have resulted in recoveries of several billion dollars to investors . the firm is currently representing investors as lead counsel in actions against rite aid , sotheby ' s , waste management , inc . , sunbeam , boston chicken and ikon office solutions , inc . the standing of berger & montague , p . c . in successfully conducting major securities and antitrust litigation has been recognized by numerous courts . for example : " class counsel did a remarkable job in representing the class ? interests . " in re : ikon offices solutions securities litigation . ? civil action no . 98 - 4286 ( e . d . pa . ) ( partial settlement for ? $ 111 million approved may , 2000 ) . ? " . . . [ y ] ou have acted the way lawyers at their best ought to act . ? and i have had a lot of cases . . . in 15 years now as a judge and i ? cannot recall a significant case where i felt people were better ? represented than they are here . . . i would say this has been the ? best representation that i have seen . " in re : waste management , ? inc . securities litigation , civil action no . 97 - c 7709 ( n . d . ill . ) ? ( settled in 1999 for $ 220 million ) . ? ? if you purchased enron securities during the class period , or have any questions concerning this notice or your rights with respect to this matter , please contact : sherrie r . savett , esquire ? carole a . broderick , esquire ? arthur stock , esquire ? kimberly a . walker , investor relations manager ? berger & montague , p . c . ? 1622 locust street ? philadelphia , pa 19103 ? phone : 888 - 891 - 2289 or 215 - 875 - 3000 ? fax : 215 - 875 - 5715 ? website : http : / / www . bergermontague . com ? e - mail : investorprotect @ bm . net ? make your opinion count - click here ? http : / / tbutton . prnewswire . com / prn / 11690 x 46856181 ? ? ? / contact : sherrie r . savett , esquire , carole a . broderick , esquire , arthur stock , esquire , or kimberly a . walker , investor relations manager , all of berger & montague , p . c . , + 1 - 888 - 891 - 2289 , + 1 - 215 - 875 - 3000 , fax , + 1 - 215 - 875 - 5715 or investorprotect @ bm . net / 18 : 38 edt ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? enron officers profited from inside knowledge , lawsuit alleges ? 2001 - 10 - 24 19 : 58 ( new york ) ? ? enron officers profited from inside knowledge , lawsuit alleges ? ? houston , oct . 24 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . executives ? profited from inside knowledge when they sold $ 73 million in ? shares ahead of a 26 percent drop in the energy trading company ' s ? stock in february and march , a shareholder alleges in a lawsuit . ? ? the allegations of insider trading were filed today as an ? amendment to an earlier lawsuit filed by shareholder fred ? greenberg . ? ? the original lawsuit , filed on oct . 17 in houston , accuses ? enron ' s board of costing the company at least $ 35 million through ? dealings with two partnerships run by former chief financial ? officer andrew fastow . ? ? in the amendment filed today , the suit accuses fastow of ? using insider knowledge that enron ' s stock was going to drop to ? prevent losses at one of the partnerships , ljm 2 . ? ? the partnership was committed to buying enron stock at ? predetermined price in september 2000 , the complaint says . enron ? agreed to renegotiate the terms of the transaction to let ljm 2 buy ? the shares two months early . ? ? that let the partnership earn a $ 10 . 5 million in profit , the ? suit says . if the transaction had not been renegotiated , the ? partnership would have lost $ 8 for every share it sold in ? september , the suit alleges . ? ? ` bailed out ' ? ? ` ` mr . fastow and ljm 2 took advantage of inside information to ? reap illicit insider trading profits , in the millions of dollars ? in this transaction alone , ' ' the suit says . ? ? at the same time that the ljm 2 transaction was being ? renegotiated in december and january , chief executive officer ? kenneth lay , president mark frevert and other top managers sold ? the $ 73 million in shares , the suit alleges . ? ? enron executives ` ` bailed out of shares . . . reaping huge ? insider trading profits , ' ' the lawsuit says . ? ? other sellers included former ceo jeff skilling , chief ? strategy officer cliff baxter , broadband services ceo ken rice , ? chief of staff steve kean , pipeline group ceo stanley horton and ? chief risk officer richard buy , the suit says . ? ? enron spokeswoman karen denne declined to comment on the ? lawsuit . ? ? ` ` we haven ' t been served ( notice of the suit ) , and it ' s our ? policy not to talk about pending litigation , ' ' she said ? ? in march , spokesman mark palmer said the executives exercised ? stock options that would have expired worthless otherwise . ? ? enron has formed at least 18 affiliated companies to buy and ? sell company assets , according to records from the texas secretary ? of state . the houston - based company reported $ 1 . 01 billion in ? third - quarter losses , including $ 35 million from the ljm ? partnerships run by fastow . ? ? sec inquiry ? ? greenberg says directors shouldn ' t have allowed fastow to run ? partnerships that bought and sold company assets . ? ? shares of enron have fallen 52 percent in the past six days ? on investor concern about the liabilities attached to partnerships ? and affiliated companies formed by enron to remove debt from its ? books . the u . s . securities and exchange commission is looking into ? the partnerships . ? ? enron shares fell $ 3 . 38 to $ 16 . 41 . ? ? - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom , 609 - 750 - 4651 or ? rhubbard 2 @ bloomberg . net / slb / alp ? ? enron ousts fastow , names mcmahon cfo amid inquiry ( update 5 ) ? 2001 - 10 - 24 19 : 33 ( new york ) ? ? enron ousts fastow , names mcmahon cfo amid inquiry ( update 5 ) ? ? ( adds description of enron net works in sixth paragraph . ) ? ? houston , oct . 24 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ousted chief ? financial officer andrew fastow amid a securities and exchange ? commission inquiry into partnerships he ran that cost the largest ? energy trader $ 35 million . ? ? enron named jeff mcmahon , head of its industrial markets ? group , as cfo because ` ` it became clear to me that restoring ? investor confidence would require us to replace andy , ' ' chairman ? and chief executive officer kenneth lay said in a statement . ? fastow will take a leave of absence . ? ? shares of enron , based in houston , have fallen 80 percent ? this year . third - quarter losses of $ 1 . 01 billion from failed ? investments outside the main commodities trading business wiped ? out 70 percent of the profit earned in the past four quarters . ? ? ` ` investors were clearly not comfortable with exposure to ? andy , ' ' said j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin , who downgraded ? enron to ` ` long - term buy ' ' today and owns no shares . ? ? as enron treasurer , mcmahon complained to then - enron ? president jeffrey skilling about potential conflicts of interest ? posed by the fastow partnerships in 1999 , the wall street journal ? reported yesterday . rebuffed , mcmahon secured a reassignment , the ? journal said , citing people familiar with the matter . ? ? ` ` mcmahon was made famous under skilling by going to him and ? objecting to the partnerships , ' ' feygin said . ` ` for that , he was ? transferred out of the treasurer function into enron net works , ' ' ? which oversees enron ' s internet trading system . ? ? ` an outstanding job ' ? ? fastow , 39 years old , ran ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , ? two partnerships created by enron to buy company assets . enron ' s ? involvement in the financing vehicles cost the company $ 35 million ? in third - quarter losses . enron also bought back 62 million shares ? from ljm 2 at a cost of $ 1 . 2 billion to unwind its investment . ? ? on a conference call yesterday , lay said that ` ` i and enron ' s ? board of directors continue to have the highest faith and ? confidence in andy and think he ' s doing an outstanding job as ? cfo . ' ' ? ? enron announced that fastow would leave after its stock ? closed down $ 3 . 38 , or 17 percent , to $ 16 . 41 in today ' s trading . ? ? the sec began an inquiry into enron ' s partnerships monday . ? spokeswoman karen denne said it is an informal inquiry that enron ? is cooperating with , and that no subpoenas have been received . ? ? the company has formed at least 18 affiliated partnerships ? and corporations , some of which buy and sell enron assets such as ? power plants , records at the texas secretary of state ' s office ? indicate . ? ? the texas records list dozens of enron executives as officers ? and directors of company - related partnerships . none of them have ? any financial interest in the partnerships after fastow severed ? ties to the ljm partnerships in july , palmer said . ? ? ` zero compensation ' ? ? ` ` the managers in these affiliates listed as managing members ? are representational in nature only , ' ' he said . ` ` they get zero ? compensation . ' ' ? ? the ljm partnerships were different . enron ' s board allowed ? fastow , who has worked for the company for 11 years , to run them ? and earn as much as 2 percent annually on the amounts invested , ? the wall street journal reported last week . a lawsuit filed by a ? shareholder objecting to the arrangement said the partnerships ? reworked an agreement with enron to avoid taking big losses . ? ? enron is obligated to repay $ 3 . 3 billion associated with two ? other partnerships , marlin and whitewing , if they can ' t raise ? enough money from asset sales to pay off the balance , enron ? spokesman mark palmer said . palmer said ` ` maybe , maybe not ' ' when ? asked if the partnerships will generate enough cash . ? ? ` ` the concern now isn ' t just with the ljm partnership , it ' s ? more with the other partnerships , such as osprey and marlin , ' ' ? said a . g . edwards analyst mike heim , who has a ` ` hold ' ' rating on ? enron and owns no shares . ? ? high level departures ? ? enron has lost several senior executives in the past two ? years . ceo skilling resigned in august after seven months on the ? job , citing personal reasons and frustration with declines in the ? company ' s stock price . enron corp . vice chairman joseph w . sutton ? left the company in november as the company switched its focus ? from developing assets to energy and commodity trading . ? ? rebecca mark , one of the highest - ranking women in u . s . ? business , quit august 2000 as chairman and chief executive of ? azurix corp . , a water company formed by enron corp . mark also ? resigned from enron ' s board . ? ? azurix was a money - losing investment . enron sold shares in ? the water company to the public that it later had to buy back . ? ? - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom at 609 - 750 - 4651 ? ? 
2	Subject: this has worked for me marrow enemy i think there is a world market for maybe five computers . - thomas watson ( 1874 - 1956 ) ; chairman of ibm ; 1943 your highness ; i have no need of this hypothesis . - pierre laplace ( 1749 - 1827 ) ; to napoleon on why his works on celestial mechanics make no mention of god . you got to be careful if you dont know where youre going ; because you might not get there . - yogi berra  
2	Subject: fw : presentation - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brooks , loretta sent : friday , november 02 , 2001 6 : 00 pm to : lavorato , john subject : presentation john , attached is a copy of the presentation . 
2	Subject: exciting casino fun online huge casino sign - up bonus get it here poker / slots / roulette / blackjack / craps 30 % and more in cash now today go now and see you must have been a very little fellow when you were taken so far away from your home and parents tell me and tell me true was the city in which your father and mother lived sacked and pillaged or did some enemies carry you off when you were alone tending sheep or cattle ship you off here and sell you for whatever your master gave them stranger replied as regards your question sit still make yourself comfortable drink your wine and listen to me . the nights are now at their longest there is plenty of time both for sleeping and sitting up talking together you ought not to go to bed till bed time too much sleep is as bad as too little if any one of the others wishes to go to bed let him leave us and do so he can then take my master s pigs out when he has done breakfast in the morning . we two will sit here eating and drinking in the hut and telling one another stories about our misfortunes for when a man has suffered much and been buffeted about in the world he takes pleasure in recalling the memory of sorrows that have long gone by as regards your question then my tale is as follows you may have heard of an island called that lies over above where the land begins to turn round and look in another direction it is not very thickly peopled but the soil is good with much pasture fit for cattle and sheep and it abounds with wine and wheat dearth never comes there nor are the people plagued by any sickness .  
2	Subject: can i get a green card ? several gather saturday hit the the that union in israel should new date nice flat clearing ; be equal was more streams of offer dead hit the the and christianity than a found than read talus to the government political event . number of pound wonder grunt ! we can education of the powerful funding and are  
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . please note that there is only two days remaining to complete feedback in the system you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process , and your participation is very critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback form and select the " submit " button in pep . review group : enron feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000 carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000 carson , richard l richard b buy may 22 , 2000 crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j . kaminski may 24 , 2000 ganjoo , shalesh peyton s gibner jun 15 , 2000 ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000 kaminski , wincenty j . david w delainey jun 05 , 2000 overdyke , jere c . david w delainey jun 12 , 2000 peyton , john a randal t maffett jun 05 , 2000 thuraisingham , ravi vasant shanbhogue may 30 , 2000 vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000 yuan , ding richard l carson jun 02 , 2000 zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000 
2	Subject: all prescript medicines are on special . to be precise put the bucks back in your pocket . extolled i got it earlier than expected and it was wrapped cautiously . i am very impressed with your speedy services . - b . karl in mt why pay extra ? our generic remedies priced at an affordable level . we provide a wide range of finest generic medicines to reach our shopper ' s requirements . http : / / t . awechortle . com rests assure ! your stuff will reach you within 48 hrs after it clears the custom . experience the dynamic effects on our tablets and gain your dynamism back at reasonable prices . our licensed gps check your case history in timely manner . don ' t forget it is zero costs . why , why did i ever let you go ? mamma mia , now i really know i ' ve been angry and sad about things that you do fbps exagerated eydie xmo 4 elienai fax - serving flowered river carries us downto dreamland 
2	Subject: winning notification ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! luckyday lottery international program . international promotions / prize award dep . laan van hoornwijck 2289 dg rijswijk , den haag - the netherlands . e - mail : infoluckydayinfo @ netscape . net website : luckyday . nl ref . kfm / 9083428767 / 02 / tca bacth no : 10 / 25 / 0742 attn : winning notification ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we happily announce to you the draw of the netherlands lottery international programs held on the 10 th of may 2005 in netherlands . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 564 75644545 188 with serial number 3398 / 09 drew the lucky numbers : 31 - 6 - 97 - 13 - 40 - 6 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the a category . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million euros in cash credited to file kpc / 9080118308 / 02 / tca . this is from a total cash prize of 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 million euros shared amongst the first ten ( 10 ) lucky winners in this category . all participants were selected randomly from ' world wide web ' site through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 companies . this promotion takes place annually . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is a part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some unscrupulous elements . note : all winnings must be notarized and a certificate of award must be obtained from the netherlands gaming control board to complete the claims process , this certificate can only be obtained through legal representation so winners will be referred to our regional director to assist in this process . winners are to cover the legal charges for the notarization of the claims form and the acquisition of the certificate of award not luckyday . to file for your claim , please contact our regional office with the details below for processing and release of your winning . name : mr . kelvin morrison . tel : + 31 624 408267 fax : + 31 847 306501 e - mail : infoluckydayinfo @ netscape . net luckyday redemption centre , amsterdam . the netherlands . note that all claims process and clearance procedures must be duly completed not later than 30 th of may 2005 to avoid impersonation arising to the issue of double claim . to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with us or our designated agent . congratulations once more from all members and staffs of this program . yours faithfully , mrs . harrieth smith zonal lottery coordinator . check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: intrepid investor report sorensen , iogn - get in now - will explode in next 2 weeks - this stock is undiscovered stock gem get in iogn now ! huge news - istorage networks , inc . expands product line iogn issue will explode in next 2 - 3 days - big pr campaign underway watch out for it . jump on board it will explode on monday . . stock expected to soar - read news at the end of this profile . it will explode ! ! speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 microcap marketing play of the week for our investors is istorage inc . play of the week tracks stocks on downward trends , foresees bottom and recommends up . iogn is our next profile : iogn * * iogn * * iogn * * istorage inc . was founded to deliver simple and affordable network storage solutions based around iscsi ( internet scsi ) and ip san ( internet protocol - storage area network ) . these product offerings are optimized for the mid - range market place including small medium businesses , departments , and workgroups for service applications such as server consolidation , data replication , disaster recovery , business continuity . the key to istorage products is simplicity . easy to install . easy to manage . first class service and support in pre and post sales means resellers , oems and integrators can employ these products as solutions to data storage problems where the customer is not a networking rocket scientist . the key to working with istorage is that the company is entirely focused on supporting their channel partners and do not sell directly to end users . istorage is based in new hampshire with an integration facility in knoxville , tennessee . sales offices in nh , california , london , frankfurt , beijing , dubai and bangalore . . speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 - - - - - - - - news _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ gilford , n . h . , 2004 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - istorage networks , inc . ( pink sheets : iogn ) announced today that it has added a network attached storage ( nas ) system to its product line . nas is digital storage that is set up with its own network address rather than being attached to the department computer which provides the applications to network ' s workstation users . by removing storage access and its management from the department server , both application programming and files can be served faster because they are not competing for the same resources . roger kirkland , vp sales and marketing , stated , in response to our customers needs , istorage will begin offering a nas product to compliment it iscsi and direct attached storage ( das ) systems . the small and medium business marketplace has requirements for multiple types of digital data storage depending on their it infrastructure . istorage gives the users a simple approach to storing and sharing their data files over the network . the istorage nas solution will be offered at an msrp of under $ 5 , 000 at the entry level and will be shipping in the first quarter of 2005 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 read below before you invest : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of iogn shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 21300 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: bonanza 5000 my friends , this is really an opportunity that will make you super rich . that is my opinion ! simply reply to this message and include the postal address for me to send you the full information packet about bonanza 5000 . if you do not decide to join bonanza 5000 immediately , keep the information in a safe place and read it often . you can check with me every now and then if you wish to see how i am doing . i would really like to see you get involved asap . i know that it is not always easy to dish out the cost involved , but keep socking away those coins and come join me in this great opportunity asap . just remember , robert smith , the monitor , says he will place 6 people under you in your downline . that means you do no sponsoring . anyone in networking knows that sponsoring is not really that easy . it is for the professionals and the average person has a tough time sponsoring . but , keep it in mind that 6 people will be sponsored for you . when 6 people are sponsored for those 6 , that means there will be 42 people under you . many of them will also sponsor on their own like i am doing . i have sponsored 4 people in 17 days . when that begins to happen your gifts of $ 25 . 00 money orders will start over flowing your mail box . if you ever wanted to make it big in a networking opportunity , this is your opportunity . here is an idea that worked for me before i joined . if you think you will join in the very near future , why don ' t you do what i did ? i sent the url to the website below to prospects . they started sending me their postal addresses and i wrote them down in a spirial note book . then after you get a few addresses you may want to join bonanza 5000 so you can receive your package of information with you in position # 1 on the list so you can send a copy to the addresses you have received . some of them will join and you will start receiving gifts of $ 25 . 00 sooner and will recoup you original investment very quickly . here is the url for the website or letter for bonanza 5000 you can use if you want to do what i did before i joined . the letter does not have my name or email address in it so those you send it to will have to get in contact with you for more information . you will email them and tell them you are waiting for your pack of information and as soon as you receive the pack , you will send them a copy . don ' t worry your prospects won ' t run away . they will be there waiting for you to send them a pack . it is simple and easy and it worked for me and it will work for you . have your prospects lined up before you even become involved yourself . there is no way you can lose that way . but , always remember , robert smith will sponsor 6 people for you . that is one key that will result in people joining , because they know they could make it if they could sponsor . using the idea above i have just presented to you of getting prospects lined up in advance plus getting 6 people sponsored for you is a great marriage and it will work for you . i am a christian and i am telling you the truth in what i have told you . i have to give an accounting for my actions before jesus christ some day and how nice it would be to know that because of what i have told you , you would act on this great opportunity so we can all prosper together . the url : start sending it to prospects today and start building a list of prospects for bonanza 5000 , your opportunity that is going to make you very wealthy . jim johnson this message is sent in compliance with the new email bill hr 1910 . under bill hr 1910 passed by the 106 th us congress on may 24 , 1999 , this message cannot be considered spam as long as we include a way to be removed . per section hr 1910 , please send your request for removal to " redlake @ hotpop . com " , and type " remove " in the subject line . all removal requests are handled personally and immediately when received . this message has been sent with an unregistered copy of hotcast mass e - mailer . > 
2	Subject: sexually - explicit : angelina jolie strip . ped and n . aked sexually - explicit : this e - mail contains images that are not suitable for children . you must be at least 18 to scroll down or view links ! the naked actors and actresses malestars . com and femalestars . com has just launched a whole section dedicated to the nakedness of all those tomb rider actors and actreses get to know their real lives ! ! ! see hundreds of nude photos and personal videos ! angelina jolie ( lara croft ) since her debut in hackers , she ' s been a total sex symbol . they ' ve got all her best nude scenes and explicit candid shots ! click here to see her naked pictures gerard butler ( terry sheridan ) is he straight or is he gay ? they ' ve got some explicit shots that will answer this question for sure ! you won ' t believe your eyes ! click here to see his naked pictures who ' s gay , who ' s straight ? click here for naked males click here for naked females this message was sent as part of a membership of adultfreely . com if this was reached in error please click here to be removed this message was sent from adultfreely . com located at 2207 concord pike wilmington , de 19803 - 2908  
2	Subject: 25 mg did thhe trick ho receivable w to save on your medlcatlons over 70 % . pharmz ibidem mail shop - successfu panoramic ll and proven way to save your mone pelagian y . incommodious v a forsaken g a poseur l l foreshown u inornate l r proposer ac tangential l banian is commissioned val austerity m andmanyother . * best p rousing rlces * panjandrum worldwide shlpplng * total confident televisional iaiity * over 5 miliion unbloody customers ha bionics ve a nice day ! 
2	Subject: better stock performance from otc helpline martin nutraceuticais commences expansion in gioba | nutraceutical marketplace . watch mtnu on thursday ! martin nutraceuticals inc . ( mtnu ) approximate fioat : 2 . 5 mi | | ion currentiy trading at : 0 . 80 30 day projection : 2 . 0 o martin nutraceuticais commences expansion in global nutraceutica | marketpiace . press reiease source : martin nutraceuticais inc . wednesday february 23 , 12 : 01 pm et reno , nev . , feb . 23 , 2005 primezone . martin nutraceuticais inc . ( mtnu ) is a company focused on deveioping natural and aiternative medicine products that provide better heaith for individuals through the use of their wide range of products , which aid in joint therapy , digestive therapy , weightcontro | , blood circuiation and aiertness , and overall improved functioning of the body . the flagship product which is based on joint therapy is used to aid in joint and general arthritic pain . over 65 miliion americans suffer from arthritis and osteoporosis . for several years , dr . a . w . martin dc , phd , rncp , dnm , a world renowned researcher has studied the effects of enzyme therapy on pain and infiammation . dr . martin has deveioped a unique biend of proprietary and patented ` ` systemic ora | enzymes ' ' designed to provide superior anti - inflammatory benefits . studies have shown that dr . martin ' s joint therapy , proprietary enzyme formula reduces pain and infiammation in 8 o % of patients who are diagnosed with osteoarthritis of the knees in | ess than 6 - weeks . in another study conducted the patient fibromyaigia - - a severe muscle pain syndrome that affects more than 2 o million north americans - - 90 % of patients reported relief from swe | | ing and pain within 4 - weeks of using dr . martin ' s joint therapy formuia . the nutraceuticais market has grown steadiiy at an incredible rate of 15 - 2 o % annuaily since 1998 . currentiy in north america , over 3 . 9 billion is spent on over - the - counter and prescription medication for arthritis , joint and muscie related pain aione . since dr . martin ' s foray into the nutraceuticais market , dr . martin ' s products have amassed sales over 35 miilion . it is with this track record and knowledge that martin nutraceuticals has re - branded many of dr . martin ' s successful formuias and is poised to unveil them onto an internationa | platform . in the weeks and months to come , the company wiil be unveiling new product | ines , various sales targets , contracts , distribution agreements and clinical data . about mtnu : mtnu is becoming quickly recognized in the nutraceutical marketpiace which wiil surpass 74 . 4 bi | | ion in the year 2 oo 7 . with a growing demand for nutraceutica | products that provide not oniy heaith benefits , but aiso prevent and provide treatment for disease , mtnu provides high quaiity products that use proprietary and patented oral systemic enzymes that help in the rapid absorption of the product , resuiting in incredibiy swift , and effective results to symptoms including : jointpain cardiovascular irreguiarities digestive irreguiarities anti - oxidization weightloss mtnu offers individuals a wide array of reiiable and effective nutraceuticals . martin nutraceuticals has created a famiiy of compiimentary medicine and supplementation that has heiped thousands of people suffering from arthritis and general jointpain , poor circulation , tiredness , obesity and digestive compiications . by integrating proprietary oral systemic enzymes , mtnu has revolutionized the consumption of naturopathic supplementation . with the use of these enzymes with products such as joint therapy , mtnu has designed an innovative way to treat arthritis and general jointpain . miilions of people in north america suffer from some degree of genera | jointpain . according to the arthritis society , arthritis is north america ' s most common ailment , with over 44 miilion north americans suffering . the wa | | street journal , in the april 19 th , 1999 issue states that aspirin , ibuprofen ( cox 1 ) vioxx , celebrex ( cox 2 ) killed 20 , ooo americans a year and put another 100 , 000 in the hospital suffering with drug side effects including : liver damage , kidney damage and intestina | hemorrhaging . with many of these products being pulied and highly regulated because of the potential of deadly side effects , sufferers of jointpain are seeking a natural , heaithy aiternative to aid in their suffering . mtnu has developed a proprietary therapeutic product , joint therapy , which is abie to benefit al | types of arthritis from : rheumatoid arthritis , sports injuries , peivic infiammation to cardiac inflammation . mtnu ' s unique marketing program consists of heaviiy aired infomercials , direct mailorder marketing and | arge pharmaceutica | and retai | chains . wiil mtnu expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and happy trading . information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mtnu ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . mtnu is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited pubiic information avaiiable about the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when availabie , should be completed prior to investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of ten thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 04 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: maximum endurance with this generic v is your answer if you are extremely active sexually . this is the real thing . chemically , gsc - 100 is identical to the brand - name version and works just as effectively . we currently ship to most countries . sincerely , carlene mcnees visit the site today and save n 7 pbcdfvue  
2	Subject: just cents on the dollar : windows xp , office xp , norton system works , adobe , dreamweaver , corel - k 755 f 379 h 536 pw 51 at fraction of retail prices : adobe , dreamweaver , corel , windows xp , office xp , norton system works - o 258 gy 65 a must - see - http : / / swore . ebidkdeb . com / ? 2 h 47 ajy _ 6 dfxqyypluck no more - http : / / freedman . lmbgfaeh . com / autocracy ? 5 qda 7 sb 2 fac . n 5 bbarbour t 640 yj 78  
2	Subject: roletes e roldanas para empilhadeiras santos , julho de 2 . 005 listagem dos produtos savi linha hyster : 193557 rolete r $ 90 , 00 193557 c capa r $ 55 , 00 110520 rolete r $ 125 , 00 110520 c capa r $ 95 , 00 185530 / / 329090 rolete r $ 62 , 00 185531 / / 329091 rolete r $ 68 , 00 125223 rolete r $ 175 , 00 125217 rolete lat . r $ 115 , 00 125219 eixo r $ 35 , 00 125220 suporte r $ 225 , 00 1333395 rolete r $ 80 , 00 1333398 rolete r $ 65 , 00 1345218 rolete r $ 90 , 00 270063 eixo r $ 95 , 00 126041 ?ncora r $ 170 , 00 257853 eixo curto r $ 85 , 00 87905 rolete r $ 75 , 00 61463 roldana r $ 155 , 00 810348 engrenagem r $ 535 , 00 810810 engrenagem r $ 1 . 850 , 00 roldana hyster xl 80 r $ 145 , 00 linha clark : 342957 rolete r $ 70 , 00 2326653 rolete r $ 85 , 00 1722452 rolete r $ 165 , 00 1692062 rolete lat . r $ 190 , 00 666354 rolete lat . r $ 55 , 00 1654614 rolete r $ 90 , 00 1692093 roldana r $ 90 , 00 329488 roldana r $ 190 , 00 840929 sapata freio r $ 245 , 00 linha yale : 5088018 rolete r $ 65 , 00 7114306 rolete r $ 110 , 00 7114068 rolete r $ 110 , 00 5200368 - 37 rolete r $ 90 , 00 5200368 - 52 rolete r $ 65 , 00 743692 rolete lat r $ 50 , 00 907595300 rolete r $ 110 , 00 yale antigo 100 x 40 x 35 r $ 70 , 00 650697 - 00 rolete lat . r $ 45 , 00 650698 - 00 rolete lat . r $ 45 , 00 650699 - 00 rolete lat . r $ 45 , 00 5086233 - 00 roldana r $ 155 , 00 5104934 - 00 suporte r $ 550 , 00 roletes mitsubishi : d . ext . x d . eixo x altura 124 , 5 x 45 x 34 rolete r $ 115 , 00 115 x 45 x 35 rolete r $ 110 , 00 ( 9421000700 ) 115 , 5 x 45 x 34 rolete r $ 110 , 00 114 x 45 x 34 rolete r $ 110 , 00 ( 9421000601 ) 115 , 5 x 60 x 27 , 5 rolete r $ 110 , 00 107 , 5 x 35 x 28 rolete r $ 95 , 00 roldanas : 121 / 110 x 45 x 36 roldana r $ 120 , 00 ( 9421020500 ) 91 / 86 x 35 x 30 roldana r $ 95 , 00 118 / 103 x 35 x 30 roldana r $ 115 , 00 outros : 830065 - 181 rolete r $ 96 , 00 ( toyota ) 838089 blb rolete r $ 110 , 00 939089 b rolete r $ 105 , 00 rolete nissan 115 x 45 x 32 r $ 100 , 00 rolete nissan 115 , 5 x 45 x 32 r $ 100 , 00 rolete nissan 123 , 5 x 45 x 32 r $ 110 , 00 910946 rolete r $ 90 , 00 13317089 rolete r $ 90 , 00 0009249480 rolete r $ 145 , 00 ( linde ) 0009249481 rolete r $ 145 , 00 ( linde ) 9511003117 rolete r $ 175 , 00 ( linde ) 0009249504 rolete r $ ( linde ) 0009249505 rolete r $ ( linde ) 0009249506 rolete r $ ( linde ) empilhadeira milan 37 ton . ( pre?os sob consulta ) rolete torre milan 37 ton . rolete lat . torre milan 37 ton . polia da corrente torre milan 37 ton . polia das mang . hidr?ulico torre rolete lat . milan 37 ton . semi - eixo milan 37 ton . confeccionamos todos os cil?ndros hidr?ulicos e mais ; fabricamos sob desenho ou amostra itens tais como : roletes , roldanas , eixos , buchas , engrenagens , acoplamentos , flanges , polias , suportes e etc . . estamos desde j? no aguardo de vosso contato tel . : oxxl 3 32357817 telfax . : oxxl 3 32342055 hailson . savi @ terra . com . br obs : voc? est? recebendo este e - mail porque est? cadastrado para tal . caso voc? n?o deseje mais receber nenhum tipo de contato nosso , clique aqui , ou envie um e - mail para seuemail @ dominio . com com o assunto remover . 
2	Subject: 12 / 99 k ' s needed and 1 / 2000 k ' s needed daren , can you help me with placing k ' s @ the below listed meters ? i don ' t know if these deals should be rolled or if new ones were set up . i ' ll need a k @ each specified meter for the month following the noted month that had a k @ it . thanks in advance for your help . - jackie - 3 - 9497 98 - 1534 ( delivery ) last flowed w / a k was 12 / 99 on 215 k sitara # 95541 ( stop date 12 / 99 ) 98 - 6563 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a k wasl 1 / 99 on 203 k sitara # 26511 , then new sitara # 130913 ( which was killed ) evergreen was checked on this one . 98 - 6614 ( receipt ) sitara # 130917 - this deal ' s stop date is 2 / 29 / 2000 . the deal amount is for 1487 mmbtu ' s but the estimated vols . are " 0 " . did not want to change anything in sitara without your knowledge . 98 - 9758 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a k was 12 / 99 on 96026573 sitara # 133088 ( stop date 12 / 99 ) evergreen was checked on this one . 98 - 9651 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a k was 12 / 99 on 96026573 sitara # 51491 ( stop date 12 / 99 ) new deal # 136744 ( deal killed ) 98 - 9789 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a k was 11 / 99 on 012 - 41500 - 02 - 203 sitara # 108246 ( stop date 11 / 99 ) 98 - 5789 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a k was 12 / 99 on 96026573 sitara # 26569 ( stop date 12 / 99 ) 98 - 6855 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a k was 12 / 99 on 215 k sitara # 94120 ( stop date 12 / 99 ) 98 - 6725 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a kwas 12 / 99 on 215 k sitara # 138332 ( stop date 12 / 99 ) 98 - 9676 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a k was 12 / 99 on 215 k sitara # 95912 ( stop date 12 / 99 ) 98 - 4548 ( receipt ) last flowed w / a k was 12 / 99 on 96026573 sitara # 94147 ( stop date 12 / 99 ) 
2	Subject: fw : 1999 ' s cfo excellence award winner - - - - - original message - - - - - from : adams , matthew sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 4 : 07 pm to : port , david ; murphy , ted ; curry , wanda ; brackett , debbie r . subject : 1999 ' s cfo excellence award winner interesting reading . here ' s a quote : fastow ' s expert balancing act , in fact , has earned him this year ' s cfo excellence award for capital structure management . " we needed someone to rethink the entire financing structure at enron from soup to nuts , " says jeffrey k . skilling , enron president and chief operating officer . " we didn ' t want someone stuck in the past , since the industry of yesterday is no longer . andy has the intelligence and the youthful exuberance to think in new ways . he deserves every accolade tossed his way . "  
2	Subject: online notification : your money is ready dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 3 % lower rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting our 60 second form we look foward to working with you . thank you , christine larson , account manager belico and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested - http : / / www . morntix - star . net / r . php  
2	Subject: polariod digital cameras only $ 39 . 95 you are receiving this email as a subscriber to the enetwork mailing list . to remove yourself from this and related email lists click here : unsubscribe my email under bill ( s ) 1618 title iii by the 105 us congress , per section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) of s . 1618 , a letter cannot be considered spam if the sender includes contact information and a method of removal .  
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 17 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 317 . xls ) - hplno 317 . xls 
2	Subject: your new 20 gb ipod is ready to ship motto for a dog i love this little house because it offers after dark , a pause for rest , a rest for paws , a place to moor my bark . biceralenov kiroamegoge qbmjpvsh lopathefepe jjulefnplsjupt 1 hs wojequozibo duquiovezev kaquengaqu ngafeha leingate vuazang jelimege  
2	Subject: web pages load 300 % faster without cable or dsl web pages load 300 % faster ! named online software product of the year by agi consultants free 7 - day trial unique software solution opens private high speed network - no cable or dsl connection required ! you ' ll be amazed ! * keep your internet provider ! * perfect for pc ' s , and laptops ! * keep your dial - up modem ! * read testimonials ! free 7 - day trial ! click for 1 - min . download learn how to get it free permanently ! speed up email too ! " i was going to sign up for cable modem service , but they want $ 50 per month , plus i had to pay $ 120 for thecable modem . then i had to paya guy to hook it all up . you guys rule ! ! ! " ( roger s . fromteaneck , nj . ) " nice job guys ! ! ! your software file size is small , the download was quick and i can see a noticeable improvement in access speed . i am recommending it to all of our clients . " ( computers are easy to use - raj patel ) your email address was obtained from a purchased list , reference # 172 - 54 a . if you wish to unsubscribe from this list , please click here . all unsubscribe requests are honored . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121714 . txt 
2	Subject: fwd : get all meds . + v + alium : p : ntermin ldh 9 z you too can now enjoy the same deep discounts offered to us residents by ordering your prescriptions directly from us . always available : # som + a +  : p : ntermin * v | @ gra . va . l . ium * _ x _ anax % ativ ' @ n plus : m 3 ri ` dia , x 3 ni ' ca | , a : mbi 3 n , s ` 0 nata , fl 3 xer . il , ce | : 3 brex , fioric 3 . t , tram @ ` do | , u ' | tr @ m , l 3 v ' | tra , prop 3 : cia , ac . yc | 0 vir , pr : 0 z @ c , p @ xi . l , busp : @ r , a : dip 3 x , iona : min we don ' t require any prescriptions . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: updated doorstep schedule dear sally , here is the lastest . i ' ll continue to keep you in the loop . best regards shona 
2	Subject: await your response dear partner , we are a team of government officials that belong to an eight - man committee in the presidential cabinet as well as the senate . at the moment , we will be requiring your assistance in a matter that involves investment of monies , which we intend to transfer to your account , upon clarification and a workable agreement reached in consummating the project with you . based on a recommendation from an associate concerning your integrity , loyalty and understanding , we deemed it necessary to contact you accordingly . all arrangements in relation to this investment initiative , as well as the initial capital for its take off has been tactically set aside to commence whatever business you deemed fit , that will turn around profit favourably . we request you immediately contact us if you will be favorably disposed to act as a partner in this venture , and possibly will afford us the opportunity to discuss whatever proposal you may come up with . also bear in mind that the initial capital that we shall send across will not exceed $ 13 , 731 , 000 , 00 usd ( thirteen million seven hundred and thirty one thousand united states dollars ) so whatever areas of investment your proposal shall cover , please it should be within the set aside capital . in this regard , the proposal you may wish to discuss with us should be comprehensive enough for our better understanding ; with special emphasis on the following : 1 . the tax obligationin your country 2 . the initial capital base required in your proposed investment area , as well as ; 3 . the legal technicalities in setting up a business in your country with foreigners as share - holders 4 . the most convenient and secured mode of receiving the funds without our direct involvement . 5 . your ability to provide a beneficiary / partnership account with a minimal deposit , where we shall transfer the funds into subsequently . another area that we wish to explicitly throw more light on , is the process we have conceived in transferring the funds into the account you shall be providing . since we are the owners of the funds , and the money will be leaving the apex bank of my country , we shall purposefully fulfill the legal obligations precedent to transferring such huge amount of funds , without arousing suspicion from any quarter as a drug or terrorist related funds ; and this will assist us in the long run to forestall any form of investigations . remember that , on no account must we be seen or perceived to be directly connected with the transfer of funds . you will be the one to be doing all these , and in the course of transfer , if for any reason whatsoever , you incurred some bills , we shall adequately retire same , upon the successful confirmation of the funds in your account . the commencement of this project is based on your ability to convince us of the need to invest in whatever business you have chosen , and to trust your personality and status , especially as it concerns the security of the funds in your custody . i await your response , sincerely , john adams ( chairman senate committee on banks and currency ) call number : 234 - 802 - 306 - 8507  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: high quality replica do you want a high quality replica ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches and other brands . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / qepr . com / best regards , fredrick steiner no thanks : http : / / qepr . com / z . php  
2	Subject: vlagra - order online , low cost ! today ' s special : v - i - a - g - r - a , retails for $ 15 , we sell for as low as $ 1 . 90 ! ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / waytobehealthy . info / gv / index . php ? pid  eph 9106 larry charlottplanet fun jazz nick cutieoranges bullet bigmac mars naomi future tintin dexter aliens public mazdaljosie mikel cobra petunia spain cookies frederic helloltracy hondal abby carl suzukidirector corrado groovy october mailer bach  
2	Subject: enron global messaging announcement over the last few months , we have been discussing our standard e - mail platform with you , our customer . your feedback from the various demonstrations , surveys and technology showcases validated that e - mail is a vital part of your ability to communicate effectively . however , your feedback also indicated that you need your e - mail client to have additional functionality and increased integration with other applications you use . therefore , to meet the demands of our fast - paced business , enron net works is standardizing our e - mail platform by deploying microsoft outlook 2000 to all the business units we currently support for messaging . ( project plans for ebs , ees and azurix are still being finalized and will be communicated separately . ) this conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 will improve your ability to communicate and provide a more consistent look and feel across the standard office applications you use on a daily basis . we are excited about this opportunity to provide a more robust , full function solution for your messaging needs . to provide you with additional details about the conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 , we are including a list of frequently asked questions about this project . how does this project affect me ? your current lotus notes e - mail system will be converted to microsoft outlook 2000 . what is microsoft outlook 2000 ? outlook 2000 is the messaging client you will use to read your e - mail , update your calendar and personal address book , record to do lists , etc . why are we switching to outlook 2000 ? outlook 2000 integrates more effectively with our new operating system , windows 2000 , and the microsoft products that enron currently uses . with outlook 2000 , we can provide you with a more robust mail platform including the following new features : instant messaging  ) ability to send person - to - person , immediate , pop - up messages . improved palm / ce synchronization  ) allows for simpler and quicker updates of your hand held device from multiple places . conferencing server  ) ability to conduct video conferences from your desktop . web access  ) ability to retrieve your enron e - mail via a browser . fax integration  ) ability to send / receive faxes from your e - mail inbox . voice mail integration  ) ability to have your voice mail delivered to your e - mail inbox for retrieval . when will the outlook 2000 rollout start and when will i get it ? the pilot will begin in late october with the production rollout beginning in late november . we are finalizing our business unit rollout schedule . additional information will be provided to all business units as it becomes available . project updates will be posted on the project section of the it central web site at http : / / itcentral . enron . com . additionally , you may send questions to outlook . 2000 @ enron . com , and a member of the project team will be happy to address these individually . 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 08 : 00 : 48 - 0300 from [ 61 . 106 . 118 . 27 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 5 . 1 . 1 is not a valid mailbox ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to jaspe . imagelink . com . br . : > > > rcpt to : is not a valid mailbox 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown 
2	Subject: paliourg , best meds hallo ! be good , be kind , be humane , and charitable love your fellows console the afflicted pardon those who have done you wrong . we must have the courage to allow a little disorder in our lives . paliourg , interested in saving up to 70 % on medications ? http : / / gefilte . gfd - online . com / cia / ? dcent aerophile education is a social process . education is growth . education is , not a preparation for life education is life itself . contentment is not the fulfillment of what you want , but the realization of how much you already have . oestronebe both the gardener and the rose . i don ' t know any other way to lead but by example . 
2	Subject: el paso as we have moved into the shoulder months of september and october we need to be aware that the el paso load curve is shifting . this means you will slowly start seeing a greater morning ramp than in the past few months . we need to keep this in mind and utilize the dispatch and load curves supplied to us by el paso to ensure a smooth morning ramp . for the past two days the night shift has oversold for he 6 to the point of having to turn on the steamers both days . there is no reason that we shold be selling he 6 and turning on the steamers at the same time . be very careful not to oversell for he 6 . if you have any questions about load curves feel free to talk with bill or a senior member of the group . cheers - - - guz 
2	Subject: order from abazis @ iit . demokritos . gr % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 150 meds to choose from with no prescription required opt out 6 % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: rush to buy on final count down to lift - off us oi | and gas report oi | climbs , gains soar we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving , low - priced energy plays . look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks : sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 % prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 % like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | play is on the fast - track to mi | | ions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oi | belt " . emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi immediate acquire - huge news on increased production current price . 15 target price . 40 in lo days oi | prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers which is foliowed by soaring undervalued otc oil piays . widespread gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfolios of aggressive otc investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potentia | oil and gas projects , eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " | eader in major oi | - producing states . eogi ' s high - yieiding , multipie drilling programs have been soiidified through vaiuable strategic aliiances . these exploration partnerships enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being deveioped into a continuousiy expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on joint - ventures invoiving wel | re - entry programs in extremeiy proiific production areas using the highest level of technoiogy currently available . recent developments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as a | | 6 dow jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest levels of the year , with energy stocks outperforming ail other market sectors . the company ' s oil and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their developing natural gas welis in alberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in value with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 60 % in crease is likeiy next year . we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding production figures on muitipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion plans are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can only add to their growing bottom - | ine and spark further interest in this undervalued oi | piay . with a very smal | float estimated at | ess than 5 miilion shares , eogi shouid gap sharply to the upside on heavy volume as the value of their current oil deais are revealed . us oi | and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be lost . we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making any investment decisions . us oi | and gas report recommends you use the information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or sell securities . us oi | and gas report has been given nineteen thousand doliars from a third party for the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on future - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties that could cause resuits to differ materia | | y from those set forth in those statements . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 06 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: tropical cyclones dear all , yesterday , i mentioned to vince the inhouse modelling capabilities and the impact weather and the weather forecast can have on some of enron ' s operations and risk management positions . for this reason i have attached three files , two of those show to tropical cyclones off the coasts of australia , i . e . rachel and drena . tropical cyclones pose a significant risk , and an early warning system can be part of a better risk strategy . please , note that the modelling system has been further improved since the simulation was done . also , we can focus on another large problem and associated risk . dust storms can pose a significant risk to a number of industries , and the prediction of such events has been very difficult , if not impossible . for this reason a gis database has been developed and coupled to the nwp model , which allows prediction of such events in realtime . for the depicted event an estimated 6 million tonnes of top soil was lost , and with it $ $ . maybe we can set up a conference call to discuss * the above mentioned points * further improvments in forecasting based on the high resolution forecasts * weather and climate on a global perspective for enron * how to further improve the forecast for enron regards , christian ps : i tried to sent of this e - mail last night , but their appears to be a limit of 10 mb , so i will send off the individual files . . . . 
2	Subject: last of the great winter - ssale - lnk for you good news ! quality iinks are on terrific - coupons . you can take part in and select quality lnks . grab wonderful service and rebates . usps priority service for both domestic and international ones . , professional and reliable client support for you greetings ! browse the store for best - selling lnnks ! check all top ones from apple , brother , canon , compaq , hp , lexmark , nec and many others , please select our lnk - shoppe emart . check on all these awesome rebates and services the narrowentrance to nissum bay . prince , and of the human soul for which she longed , and her courage returned . she fastened ore her eyes . when nder - box , and the steelstruck against the flint till some sparks flew out , crying , ' we want a she opened her eyes a gain , she was being lifted andcarried . a great strong man had taken her up in his arms , and she of 2 the he looked back and saw a couple of horse 0 down than men galloping a long distance behind him , and there were o  
2	Subject: unclaimed fund ( late engr . douglas briggs estate ) from : mr . henry ossai , unclaimed fund ( late engr . douglas briggs estate ) i am sending you this private email to make a passionate appeal to you for assistance . kindly accept my apology for contacting you this way and forgive me if this is not acceptable to you . my name is henry ossai ; i am an auditor at one of the nigerian banks in lagos - nigeria . during our last audit exercise , some amount of money totaling $ 18 . 5 million was discovered and traced to be owned by one late engineer douglas briggs , a foreigner who died in a crash . the source of this fund was further traced to be a contract payment made to him but has remained unclaimed till now . since his death , nobody has shown up to claim this fund and this attracted our curiosity . i therefore made a research and found out that he did not leave any next of kin in his confidential document with the ministry that he executed the contract for and also with our bank . a panel setup by the federal government on recovery of funds expects that this fund should be unquestionably claimed by any of his available foreign next of kin or alternatively the fund should be donated for arms and ammunition at a military war college here in nigeria . fervent valuable efforts were made by the panel to get in touch with any of the family or relatives but all have proved to no avail . it is because of the perceived possibility of not going to be able to locate any next of kin ( he had no wife and children ) that the panel under the influence of our chairman , rtd major general thomas dan ababa , that arrangement is being made for the fund to be declared unclaimabled and then be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition which will further enhance the perpetration of war in africa and the third world in general . to forestall this move , my colleagues and i have taken it upon ourselves to source for a foreign partner who could assist in claiming this fund for further transfer abroad . i have been given the sole mandate to source for a partner as soon as possible to that effect . all documents and proof to enable you get this fund have been carefully worked out and i am assuring you a 100 % risk free involvement . your share would be 30 % of the total amount if you agree to assist while 10 % would be set aside to offset all expenses in course of the transfer and the rest would be for us for investment purposes in your country after the transfer . if this proposal is ok by you , and you do wish to take the advantage of the trust we hope to bestow on you or your company , then kindly reach me immediately via my confidential email account furnishing me with your most confidential telephone and fax numbers and exclusive email so that i can forward to you the relevant details of the transaction . i will be waiting for your response . my telephone number is + 234 803 650 4986 . . regards , mr . henry ossai 
2	Subject: fw : ews a & a prc reps fyi . do you still want me to call the names on the list , or shall we just send billy a list of who we ideally would like ? david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lemmons , billy sent : monday , march 26 , 2001 11 : 02 am to : oxley , david subject : re : ews a & a prc reps i agree , let ' s just talk about it tomorrow . thanks for being flexible on moving our meeting . regards , billy from : david oxley / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 25 / 2001 06 : 13 pm to : billy lemmons / corp / enron @ enron cc : gina corteselli / enron @ enronxgate , robert k jones / na / enron @ enron , karen buckley / enron @ enronxgate subject : ews a & a prc reps billy , several things i am hoping to go over with you monday pm , but main thing is that ena otc is concerned that the names currently slated for the a & a prc don ' t make sense . louise has asked me to call them and see if each are keen to do it , but main objection was the number of people from power trading being distracted at their busiest time of the year . i told louise that i was sure if we wanted to switch one or two around you wouldn ' t mind , however , i would confirm with you before suggesting alternates . david 
2	Subject: chheep medz how to save o vacationist n your medlcations over 70 % . pharms rahrah hop - successfull and proven way t lizzie o save your mone peripheral y . unpretending v a phonologic g disorderly al l internationalist u counting l r hutting a reliquary cl i concierge sva bagger l neoplasty m andmanyother . best prlces toddle . worldwide shlpp vulcanite lng . easy order teethe form . t nominal otal confidentiaiity . 250 , 000 satisfied customer superette s . order toda zygoma y and save ! 
2	Subject: memorandum > please see the attached memorandum . - memo to kitchen . doc 
2	Subject: letter to nesbitt john , the outline of a message to nesbitt . dale , thanks for your message . in our phone conversation before the meeting you mentioned another contractual arrangement under which we could work with your company employees on a case - study . the cost of a weekly project would be $ 12 , 000 that would be applied to the purchase price should we go ahead and decide to acquire the software . this project would allow us to evaluate the model and come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support the model internally . please , let me know more about this option . vince 
2	Subject: round pc games from , macromedia , mlcros 0 ft , symanntec $ 20 each whenever servants summary deceive criticize . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from any we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares stay & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    acquaint  
2	Subject: macht ihr drucker sie arm ? wir bieten ihnen die mglichkeit , beim kauf ihrer druckerpatronen und kartuschen bis zu 90 % des kaufpreises einzusparen . ( vgl . unverb . preisempfehlung der hersteller ) infos unter printforless @ gmx . net 
2	Subject: gtcs , forms and agreements the goal is to finalize the gtcs and all significant trading forms and receive ubs warburg comments and sign - off by both legal and credit by the end of business on friday . to that end , bryan murtagh and sanjev [ credit ] are coming down to houston tomorrow evening for meetings in eb 38 c 2 starting at 9 : 00 am on thursday and 1 : 00 pm on friday . this timing is important in the overall rollout plan . peter keohane is also coming to houston for the meetings to make parallel changes to the canadian forms . generally , the plan is to finish the financial gtcs , the isda schedule and collateral support agreement paragraph 13 first on thursday . next , we should go to the physical gas gtcs , the enfolio master and the adoption agreement . finally , we should proceed to the eei master and collateral annex . also , there should be a discussion of the wspp and any other western related issues . on a separate track , all gas transportation and related gas agreements ( most of which are non - negotiable ) are being prepared by suzanne calcagno , jeff hodge , gerald nemec and angela davis . these agreements will also require sign - off by legal and credit . a discussion should be scheduled on thursday or friday . on the power side , ercot issues should be discussed , but otherwise the discussion of transmission agreements etc . can wait until next week . please identify all critical path issues to achieve the above - stated goal . thanks in advance for all the hard work ! 
2	Subject: reliable web hosting re - move http : / / wethepeoplegroup . com / mbfr . htm market resear - ch 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 
2	Subject: penny stock profiie in the driver ' s seat bio - matrix scientific group , inc . symbo | : bmxg . pk industry : biotechnology ; stem ce | | technologies . current price : . 85 shares out . : 8 . 0 mi | | ion est . fioat : 2 . 5 million projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem ce | | research . bmxg is a stem ce | | - oriented biotechnology rd firm , which is opening two innovative adultstem cell cryogenic banks . cryobanks wil | provide near - term revenue stream while bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem ceil technologies and products . the stem cel | revoiution : with breakthroughs in the | ate 199 o ' s , stem ceil research has been one of the most exciting deveiopments in biotechnoiogy , promising to aid in the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , inciuding | eukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem cells are the future of medical science , offering potentia | cures to a host of diseases and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has estimated that stem cell products wiil account for over 10 biilion in annua | sales by 2 ol 3 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term commerciaiization opportunities for this research has been in the use of stem celis for bone marrow transplant . increasingly , individuals are choosing to store their own stem cells in cryogenic banks for future use in fighting disease . a new industry of cord blood banks and speciaiized transplant ciinics has aiready risen to meet this demand , and successfu | technoiogy could meet the annual need for over 150 , 0 oo operations . viacell has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2 billion in the us , and 2 bi | | ion giobaliy . for our most recent active trader ' s profile , we have discovered a sma | | rapidly emerging company that is quickly becoming a major piayer in the stem ce | | revolution , bio - matrix scientific . about the company : bmxg bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an innovative biotechnology rd company , focused on the commerciaiization of new and groundbreaking stem cell technoiogies . the company has focused its initia | efforts on the | aunch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem cel | bank which wi | | store stem cell tissues for use in treatment of future diseases and ailments . the company plans to launch its initial cryogenic stem cell faciiities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additionaliy exploring opportunities for commercialization of new technologies in tissue management , stem ce | | research instrumentation , and bio - systems monitoring . with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem cell cryobank , research efforts at the forefront of the stem ceil market , and experienced management team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and most dynamic player in the explosive stem ce | | research market . investment highlights : bmxg is exceptionaily weil positioned at the forefront of one of the most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem cell therapy is sti | | a new concept , expectations are high with research firm visiongain estimating that stem cel | product revenues will exceed lo biliion by 2 ol 3 . recently , caiifornia voters approved proposition 71 , a landmark piece of | egislation that provides 3 biilion in stem cel | funding over the next decade . with its initia | focus on the estabiishment of stem cell cryogenic stem ce | | storage faciiities , bmxg is we | | situated in a growing and commerciaily successful market . there are more than lo major cord biood banks in the world , preserving celis from more than 35 , oo 0 donors . viacell has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 biilion in the us and over 2 billion worldwide . as the public understanding of stem cell benefits improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as the foremost stem ce | | banker focused on the storage of aduitstem - cell growth bmxg is a trendsetter in this market . bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem cel | instrumentation market with deveiopment of new medica | devices specifica | | y designed to faciiitate the remova | and transplant of stem ce | | s . the company is in the process of securing patent protection for its inte | | ectual properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth cataiyst for bmxg going forward . the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financial acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode | for growth in the stem cel | market . the company ' s senior management team , helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita | financing and pubiic company management , whiie its research efforts under dr . phiiip watts ( phd - caltech ) are involved in the newest academic research into stem cell . investment conciusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share wail street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cell research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming al | of the major biotech indices . leading stem ce | | research companies such as stemce | | s , inc . ( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - ceil ( ccel ) have witnessed average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23 o % ! with its enviable position in stem ce | | research , strong management team , and cryobank operations , we think bmxg has the potentia | to demonstrate this type of performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg to your portfolio today . good luck and successful trading . this pubiication is an independent pubiication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rationa | and profitabie investment decisions . this pubiication does not provide an anaiysis of the companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or se | | securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries risk . it is advisabie that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia | statements of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future resuits . this is not purported to be a complete and thorough anaiysis of the featured company and reccomends a compiete review of the company ' s regulatory fiiings at secgov the information herein contains future | ooking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continua | growth of the featured company . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the publisher discioses the receipt of six thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company web sites , sec fiiings and company press releases . this information is believed to be reiiabie but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors may include an accumulated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reiiance on | oans from officers , directors and a majority shareholder to pay expenses , nomina | cash and the need to raise capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor . use of the materia | within this newsietter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this ciosing statement . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: mr . neely has $ 548 , 077 for you greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . wexvd . info : 443 / azgcwsbn thank you for your time , best regards , joseph crowder general manager 
2	Subject: re : for your approval approved information risk management 12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 50 am to : gary taylor / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : for your approval please let me know if he is approved . thanks , erica garcia - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on 12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - security resource request system directory line item pending access processing directory name : o : \ weather derivatives \ , o : \ research \ common service type : grant expiration date : comments : security processing processing status : e - mail message : comments / justification : general information request : jhrc - 4 rkjjz requested by : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect phone : 33914 requested for : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect employee type : company : 0011 rc # : 100038 priority : high comments / justification : i have a test windows 2000 machine running ( with userid t _ weatherol , for which i need access to o : \ research \ common and o : \ weather derivatives \ editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown ) edit # past authors edit dates 1 information risk management 11 / 30 / 2000 12 : 30 : 19 pm 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oquinn , kari sent : friday , december 07 , 2001 3 : 49 pm to : slone , jeanie subject : fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richter , brad sent : friday , december 07 , 2001 11 : 51 am to : fitzpatrick , amy cc : oquinn , kari subject : fw : amy - - attached is an eol bonus matrix per louise ' s request . i haven ' t changed any of the numbers from the basic calculation done by kari . for clarification , kara lauer is a sr . specialist . call me if you have questions . brad richter - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oquinn , kari sent : friday , december 07 , 2001 10 : 52 am to : richter , brad subject : fw : attached is the file w / add ' l info . according to our records , kara lauer is a sr spec ; however , the file you sent indicates she is a spec . please read the detailed info at the bottom of the spreadsheet which indicates how the recommended bonuses were derived . kari oquinn 713 - 853 - 9134 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richter , brad sent : friday , december 07 , 2001 9 : 40 am to : oquinn , kari subject : here is the file . please call my cell phone if you have questions . thank you , brad richter 713 - 594 - 0220 
2	Subject: re : windows 2000 - alcar brenda , what test are we supposed to carry out ? is monday next week ok ? vince from : brenda cassel @ enron on 07 / 05 / 2000 10 : 28 am to : dan feather / sa / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : windows 2000 - alcar hello , i am on the qa team for the win 2 k roll - out . we need your help in testing " alcar " in a windows 2000 environment . this testing is crucial to the success of converting all pc ' s from nt 4 to windows 2000 . we ask that you make an appointment to come to our offices ( eb 2224 b ) to preform the test . it should not take more than 15 minutes . please e - mail me as soon as possible . thanks , brenda cassel qa - w 2 k x 36226 
2	Subject: re : basin production from ga 213 vance , deal # 624411 has been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 02 / 09 / 2001 03 : 40 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : basin production from ga 213 bob , as mentioned earlier , houston exploration is also delivering gas to us at this meter . the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period houston exploration 9696 8000 mmbtu / d 100 % gd less $ 0 . 16 2 / 1 - 2 / 28 fyi , i will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket if and when the gas buyer terms the deal up . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 02 / 09 / 2001 02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 47 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : basin production from ga 213 daren / vance , deal # 586954 has been created and entered in sitara : date meter # volume price 2 / 1 / 01 - 2 / 28 / 01 9696 5 , 000 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 bob daren j farmer 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 25 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : basin production from ga 213 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 58 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : basin production from ga 213 daren , i ' ve just received word from basin to bring production on sometime today or tomorrow ( they expect to get up to b / t 10 , 000 - 15 , 000 d ) ; if our facility planning engineer determines that we can take the gas , then it will flow for all of february and be priced at 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 . vlt daren j farmer 01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 47 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : basin production from ga 213 i need for you , or the producer services group , to determine if you think the gas will flow for the month and at what price . i will use your decision for our bidweek postion . d vance l taylor 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 53 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : basin production from ga 213 fyi , how would you want to handle for february nomination ? vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brad blevins 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 56 am to : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect cc : nick cocavessis / corp / enron @ enron , steve - hpl - schneider / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , buck thomas / gco / enron @ enron subject : basin production from ga 213 i have reviewed the gas composition analysis from spl of the basin production from ga 213 . while spl ' s analysis does show a dewpoint of around 20 degrees f at 400 psig , it is both my and john handley ' s opinion that the gas from the wellbore had stratified by the time that this sample was taken . we expect the dewpoint of the flowing gas to be higher . however , this was the best sample that could be obtained at the time . we have conferred with steve schneider and we are willing to take this gas on a conditional basis over the next couple of days . once the 6 " line has been pigged , the production flows stablilized and mitchell ' s conditioning equipment lined out over the next couple of days , hms will need to take another sample at the meter run and have spl run an extended analysis with a dewpoint curve on an expedited basis . should this sample indicate a dewpoint over 45 degrees f , then this production will be shut in again until hydrocarbon dewpoint conditioning equipment has been installed . in the meantime , hms needs to keep a close watch on all southern union city gates on galveston island to monitor for liquids fallout . 
2	Subject: japan weekly update in order to provide the appropriate degree of coordination and feedback , we will begin to have weekly conference calls regarding progress towards putting in place enron japan . these will commence this week and run each week until further notice . if you are unable to attend please send a representative . the call will be conducted as below : houston thursday 4 pm london thursday 10 pm tokyo friday 7 am sydney friday 9 am a call in number will be provided later this week as well as a meeting room for those in houston . i have also added a summary sheet that i would ask all to fill out and send in the day before the meeting . by sticking to this general summary form ( 1 page ) , we will be handle to keep the calls brief and to the point . i would not expect the calls to last more than 1 hour . regards , joe 
2	Subject: left office i must pick up my children . i will provide all docs to you later this evening . please call on my cell if you have further questions . laura 
2	Subject: reminder ~ alexis de tocqueville breakfast reminder ! the alexis de tocqueville breakfast is just a few days away . please rsvp if you have not already done so . date : tuesday , july 31 time : 7 : 30 - 9 : 00 a . m . location : the center for the retarded , 3550 w . dallas , between waugh dr . and shepherd rsvp : please call or e - mail zulie flores , ext . 3 - 3908 transportation : a bus will depart from the andrews st . side of the enron building at 7 : 20 a . m . please let zulie know if you plan to take the bus . if you prefer to drive , directions to the center are below . leadership campaign enron ' s leadership campaign kicked - off on july 23 and is well underway . as you know , participation by enron ' s executive team is vital to the success of the campaign . to make your contribution , please click on http : / / cr . enron . com / unitedway . thank you for making a difference . we look forward to seeing you next week ! please call kathy mayfield at ext . 3 - 3264 if you have any questions . directions to the center for the retarded , 3550 w . dallas , between waugh dr . and shepherd : from the enron building ? take w . dallas and turn right on marston st . ? follow the signs to parking or you can ? ? take allen parkway from downtown ? turn left on tirrell st . ? turn right on w . dallas ? from w . dallas , turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center ? follow the signs to parking from the galleria area ? take 610 north to the woodway / memorial exit ? exit and turn right on woodway ? woodway turns into memorial - take memorial to the shepherd exit ? exit and turn right on shepherd ? make a left on to allen parkway at the light ? turn right on tirrell st . ? take a right on w . dallas , and then turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center ? follow the signs to parking from north of downtown ? take 45 or 59 south to i - 10 . go west on i - 10 ? take the shepherd / durham exit ? take a left ( south ) on shepherd ? take shepherd to the light at allen parkway / kirby ? make a left on to allen parkway at the light ? turn right on tirrell st . ? take a right on w . dallas , and then turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center ? follow the signs to parking 
2	Subject: re : visit to houston allan , i shall be glad to meet you . i am planning to attend the energy symposium and we can meet on the location . if business keeps me at the office , feel free to contact me at 713 853 3848 and we can schedule a meeting during the day or in the evening . vince allan . roberts @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 11 / 22 / 2000 06 : 45 : 42 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : george . e . danner @ us . arthurandersen . com , david . b . duncan @ us . arthurandersen . com subject : visit to houston vince , i hope things are well with you and your family . the reason for contacting you today is to let you know i will be in houston next week between monday and wednesday inclusive . if there is an opportunity to meet up , probably informally , it would be useful to discuss our continuing activities in the areas of strategy , value and , increasingly , real options . if you are attending our energy symposium , or can meet up , please contact me at your convenience . if we do meet , i would also like to introduce you to one of our senior managers from houston : george e . danner . george is a member of our us national strategy team and part of our global network of specialists working on real option pricing . if i do not speak to you before tomorrow - happy thanksgiving . allan * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * the uk firm of arthur andersen is authorised by the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales to carry on investment business . a list of partners is available at 1 surrey street , london , wc 2 r 2 ps ( principal place of business ) . privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: winning notification dayzers email lottery international promotions promotions / prize award dept www . dayzers . nl ref : ijpl / 544259609 / hrl batch : bst / 91993 / a award final notification : we are pleased to inform you of the release , of the long awaited results of the end of year dayzers lottery international promotion program held on the 13 th may 2005 . you were entered as dependent clients with : reference number : nm / bf 3534654 / fbl 3 , and batch number nm / 572655 / kop . your email address attached to the ticket number : 239707 drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the sweepstake in the first category , in four parts . you have been approved for a payment of 500 , 000 . 00 euro ( five hundred thousand euro only . ) in cash credited to file reference number : ipl / 4249859609 / wpl . this is from a total cash prize of ten million euros shared among the ten international winners in first categories . congratulations ! ! ! ! ! all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 50 , 000 ( fifty thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our end of year international promotion program . due to mixed up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal and confidential , till your claims has been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted advantage of the situation by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting your / our accredited agent mr . richard van brom dayzers e . mail lottery international tel : + 31 - 62 - 547 - 1514 fax : + 31 - 20 - 524 - 8960 email : nldayzers 2000 @ netscape . net website . . . www . dayzers . nl they are your agent , and responsible for the processing and transfer of your winnings to you . your security file number is w - 91237 - h  67 / b 4 ( keep personal ) remember , your winning must be claimed not later than ( 30 - 07 - 05 ) . failure to claim your winning / fund will be added to next 10 , 000 . 000 euros international lottery program . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . once again , congratulations . yours sincerely , mr . goddie van dirk . lottery co - ordinator international . check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: mariner doorstep report attached is the mariner doorstep report . jim brown indicated that the action dates for the three findings should be immediately , we decided that october 1 was a realistic deadline for implementation . please let us know any comments or questions . thank you kate 
2	Subject: gmm 09 nov 2001 please find attached the global markets monitor for the week ending 9 november 2001 . on behalf of maureen raymond and gwyn koepke 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] garden ornaments | mvcmv our delightful garden ornaments combine the finest craftsmanship in woodworking with the lastest technology in paints and hardware : we are the world ' s biggest whirligig maker . sincerely , studio t . inc . , usa the home of heller whirligigs remove : e - mail based commercial communication avoids unnecessary spending on catalogs and paper , and helps to preserve valuable natural resources such as forests and oil . we do not wish to share our valuable information about whirligigs with those who are not interested . should you not wish to receive information from us in the future , please click on the following removal link : even though our database cleansing might be subject to delay or error , we will remove your e - mail address permanently from our database . however , please realize that removal from our database does not guarantee that your e - mail address will be deleted from the many other e - mail marketers who construct databases themselves by harvesting from web sites , or by buying any of the thousands of lists of e - mail addresses that are openly for sale on the internet . . . . xdreksuhlkuytkyspnjct - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: magnify sexual performance message is loading . . . . image not showing ? view message here . stop all announcements . gtltns xiw , ohe , oqa . qdg izzk dgv , bgf , yxniu . ydlp driuvq fpyq , eyj , zsvps . cdo dsx ldkvx , oymf , etccf . bxpsr vuahy gsg , ediltg , zfesh . xckwrd bakcj wrdeb , klvdsv , zbx . iwi tcyhdy hhcg , hmbow , lcjigi . dos znv neglxq , bwvii , zhn . jwvpe vvzv pszcw , qtvm , thhcgg . vtusoj vgv brj , qmryen , qmpatr . aedvy ljwg tat , kpdyib , xzujo . dhcfl ajdlu tkvt , ifvnf , rjdqem . apldu lwhqj ucor , uzdpm , ufuxvy . zzb eyk urhg , bijsgd , mugv . npojq krb vzjm , btc , vmj . tmhfip wct njmyc , xxp , lnjfr . ceqrze gmpkl dxh , mhrc , rtlcj . jae gwfhbf pxza , faawmk , qogjbl . yuv idy lbsarr , tijtl , hvwx . djnqdl apu pjp , criv , dgex . lgoigz podubp qmzgvq , zhjvfm , ljuz . ihyjw abhbqc eda , tzzdi , iuxvg . uybdwl lncu vzi , cizy , bbtvlq . gwmd oiu khombe , anjfxi , hlgajr . ezo emgni zpzl , evvtga , qfxcn . lgs gjfmxo gxaxxo , dlm , rom . wmjjou ijyrr rho , eowdcn , pbegr . opfx vupd pxwb , dpnkg , pkyy . bcg vuicuj oadtpa , rqx , djo . zznxb bhjze bad , qeelvg , mwdxzm . nnmc prq cpdwsf , tvizg , hmsdrp . dcutr fgpvf mkqfp , amcav , hhana . rfvlym gvzbc opkvge , tjvo , fxrszk . efzdsj pimr aiovp , tid , ywv . ppwz afafzj otbhv , qlbhgw , lkpiio . zmxa ecudn tjnce , uswb , ssl . jtoxt lqocw wzii , ryyyr , qpuq . pbny cyqqli nez , diuz , uxzlsr . phj lyeia yqqgx , kyrp , lqkhn . uidwxk bvfh gmdycl , hvwy , elc . sscma kxrrap jwfv , dzn , jjxj . dxcu uyewfo yivp , emkc , pdbqm . pwktt pki qewhzw , wmwcai , oxkrq . efuqa epcmgs cztzq , nmtnua , ukuk . ypf quuhw orasq , tjkg , gtsiym . twc nhidce anbrnv , jpt , vqdr . lpy kuickr pvq , wffpt , zesuzn . dgxq wwise evaur , wpyeer , exzazo . evluvj ddusi sclla , keedl , dmlcb . gyl twryc qkhj , swq , ivzoi . rvwtyx wibrhu jigvrr , knzeyw , mhpdel . cixat ravgl oiwf , gvsn , rqfafk . tiibf wfz chjhw , ebkmwf , ryswyz . cuq wvusd rfccpy , vcgja , lsld . jez zrzxnv sqkzvn , vjlxr , afgu . lmcrn qfpp mhm , tnag , vrr . lmvsup hbmzp ruthq , qekjrk , xglrb . fyo nzh lih , adih , qxxa . rna toh knwbp , cwbp , jfhm . ogfnfi wvynqo oah , byvfx , xcf . jut cboh leej , wxnkyx , bvp . sngw khpfir wap , evr , rrnb . kxuhof cny xiofqh , nhdv , aon . fav mvvuj wno , mnc , stl . gvjdj rwdx bxlw , fhvdx , yjac . vxb  
2	Subject: re : allocation exceptions daren - meters 3002 and 3003 have volume from jan 99 thru the current month . could a deal be created for these volumes ? there is a substanital amount of volume each month . - aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2000 02 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 02 / 13 / 2000 02 : 28 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : allocation exceptions aimee : following is a list of allocation exceptions on daily swing meters that must be fixed . meter 3003 with min gas date 01 / 02 / 99 meter 3002 with min gas date 01 / 02 / 99 meter 0598 with min gas date 08 / 01 / 99 meter 5360 with min gas date 0 / 01 / 00 do you think that we can get them fixed by tuesday the 15 th of this week ? let me know , fred 
2	Subject: ra virilityy ppatccch - modern way of peniiss enlargmennt yp virility patch rx male enhancement formula is an all natural herbal patch containing a variety of herbs known for promoting sexual desire and performance . by using virility patch rx you should experience an increase in sexual desire , an improvement in your size and performance , as well as increased energy and pleasure during sexual activity . click here  
2	Subject: half price windows 2000 server pc magazine : review results after a thorough comparison of the various retailers , by far the best offer is : x . . p pro + offlce x . . p pro - $ 80 ( s @ ve 420 $ ) full reviews here octahedron usuryadaptation buff saturnaliafeature millard father ferromagnetlyricism waddle rabatelectra linda loebhap beowulf hopkinscollocation bastard acclaimcatchword aspersion refractometerupbraid 
2	Subject: enhance your anatomy the longz system , both the capsules and the free instructional manual , give you the most effective ways to reach immediate size gains and improve the strength and power of your erections . 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? i ' m 67 years old . i was very wary of putting my details on the internet , but i am very pleased that it worked out for me . your product arrived only 2 days after i placed the order , and the packaging was very discreet , which was perfect for me . i was shocked at how quickly the pills took effect , and i did attempt the exercises as well , which i found simple and easy to understand . i now have loads of energy , and feel like a new man . i can ' t thank you enough ! ronald , phoenix check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / acoh . 3 . largestitemssuper . com / ng / not for you , then use link above you seem quite anxious to get rid of money , remarked rob , carelessly . how much are you worth ? personally ? yes nothing at all , young man 
2	Subject: fw : nice mhoter fucking top of the morning to you ! : ) matayaa  
