2	Subject: re : for immediate release cal - bay ( stock symbol : cbyi ) watch for analyst " strong buy recommendations " and several advisory newsletters picking cbyi . cbyi has filed to be traded on theotcbb , share prices historically increase when companies get listed on this larger tradingexhange . cbyi is trading around 25 cents and should skyrocket to $ 2 . 66 - $ 3 . 25 a share in the near future . put cbyi on your watch list , acquire a postion today . reasons to invest in cbyi a profitable company and is on track to beat all earnings estimates ! one of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety equipment instruments . excellent management team , several exclusive contracts . impressive client list including theu . s . air force , anheuser - busch , chevron refining and mitsubishi heavy industries , ge - energy environmental research . rapidly growing industryindustry revenues exceed $ 900 million , estimates indicate that there could be as much as $ 25 billion from " smell technology " by the end of 2003 . ! ! ! ! ! congratulations ! ! ! ! ! our last recommendation to buyorbt at $ 1 . 29 ralliedand is holding steady at $ 4 . 51 ! congratulations to all our subscribers that took advantage of this recommendation . all removes honered . please allow 7 days to be removed and send all address to : neveragain @ btamail . net . cn certain statements contained in this news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , and " intend " or similar terms . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . we were paid $ 27 , 000 in cash by a third party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . the owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in cbyi and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the time this report is published . factual statements are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . not intended for recipients or residents of ca , co , ct , de , id , il , ia , la , mo , nv , nc , ok , oh , pa , ri , tn , va , wa , wv , wi . void where prohibited . copyright c 2001 * * * * - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: analyst placement analyst business unit supervisor john weakly risk management for equity & debt trading bennett kauffman michael benien business analysis & reporting norman levine jody crook gas assets steve venturatos israel estrada global rate services mary solmonson sharon hausinger ees commercial risk management barry vanderhorst jennifer keith ees financial operations patrick hanes christine milliner corporate hr suzanne brown justin o ' malley ees gas commodities david draper adnan patel global counterparty mary gosnell lauren schlesinger ees financial planning matt culver shirley sidler global products scott earnest leah stephens global products kevin sweeney george thomas business analysis & reporting jody pierce angie zeman ne logistics kathy kelly the following analysts are still in need of a first rotation : sebastien bouvier henry montana cindy to 
2	Subject: mutiple orgasms is what she wants hi , the al . pha male plus will grant men tonz of cli . maxes . at last , any guy can achieve tons of climaxes without downtime and give his partner the pleasure they need a href  http : / / tyh . turpsz . us / alpha / ? hpsalesget it now zwj / a / font http : / / hzt . turpsz . us / alpha / ? hpsales a href  http : / / hpl . turpsz . us / alpha / o . htmlstop offerz / a  
2	Subject: re : management conference - business unit panel louise , i absolutely agree with you about the panels the last two years - - they have been weak . i think , though , that this should be looked at a little differently . the purpose for this is to highlight the operations of our business and to showcase the next level of leadership . i think rather than just focusing on one or two businesses , this format will allow us to hit each of them at a high level . mark will introduce each of you , talk a little about your backgrounds to help the vps get familiar with our new leadership , and interject questions and generate discussion as appropriate . to be honest , i see it as " rapid fire business unit presentations " as opposed to the typical panel . let me know if you get a different sense from mark . best , terrie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 10 : 40 am to : james , terrie subject : re : management conference - business unit panel i ' ll talk to frevert but i really thought the panel session last year was incredibly weak and don ' t think something of that format should be pursued again . i would hope for a major change in format . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : james , terrie sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 9 : 44 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : management conference - business unit panel yes , partly . i saw john last week and he told me that his wife was due to deliver their second child on november 9 and he would possibly miss the conference . however , i know mark was also interested in having women represented and liked having both you and janet on the panel to balance things out . i know you ' ll do a great job - - you always do ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 2 : 04 pm to : james , terrie subject : re : management conference - business unit panel is it me and not lavo due to him maybe not attending - - - - - original message - - - - - from : james , terrie sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 9 : 07 am to : horton , stanley ; kitchen , louise ; sherriff , john ; mcconnell , mike ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; dietrich , janet cc : kean , steven j . ; olson , cindy ; clark , morris ; lavorato , john ; delainey , david ; daw , nicki subject : management conference - business unit panel hello all , i ' m planning the agenda for this year ' s management conference . i ' ve been working on the upcoming meeting since march , but as you can imagine , the direction has changed several times . we are delighted to have general norman schwarzkopf delivering a keynote address on leadership , and gary hamel returning to help us process the past year . while we have arranged an all - star line up of outside speakers , we also want to focus on what is happening inside enron . rather than having only one or two business presentations , mark frevert has opted to moderate a panel to provide a high level overview of each of our primary operating units and has selected each of you to participate . currently , the panel is scheduled to take place 8 : 00 - 9 : 30 am on friday , november 16 . please plan to present a very high level overview of your business . you are welcome to use powerpoint slides , but in the interest of time , presentations must be no more than 10 minutes . mark will introduce each of you , interject questions , encourage interaction , and ensure we stay on time . below is the proposed order for your presentations . regardless of your place in the rundown , you will need to be seated on stage by 7 : 50 am and equipped with a microphone . because we have a full agenda that morning , we will try to begin the session promptly at 8 : 00 am . stan horton - global services louise kitchen - americas john sherriff - europe mike mcconnell - global markets jeff mcmahon - industrial markets janet dietrich - retail if you elect to use a powerpoint presentation , please forward it to me electronically by friday , november 9 or provide the presentation to me on cd at the management conference . to ensure consistancy , i ' ve attached a powerpoint template that i would like you to use . > finally , mark would like to meet with the six of you to finalize preparation for the panel at 4 : 00 pm on wednesday , november 14 following your arrival at the management conference . the meeting will take place in the library off the main lobby of the westin la cantera . in the meantime , if you have any questions or need any assistance , please contact me . i look forward to working with you . regards , terrie james senior director , corporate communication ( ph ) 713 . 853 . 7727 ( fax ) 713 . 646 . 3248 terrie . james @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : default rates per our discussion , see attached for impact of assumed recovery rates : michael tribolet @ enron 12 / 11 / 2000 08 : 09 am to : william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : default rates please see below for my note to jeremy at the bottom and his reponse . i have placed mark ruane ' s yields against a mid november default frequency table . note there may be a slight shearing in dates , but the concept is more important : market implied cumulative default rates ( % ) : 1 year 5 year 10 year aaa 0 . 51 5 . 74 14 . 54 aa 0 . 67 6 . 39 16 . 61 a 0 . 98 8 . 98 21 . 03 bbb 1 . 17 9 . 88 22 . 39 bb 3 . 27 18 . 62 37 . 51 b 4 . 65 24 . 21 46 . 27 s & p historical default rates ( % ) : 1 year 5 year 10 year aaa 0 . 00 0 . 13 0 . 67 aa 0 . 01 0 . 33 0 . 90 a 0 . 04 0 . 47 1 . 48 bbb 0 . 21 1 . 81 3 . 63 bb 0 . 91 8 . 82 14 . 42 b 5 . 16 20 . 95 27 . 13 in looking at the one - year transition rates as a very rough proxy for how many more defaults occur in a recession ( 1991 ) versus average ( 1981 - 1999 ) historical default rates ( % ) : investment grade non - investment grade avg . 1981 - 99 0 . 07 4 . 21 1991 0 . 12 10 . 40 multiple 1 . 7 x 2 . 5 x looking at where the market implied default rates divided by the historicals default rates to obtain a " multiple " ( how much more severe than historical ) : 1 year 5 year 10 year aaa infinite 44 . 2 x 21 . 7 x aa 67 . 0 x 19 . 4 x 18 . 5 x a 24 . 5 x 19 . 1 x 14 . 2 x bbb 5 . 6 x 5 . 5 x 6 . 2 x bb 3 . 6 x 2 . 1 x 2 . 6 x b 1 . 1 x 1 . 2 x 1 . 7 x on the 10 year historical figures , we need to be careful as the s & p static pool figures show a definite seasoning ( lower defaults in late years probably due to prepayment ) versus our contracts . secondly , the s & p figures have withdrawn ratings , which usually mean they are stale , but loosing some information content . i will ask emy to set up a meeting to discuss further . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael tribolet / corp / enron on 12 / 11 / 2000 07 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jeremy blachman @ ees on 12 / 10 / 2000 07 : 21 am to : michael tribolet / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : default rates thanks . i would strongly suggest an offsite sooner than later with a handful of the right people so that we can step back and design the right architecture for looking at credit in our deals . it is broken , not clear , killing our velocity and true capabilities . we also need to look at staffing , skills sets , the credit reserve model etc . perhaps you should take a crack at an agenda . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeremy blachman / hou / ees on 12 / 10 / 2000 07 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael tribolet @ enron 12 / 09 / 2000 03 : 51 pm to : jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : default rates i visited with vince kaminski for about 20 minutes today regarding the market implied defaults rates and the disconnect in investment grade land . he is seeing the same anomaly and agreed that we as a company need to revisit the methodology employed in calculating the implied figures . i will follow through and report back . 
2	Subject: re : cap rock they are supposed to be in the process of preparing pro - formas for us , since they hadn ' t done any real economic analysis before talking to us . i put a call into dana litman , the controller , who is pulling these numbers together , but have not yet heard from him . i ' ll let you know the status as soon as i hear from dana . louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 29 / 2001 01 : 44 pm to : carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : cap rock anything happened ? 
2	Subject: pro - forma invoice attached hear , look group , self . boy , wear never , chief under happen an . record about together these . corn build , but . these grand step beauty sign should , mean . hand even , first push how mount , interest . no clock were . ocean let certain property , tell lost . six west wait last story . believe , country rest just . hot thought old , final or color . bird , man , scale half vowel room yellow . stand any answer list wheel board this . went whether figure , desert choose kept sure . - - phone : 371 - 955 - 5261 mobile : 237 - 380 - 1975 email : staci . melba @ t - dialin . net  
2	Subject: congratulations on becoming a powerseller ! welcome welcome to a community of sellers that have achieved exceptional level of success and positive feedback on ebay ! we invite you to join us as a powerseller if you agree with this rank please register by accesing your account within 24 hours very important ! the registration is active only once . why become a powerseller ? powersellers are ebay top sellers who have sustained a consistent high volume of monthly sales and a high level of total feedback with 98 % positive or better . as such , these sellers rank among the most successful sellers in terms of product sales and customer satisfaction on ebay . we are proud to recognize their contributionsto the success of the ebay community ! when you see this icon next to the member ' s user id , be assured that the member is a qualified powerseller who not only maintains a solid sales record but also a 98 % positive feedback rating based on transactions with other ebay users . you can feel assured that your transaction will go smoothly and that you are dealing with one who has consistently met the requirements established by ebay . about ebay | announcements | security center | policies | site map | help copyright 1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy . ebay official time  
2	Subject: pictures videotape chip manometers rummel pages intercommunicating renovation starfish kicked semite reporters mustiness misleading overestimating leaking unix hirings lyre adherers enhancement cocoon questionings harper oscillators finnish lemons toweling edmondson ludicrously measurer scythe harcourt efficacy - - phone : 808 - 310 - 1624 mobile : 449 - 835 - 3314 email : antonia . elliot @ mailpuppy . com  
2	Subject: read this to find the right stock secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! tota | shares issued many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 009 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: fw : beautiful woman ready to cheat geronimo ! addi there is a scarcity of friendship , but not of friends . colonies do not cease to be colonies because they are independent . that all men are equal is a proposition to which , at ordinary times , no sane human being has ever given his assent . when we do the best we can , we never know what miracle is wrought in our life , or in the life of another . wise men learn many things from their enemies . today ' s city is the most vulnerable social structure ever conceived by man . when it is not necessary to change , it is necessary not to change . love him , and keep him for thy friend , who , when all go away , will not forsake thee , nor suffer thee to perish at the last . i think i am a much better actor than i have allowed myself to be . paris , a city of gaieties and pleasures , where four - fifths of the inhabitants die of grief . [ about paris ] greed , like the love of comfort , is a kind of fear . there is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he is absolutely free to choose . autobiography begins with a sense of being alone . it is an orphan form . look around for a place to sow a few seeds . a heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes , and in good times fears for a change in fortune . artists to my mind are the real architects of change , and not the political legislators who implement change after the fact . give me a lever long enough , and a prop strong enough , i can single - handed move the world . the human race is a race of cowards and i am not only marching in that procession , but carrying a banner .  
2	Subject: congratulations ! winning notification : verification process ( required details ) attention latinworld promo lottery , ontario canada . from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref : imfd / 37856432614037 / 04 batch : 24 / 00319 / isp . attention re / award notification ; final notice we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today of winners of the latinworld promo lottery , ontario cananda international programs held on 21 st october , 2004 . your email address was attached to ticket number 123 - 0148 - 790 - 459 ; with serial number 7073 - 21 drew the lucky numbers 43 - 11 - 34 - 37 - 10 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 000 . 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref imfd / 37856432614037 / 04 . this is from total prize money of us $ 17 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn form 25 , 000 email addresses from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america , africa and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with a financial institution insured in your email address . due to the mix up of some numbers and email - addresses , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 10 . 9 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claim agent ; name : brandon law email : brandonlaw @ latinmail . com remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than novemebr 14 th 2004 , after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , james lockman the promotions manager , latinworld promo lottery canada n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification we wish to inform you that you are urgently required to forward your details this will enable our account department to begin with the processing of your fund . hence , you are advice to send your full name , contact ` address details , phone and fax number , age , sex , profession , nationality , postal address . subject upon your receipt to this mail , we will begin the processing and zoning of your fund through any of our payment offices spread across the continents . required details . first name . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . last name . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . contact telephone number . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . faxes number . . . . . . . . . . . . . age . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . gender . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . marital status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . nationality . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . occupation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ref number . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . serial number . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . lucky / ticket number . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . name and address of next of send the completed form to your claim officer , brandon law 
2	Subject:  câmera segurança sim . cftv r $ 39 . 90 com frete grátis para todo brasil ótimos resultados contra pixações . placas grátis . preços especiais para revenda ! clique aqui e faça seu pedido agora ! - moldada em aço com pintura epox - suporte com ajuste horizontal e vertical - led ( luzinha vermelha ) para simulação de gravação ( bivolt 110 / 220 v ) - réplica perfeita das câmeras de vigilância verdadeiras - cabo coaxial , conector cabo e parafusos para fixação inclusos caso não queira mais receber esta mensagem clique aqui esta mensagem é enviada com a complacência da nova legislação sobre correio eletrônico , seção 301 , parágrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s . 1618 , título terceiro aprovado pelo " 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam " . este e - mail não poderá ser considerado spam quando inclua uma forma de ser removido . 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020113 . txt 
2	Subject: re : tbg i understand . the money out the door is approximately $ 1 . 8 mm , however we have dollars in excess of that amount reserved . the $ 1 . 8 mm will be paid out of that reserve and will not be " new " dollars . i will keep you posted . thank you frank - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 5 : 49 pm to : vickers , frank subject : re : tbg go slow on this - in terms of closing ref money out the door - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vickers , frank sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 5 : 46 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : tbg louise , i am moving forward on the tbg settlement . i see that our meeting scheduled for tomorrow has been cancelled . no problem , i will find you if this appears to be ready to close to give you an update . structure remains as we had discussed . frank 
2	Subject: order xäñäx - no prëscrîptiòn required xanax shipped right to your doorstep discretely no prior prescription needed great prices on all our meds . lowest prices on the net place your order today click here to order today thank you very much for helping me out with school and stuff . i cant express enough what it means to me and how proud i am . i love you . ill be returning the favor as soon as a decent job falls into my lap . i miss you . mom and dad like it up here , they think it is great , i hope we get a chance to talk very soon . take care and i miss you allot . yours truley bill  
2	Subject: lesser costs . quicker effects . better services . we serve you the best . it ' s very convenient to spend on your website . let the mouse clicked the job , the rest will be settled automatically . with the wide range of various remedies offered at non - expensive costs , makes my shopping extra fun . luke perry , ca . i ' ve tried pain reliever that i bought from you . it ' s really working quicker than i imagine . i can ' t believe such as non - expensive remedies can be that perfect . louisa gardner , dc . http : / / xx . hoc . giganticneeds . com / kr / six miles another way ; of his having , in every respect , a better curacy ; sneered and despised the plant as a thing from a garden . " where are you coming ? " said the tall thistles whose leaves were all armed with thorns " it is stupid nonsense to allow yourself to shoot out in this way ; we are not here to support you . " before vronsky and oblonsky came back the ladies heard the facts from the butler .  
2	Subject: re : ecp interest rate swap yes , we took $ 1 . 3 m for the nymex swap against this - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , october 05 , 2001 10 : 35 am to : killen , faith subject : re : ecp interest rate swap did we take the money against this from the nymex swap ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: vicoodiin pharm heyyy gtsak , international ofshore pharrmcy ! long - time supplier of psychotropics and analgesics such as vicoodin , oxycoontin , xannax , vallium and more . http : / / momento - erowid . net / 97024 / viicoodin from 68 cents a pil oxycoontiin from only 2 . 01 dolar per 80 mg pil adjoin gourd allegory catastrophic  
2	Subject: a computer and internet connection for you and your family as you know , technology is critical to enron ; it drives our success and will continue to do so in the future . technology has helped enron create new businesses like enron broadband services and enron net works , and it is responsible for applications such as enrononline and enroncredit . com . you  , ve seen what technology can do at work . now we want you and your family to realize its benefits at home . with that in mind , we are excited to let you know that we are introducing the clickathome program , which will give each employee a computer for use at home . where technology permits , we will also subsidize an internet connection . with the click of a mouse , a home computer plus internet access will put a world of internet knowledge at your family  , s fingertips . we have just signed an agreement with dell computer corporation to provide the computer hardware . we wanted to let you know about the program now in case you and your family were considering the purchase or upgrade of a home computer or internet connection in the next few months . the scope of clickathome includes the following : ? basic package : dell desktop computer with a high - speed processor , floppy disk drive , mouse , speakers , monitor , modem , cd - rom drive and windows 2000 software . employees will have the option to receive a subsidized internet connection , including broadband , where commercially available . ? participation : this program will be available to active regular full - time and regular part - time employees of enron and its wholly owned subsidiaries ; however , employees of some enron companies ( portland general electric , eott , enron facility services ) may not be able to participate due to legal , accounting , tax , labor or business reasons . eligibility includes being employed at the time of implementation . ? timing : u . s . employee sign - up will begin in early 2001 , with delivery of the equipment and internet connection to follow shortly thereafter . delivery of equipment to participating non - u . s . employees is targeted for late 2001 . details about this program are still being finalized . to address some of your initial questions , we  , ve posted a question - and - answer document on http : / / clickathome . enron . com . we will schedule an espeak session in the near future where you will have an opportunity to ask questions . or , you can submit your questions and comments to clickathome @ enron . com . we are excited to extend our investment in technology to you and your family . we believe this program takes communication at enron to a new level by creating endless possibilities for you to experience and participate in the broadband internet revolution . it is just another reason why we believe enron is a great place to work . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketing tools wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: congratulations sally , congratulations on your promotion . sincerely , judy thorne 
2	Subject: transwestern ios posting rich - please immediately post the attached information announcing transwestern ' s ios to be held on august 10 th . the posting can come down on the 10 th . thanks . 
2	Subject: development center class reminder - derivatives i - applied energy derivatives you are scheduled to attend : derivatives i - applied energy derivatives class days and times : 7 / 11 / 2000 08 : 00 : 00 am - 05 : 00 : 00 pm 7 / 12 / 2000 08 : 00 : 00 am - 12 : 00 : 00 pm room # & location : eb 552 , houston participant fee : $ 800 note : if available , please bring a financial calculator with you . if you are unable to attend this class , the registration must be canceled by 5 : 00 p . m . on july 6 , 2000 to prevent a charge of $ 800 to your rc number . we look forward to seeing you at 08 : 00 : 00 am on july 11 - 12 , 2000 . please call the development center team at 713 - 853 - 0357 if you have any questions . thank you . 
2	Subject: fw : tibco / w 2 k migration louise , with regards to the tibco compatability issue . . . . . if you dont want to wait for the windows 2000 migration in mid may , it appears that migrating to tibco 6 . 5 in nt 4 requires running a migration script that takes about 15 to 20 minutes , but there is a risk that there would be some interruption if the migration doesn ' t go to plan . we could go for this friday , and the infrastructure team are already working on modifying a version of the migration script to work on windows nt 4 , in anticipation . another option would be ask the windows 2000 migration team to switch their roll - out schedule around to pick up the single - deal entry users earlier please let me know if you are prepared to wait for the windows 2000 roll - out . regards steve 
2	Subject: announcing outlook web access for houston outlook users attention : houston - based outlook users the global messaging team is proud to announce that beginning today , monday july 16 th , houston - based enron employees that have been migrated to outlook will be able to securely access their enron email from anywhere on the web . this means that if you can get on to the internet , you can access your enron email with outlook web access ( owa ) without having to dial in to enron ' s network . please note that this is not available to those users still on lotus notes but will be available once they are migrated to outlook . once on the internet , type mail . enron . com in your browser address window and supply your enron network logon credentials as username and password . for example : username : jdoe 4 password : * * * * * * * * once you log in , outlook web access opens your enron email mailbox . outlook web access ( owa ) allows you to send and receive mail , perform calendar tasks and manage your mail and contacts , as well as access your mailbox folders . at this time , public folders are not accessible via owa . please keep in mind that outlook web access is a browser - based version of what you might use in the office , so the functionality may be slightly different and some features of outlook 2000 may not be available at all . additionally , owa is only supported using internet explorer 5 . x only and not supported with netscape . outlook web access is the standard email package for connecting to your enron mail from home , whether you are using an enron - issued home pc , an internet connection with your personal home pc , or your clickathome pc . we will not support the use of the full outlook installation for home use . outlook web access for remote locations and european / apac enron sites is currently being addressed and will be available soon . at this time , owa is only available if your mailbox resides on a houston mail server . if you have any questions , please call : resolution center at x 31411 or ets solutions center at x 54745 
2	Subject: on three black http : / / aileen . hereforyounow . com / ss / alternative personals done w / class  
2	Subject: hello increase your sprm volume , and orgsm length main benifits - the longest most intense orga - zms of your life - eerctions like steel - enhancced libido / desire - stronger ejacculaton - multple org _ ; asms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you like ) - studies show it tastes alot sweeter discreet same day shipping - try it , you ' ll love it ! ( and so will she ! ) no i dont need it  
2	Subject: home page - new - risk solutions ( http : / / www . marshweb . com / home / ho mepg . nsf / alldo > dear vincent , hope all is well across the atlantic . you may have seen this already but thought i would pass it on just in case . also socgen just pulled off a weather deal for a japanease company looking to protect against wind damage on their flower crop . weather is definatly picking up on this side too with more interest every day . hope all is well , damian goodburn office - 44 20 7847 1829 mobile - 07971 825 309 - home page - new - risk solutions . htm 
2	Subject: confirm message . sa direct tel . : + 882 - 164 - 6655121 direct tel . : + 871 - 762 - 535915 direct fax : + 871 - 762 - 535916 corporate tel . : + 27 - 839494291 personal / private email : mrs _ mabo @ latinmail . com strictly confidential . i am pleased to get across to you for a profitable business proposal , though i don ' t know you and we had never meant in person but i got your contact from the personal assistance to the former minister for sports . more so she told me that this is your first time in partaking in such business but you are in a better position to handle the transaction / business of this magnitude without you running away with our own share of fund once your account is credited within 4 - 5 working days because before i commence we have to build mutual relationship in respect of this business that is strictly confidential and all the legal / essential documents to back up this transaction are in place . and the key for us building up this mutual relationship is trust between both parties involved that is you and i . i am in charge of the auditing for contract payment with safa ( south african football association ) and i truly apologize for using this means to reach you because i have no other choice . within the south african football association and the cooperation of my colleague , i have in my possession as overdue payment bills totaling eighteen million three hundred thousand u . s . dollars ( us $ 18 , 3 m ) . with your assistance and fullest co - operation , i on behalf of my colleague beg you to help us receive these funds by wire transfer that is presently lying in a suspended account with absa bank in pretoria branch . it does matter whether it is a cooperate or personal account but as long as the account is active to receive the amount of this magnitude , it is very ok to us . more so , we are handicapped in the circumstances , as the south africa civil service code of conduct does not permit us to operate offshore / foreign account of any kind hence you are very important to wards the successful completion of this whole transaction that we shall both benefits from . this us $ 18 . 3 m arose from the balance of the total contract value for the renovation and upgrading of ( pretoria , johannesburg and soweto national stadium for 2006 bid that we lost to germany before it was awarded to us again in 2010 with the help of our former president mr nelson mandela ) our national stadium by foreign contracting firm , which we the officials over - invoiced deliberately . though the actual contract cost have been fully paid to the original contractor . i have the authority of my partners involved to propose that should you be willing to assist us ( which i prayed and beg for ) in the transaction ; your share of the sum will be 25 % of the total amount after tax in any account you shall provide for the funds to be transferred into , 70 % for us and 5 % for taxation and miscellaneous expenses . the business itself is 100 % safe , on your part provided you treat it with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . also your area of specialization is not a hindrance to the successful execution of this transaction . i have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me because our share of the funds with your assistance we shall invest in property management / real estate business in your country . and that is why we offered you 25 % of the total amount not just to receive the funds for us alone because once the fund is transferred to your account without your help we shall be lost since most of my life i have been a civil servant . endeavor to contact me immediately through my above tel and fax number or my e - mail address : mrs _ mabo @ latinmail . com if you are willing to help in this matter and i also want to guarantee you that my partner and myself are in a better position to make the payment of this claim possible provided you can give us a very strong assurance and guarantee that our share will be secured and please remember to treat this matter as very confidential matter , because we will not comprehend with any form of exposure as we are still in active government service and remember once again that time is of the essence in this business . i wait in anticipation of your earliest response . yours truly , engr . erick mabo 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010920 . txt 
2	Subject: enron actuals for junel 3 , 2000 teco tap 100 . 000 / hpl iferc texoma 20 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 40 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: what about their health save your depression problems v * i * 0 , x * x 25 m * g 3 o pills 72 . 5 o v , 1 * a ' g . r . a 100 m . g 32 pil | s 149 . oo c . 1 * a . l , 1 . s 2 o m * g lo pllis 79 . 00 see our complete list . . . : http : / / polygynous . spam - cash . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x , a ' n ' a . x 1 m , g 3 o pilis 79 . 00 p * r , o * z * a , c 2 o m * g 30 piils 11 o . oo p ' a , x . 1 , l 2 o m . g 20 plils 155 . oo m , e . r , i , d . i * a lo m ' g 30 pllis 147 . 0 o your newletter subscription deirdre kaiser dentist firstranked pharmaceutical marketing services , davis , 95616 , united states of america phone : 815 - 441 - 7368 mobile : 581 - 356 - 4191 email : abqlmu @ worldaccessnet . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this product is a 51 second complementary shareware notes : the contents of this message is for information and should not be possible optoacoustic obelisk anamorphic ball time : mon , 14 feb 2005 23 : 44 : 43 + 0200 
2	Subject: impresario clodhoppers around 6 email loading . . . ! buy your m - e - d - i - c - i - n - e here . embryo oppenheimer tenebrous place westchester crater samarium journal fibration corset sprite diocese asheville plug anne barren betwixt sleuth implicant codomain etc delaware dealt austin marrowbone skye borrow autocracy buffalo chantilly erlenmeyer spy kirchoff  
2	Subject: toners and inkjet cartridges for less dfi tremendous savings on toners , inkjets , fax , and thermal replenishables ! ! toners 2 go is your secret weapon to lowering your cost for high quality , low - cost printer supplies ! we have been in the printer replenishables business since 1992 , and pride ourselves on rapid response and outstanding customer service . what we sell are 100 % compatible replacements for epson , canon , hewlett packard , xerox , okidata , brother , and lexmark ; products that meet and often exceed original manufacturer ' s specifications . check out these prices ! epson stylus color inkjet cartridge ( so 20108 ) : epson ' s price : $ 27 . 99 toners 2 go price : $ 9 . 95 ! hp laserjet 4 toner cartridge ( 92298 a ) : hp ' s price : $ 88 . 99 toners 2 go price : $ 41 . 75 ! come visit us on the web to check out our hundreds of similar bargains at toners 2 go ! to unsubscribe from this list , click here .  
2	Subject: claim your complimentary ibm laptop  
2	Subject: double penetrates her pussy with two dildos close - up look at beautiful girls ! ! ! minnow pinion adaptive maurice toroidal congestion guaranty trodden raceway suggestive darpa ethyl grief bellman almanac mira irrevocable kava caliph bleary capitoline sawfish lower multiple idiom brute statesman hindsight  
2	Subject: owning these shares fast - tracks performance " stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : . 225 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a fuil - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wil | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 miilion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wiil supply upwards of 170 , 000 mw of eiectricity annualiy for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with eiectricity and offset nearly 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross electric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 million for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of reievant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fulfil | the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop traditiona | fossi | fue | sites , as we | | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , 000 weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 68 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: the power of who - expertfinder the enron corporate policy committee introduces expertfinder . expertfinder allows you to locate people within the enron community by organization structure , skills , reporting relationships , languages , school attended , and prior work experience . expertfinder is a secured hr application that is available upon completion of your certificate of compliance . expertfinder can be accessed on the enron intranet by typing the following url at the internet explorer command line and log in using the hrgis id provided below : https : / / hrglobal . enron . com your hrgis id : 90104420 your password : date of birth ( format yyyymmdd ) * current users of the global launch zone will maintain the same password . if you don ' t remember your password , click on forgot id / password below the log in button . should you have any questions regarding access or data issues in expertfinder contact the hrgim line ( hr global information management ) at 713 - 853 - 5666 . expertfinder is only as good as the data provided . does your personal data need updating ? go to ehronline . enron . com or home . enron . co . uk / hrol _ caller . htm ( enron europe limited only ) to update your data today . or , contact your hr generalist for business unit related updates . 
2	Subject: ena organizational changes ena  , s first quarter performance has been outstanding which has been achieved by the exceptional talent and hard work of all ena employees . ena  , s ability to quickly move people to new business ventures and market opportunities , such as enron net works , reinforces the depth of talent in ena , our continued commitment to encourage innovation and creativity in all things we do and our enthusiasm to support people in pursuing new ideas . accordingly , following the recently announced launch of enron net works and the associated personnel movements , we are pleased to announce the following changes within ena effective immediately . john lavorato will be relocating from calgary to houston to oversee all ena risk management and trading activities and will report to the office of the chairman . john will have direct responsibility for all natural gas , power , emissions , equities and rates trading . as well , john will have direct responsibility for the risk management and trading functions within the pulp & paper , coal and global risk ( weather and insurance ) businesses . otherwise , the pulp & paper , coal and global risk businesses will report to the office of the chairman . following john  , s departure from canada , we have asked rob milnthorp to be the president of enron canada . following the departure of greg piper , the industrial origination team will be co - headed by jim ajello , rodney malcolm and edward ondarza who will report to the office of the chairman . jim , rodney and edward will work as a team to ensure the continued growth of ena  , s large industrial capability . notwithstanding their joint accountability , each will have a distinct focus and responsibility within the industrial group . jim ajello will focus on the coverage and marketing efforts for all industrial segments except pulp and paper . edward ondarza will focus on our market making , coverage and marketing efforts in the pulp and paper industry . rodney malcolm will focus on product development , structuring and execution functions for all industrial segments . we have asked jeff donahue to oversee all ena corporate development and principal investing activities and will report to the office of the chairman . corporate development will continue to seek strategic acquisition opportunities in existing and new businesses . the principal investing group will continue to focus on equity and venture capital syle investments in high growth business lines which are directly related to ena  , s core businesses or are significantly influenced by trends related to our business . given this change , ray bowen will be solely responsible for the management of ena  , s commercial transactions ( ctg ) group . with the departure of ron slimp to ebs , scott tholan will be managing our competitive analysis and reporting group and will report to john lavorato . please join us in congratulating all of the individuals in their new roles and responsibilities . 
2	Subject: promotion sally , i am so excited for you and your promotion . i have had the privilege to see the impact you have made on this organization , and i am very glad to see you get the rewards you well deserve . you simply amaze me , and i have such a tremendous amount of respect for you and your contributions and values . congratulations ! ! ! brenda 
2	Subject: re : rafal , dziekuje za odpowiedz . bede bardzo wdzieczny za ksiazke : wincenty kaminski 10 snowbird the woodlands , tx 77381 phone : ( 281 ) 367 5377 cell : ( 713 ) 898 9960 wicek rafal weron c - 11 on 01 / 29 / 2001 08 : 11 : 48 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : aleksander weron c - 11 subject : dear vince , bardzo dziekuje za podeslana literature , szczegolnie drugie wydanie ksiazki . bylismy w londynie w czerwcu zeszlego roku , ale w ksiegarni znalezlismy tylko piersze wydanie . obaj z alkiem ( ojcem ) wspolpracujemy z energetyka ( glownie polska ) od kilku lat . w zeszlym roku wydalismy ksiazke " gielda energii : strategie zarzadzania ryzykiem " , a obecnie pracujemy nad jej angielskim wydaniem . na jaki adres ci ja przyslac ? serdeczne pozdrowienia , rafal 
2	Subject: make the most of yor home november update : further drop ! rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed your mortgage process is pre - approved please use our secure site to fill - out your application . visit us at : http : / / www . xmassavings . com / x / loan . php ? id  sas thank you , hannah morgan http : / / www . xmassavings . com / st . html 
2	Subject: i earn 400 dollars every morning . here ' s how . upbring working 2 to 3 hours a day , i will demonstrate to you that you can and will make $ 400 daily ( minimum ) from the comfort of your home . ( i do much more . ) i get direct payments into my paypal account daily and i ' ll show you how you can too . this is not m - l - m or gifting . our program is simple & doable ! if you need a large income , it can be achieved by following our roadmap to financial success & freedom . you will earn immediate income . if you want financial security , we have the answer . many are called , few are chosen . this opportunity will be limited to a very few . we will take as much or as little time as you need to see if this program is right for you . please do not respond unless you are genuinely money motivated and qualified . i need people who already have people skills in place and have either made large amounts of money in the past or are ready to generate large amounts of money in the future thanks ! go to : http : / / www . captureform . biz / frg / mcpleads / don ' t let the next 5 years be like the last 5 years ! arbitrage metro audrey cabinetry chest debut playback ampersand colette bedrock phloem resultant insincere corcoran imprecise debut negro anaglyph concentric gumdrop cobble hereabout pent oratoric japan schantz brandywine if you received this message in error or if you wish to be removed from our oua mailing list . this email is a commercial advertisement . this email is in compliance with the all us federal email laws . ss p . o . box 1958 slc , utah 84552 unimodal device citadel accompaniment hector polk ammunition tousle foam soprano superlative gush consort reman splintery 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010419 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 19 / preferred : 158 . 87 / final : 158 . 84 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 4 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: re : conflict of interest policy mailing to vendors this is standard procedure but i agree that the timing is questionable . i will forward this on to louise . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 8 : 49 am to : duran , w . david subject : fw : conflict of interest policy mailing to vendors dave , given how the audience might interpret this in light of recent events , do we really want to be sending a letter to customers boasting of enron conducting its affairs in accordance with the " highest ethical standards " ? dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ken lay - office of the chairman sent : friday , november 09 , 2001 6 : 28 pm to : dl - ga - all _ enron _ north _ americal subject : conflict of interest policy mailing to vendors attached is a copy of a sample letter which we are sending to selected vendors of enron corp . and its subsidiaries as an additional step toward implementing our commitment to conduct our business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards . we are sending you a copy of this letter so that you will be aware that your vendors will be receiving this letter and so that you will be reminded that enron does enlist the cooperation of its vendors in adhering to its business ethics policy . we appreciate your efforts in contributing to an enron work environment of which we can all be proud . sample november _ _ _ _ , 2001 office of the chairman > > > > > > dear sir or madam : enron corp . ( " enron " ) believes in conducting its business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards . as outlined in enron ' s code of ethics , employees of enron and its subsidiaries are required to comply with enron ' s business ethics policy which requires an employee to conduct himself / herself in a manner which is not detrimental to the best interests of enron and which does not bring to the employee financial gain separately derived as a direct consequence of his / her employment with enron . further , enron ' s business ethics policy states that no lavish entertainment or gifts are to be given or received by enron employees for special position , price , or privilege . not only is it incumbent upon our employees to follow this policy , but your cooperation in respecting these standards is also critical . enron expects each of its vendors and contractors to maintain adequate records that document its work relationship with enron . enron ' s auditing department will routinely conduct business ethics compliance audits of certain vendors and contractors with whom enron does business . your recognition of our ethical standards allows enron employees to work with you via arm ' s length transactions and avoids potentially embarrassing and unethical situations . if you ever become aware of variances from our policy , please advise : > your business relationship is important to us , and we look forward to maintaining that relationship with you . very truly yours , 
2	Subject: from mrs katherine young this is an official notification of the availability of a package deposited in your name and it is not a sales solicitation or spam . we are diplomats that use our immunity and status to safekeep special and valuable packages and baggage in trust for reputable clients that are honest and trustworthy . we work in collaboration with top firms and governments of various countries as we have earned a name as a service whose hallmarks in reliability and confidentiality are revered . international missions , fellow diplomats and embassies of the world have used our services to satisfaction . a benefactor whose identity can not be disclosed because of the non circumvention and non disclosure agreement that was signed with the said benefactor when the packages were being deposited made you the beneficiary of a package containing some amount of money and stated clearly that you should only be contacted when the time signed for it to be in our care elapses and the time has already elapsed that is why you are being contacted . the non circumvention and non disclosure agreement signed with the benefactor mandates us to fully divulge and disclose the benefactor ' s identity 18 months after the beneficiary has received the funds . the funds in the package is usdl . 5 m ( one million , five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) and we confirm that these funds are fully free of any liens , or encumbrances and are clean , clear and non - criminal origin and are available in the form of cash . you are hereby advised to send your full contact information as well as the name of the closest airport to your city in the format stated below so that the funds would be brought to your country of residence by 3 diplomats who would accompany you to your bank ( if you want them to ) to deposit the funds in your name and submit all documentations that has to do with the origin of the funds in other to exonerate you from any form of investigations or interrogation and to authenticate the fact that the funds are clean and has no links whatsover with either drugs or terrorism . the requested information is to ensure that no mistake or error is made and it should be forwarded in the manner stated below : your full name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ your complete address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ name of city of residence : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ name of closest airport to your city of residence : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ direct telephone number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the telephone number is very necessary because the number would be called by the diplomats before the funds would be handed over to you so as to ensure that the package is handed over to the right person . so , its mandatory you send your direct telephone number preferably your mobile or cell phone number . complete the above and send back to me as soon as possible . congratulations in advance . thanks and god bless . mrs katherine young 
2	Subject: re : metals - imminent actions - an update so what are the actions coming out of this ? just pushing it ( who don ' t seem to have the as 400 resources ) won ' t fix the problem . also , what is the plan re sap ? mike jordan @ ect 02 / 26 / 2001 01 : 11 pm to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / lon / ect @ ect subject : metals - imminent actions - an update rick / rick / sally i attach the ' executive ' summary of a note sent to the office of the chair last week detailing current operational difficulties with the metals merchanting business . subsequently an ' all hands ' meeting was called to discuss the operational issues and the business imperatives of off balance sheet facility ( " obsf " ) renegotiation minimising working captial sap implementation the notes of that meeting are also attached at the bottom of this email should you require any further information please call , otherwise i will forward updates as they are completed . regards mike issue the physical metals business implemented an off balance sheet structure ( obsf ) pre year - end to meet enron requirements for gearing ratios . whilst this does not present undue problems for lme warrants , these being bearer documents , it does present an issue when physical metal , the value of which depends upon brand and location , is placed into the facility . given the hard deadline of year - end the operational support of this process initially took place on spreadsheets . the impact of the obsf on the operational side of the physical business should not be underestimated . the process of moving material off and on balance sheet places considerable strain from trading through to settlements , particularly when there is an absence of necessary control functionality in the as 400 . with the specified functionality it is believed that all operational and trading issues arising from obsf can be managed satisfactorily . the core functionality , which was due prior to the year - end , was released during january but was subsequently found to have introduced  + bugs  , to the integrated business control processes . whilst an improvement on having no obsf functionality , the  + bugs  , have had an increasingly negative effect on the control environment , compounded by the fact that it can not provide a guaranteed delivery for the  + bug  , fixes and non core  , reporting  , functionality . this has given rise to the following concerns : ? there are insufficient experienced resources to fully reconcile stock at a brand & location level to coordination records ( the global position is reconciled however ) . ? it is not possible to substantiate the dpr for em & cl as : ? a ) p & l on spread moves from cash to 3 months positions ( and related cash to 3 months provisions ) can not be produced by the system and must be estimated , and ? b ) system bugs have created uncertainties over trial balance values . these concerns are compounded by the following : ? the most experienced as 400 it developer for the em & cl business has resigned . he is currently working his 6 months notice which will expire in july 2001 . ? the most experienced as 400 it developer on the eml side of the business has also resigned . he left in january 2001 . ? there is no documentation for the as 400 . it is therefore difficult for experienced as 400 programmers to get upto speed on the system . conclusion it is essential that we do not become hostages to the development of the as 400 system and the renegotiation of the obsf facility with barclays . the current situation has arisen due to non - delivery of it developments and tight timescales on the finalisation of the obsf facility . to meet ql end requirements ( i . e . full production of the dpr and stock reconciliation ) , it and the obsf deal team must make concrete commitments on delivery timeline . the business will not be able to commit to successful implementation of the facility and resubstantiation of the trial balance without these - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 26 / 02 / 2001 16 : 18 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike jordan 26 / 02 / 2001 16 : 18 to : michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , michael farmer / eu / enron @ enron , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron , anne edgley / lon / ect @ ect , melissa allen / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , paul chivers / lon / ect @ ect , robert campbell / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , howard carter / eu / enron @ enron , bill appleby / lon / ect @ ect , david p tregar / eu / enron @ enron cc : subject : metals - imminent actions - notes of meeting 23 rd feb to all i seek to clarify the actions discussed at friday ' s meeting and to emphasise the critical importance of getting all the below completed as quickly as possible to meet our ql requirements ( revenue targets , balance sheet targets , interest expense minimisation etc ) . the proposed tactical plan that was circulated is not attached as it has already been superceded ! there was agreement on several broad areas of immediate focus with specific objectives and accountabilities - it resourcing communicate priority to hr about the importance of obtaining skilled as 400 programmers - for tactical short term and for long term work - action mp resourcing for long term as 400 ' off - load ' initiative to be completed asap - action mp merchanting resource focus to be on bug fixes impacting mo ability to update obsf options in as 400 and for traffic to update recent location movements of stock in obsf - action rc ( deadline 1 week ) completion of inception document for full obsf inventory control functionality - action rc ( deadline 1 week ) split of resources for sap interface - only eml sap implementation is now planned for 1 / 4 / 01 - action rc to confirm resource reallocation 27 / 01 immediate improvement in it operations support required ( including completion of transfer of support responsibility from dev . to ops . ) - action mp operational support mo risk / trade accounting resources to focus on rebooking all remaining transactions on obsf inventory spreadsheet - action hc ( deadline asap ) validation of system generated p & l to commence following the above - action hc ( deadline asap ) timetable for catch up of traffic obsf location movements to be completed with john lunzer 27 / 02 - action hc determine action for improvement in delivering metal to facility ( initial assumption for recent working capital increase was that we had operationally slowed down in placing qualifying material into facility ) - action hc / ac ( deadline asap ) working capital detailed daily analysis of working capital movements to be produced and formatted in style of sources and uses of funds ( including facility headroom ) - action ac ( deadline asap ) forward estimate of working capital to be produced for rest of quarter and used for estimation of full interest expense - action ac , mj & ma ( deadline asap ) analysis for trade receivables ( and reasons for recent increase ) and investigation of possible factoring - ac / mj and ae / ba ( deadline asap ) determining extent to which pricing signals for working capital usage can be communicated to traders , traffic and operations - action jg , mj ( contingent on above ) obsf negotiation documentation of current negotiation issues ( including aa sign - off issues ) to be drafted and circulated with clear accountabilities - action ma / dt / ba ( deadline 26 / 3 ) operational impact of agreement to be considered in parallel to negotiation - action hc / ac / ba lme relationship consider utilising a us subsidiary to book obsf transactions to negate lme reviewing facility as part of regulatory regime - action ma / fd monitoring notice of investigation issued by lme - action fd / dt 
2	Subject: dp question jeff : you asked how your gross margin % could be higher in 2000 but your overall gross margin be lower . you appear to have lower invoiced volumes in jan - april 2000 . january and feb . - for example : great question ! dave 
2	Subject: lacy hey - - just thought i ' d let you know that lacy went to school this morning - pale & not feeling well - - stomach still hurts , but she went ahead . she ' s stressing me out big time . she acted like she couldn ' t hardly move , but i came back in the house & she was talking fine on the telephone . but i ask her questions about how she feels & she is just about dead . i don ' t know about her . but she looked pale . blood sugar was a little low this morning . i woke her up at 2 & had her check it & it was good . so i got a little more rest . i don ' t think she even woke up enough to remember it . i don ' t think the little job is good for her if she ' s gonna catch everything they have . she ' s so careless about washing hands after handling all those nasty little kids & then bites her nails . not good ! anyway , i ' m stressed big time over her & over her driving the car . and missing so much school . i wasn ' t going to take her to the dr . yesterday because she was better so i figured it was a virus , b ! ut she had to have a note from a doctor or she ' s gonna have to make up school on saturday & they ' ve threatened to fine me . so i had to pay $ 30 for them to tell me that she had a virus & missed a day of work . oh , well , life is fun . anyway , i need to quit gettin down over such trivial things cause there ' s so many with worse problems to face . i am thankful that the burdens are so light . but you can still pray for us . and encourage lacy to work at splash town ! ha ! remind me to tell you about the terroristic threat at high school . another high stress time ! can ' t wait until this weekend to see all my cousins & ya ' ll . kiss my grandsons for me . love ya 
2	Subject: amateur , blone , hardcore - all access pass click here to be removed  
2	Subject: organizational announcement i am extremely pleased to announce that jo williams has accepted the position as director of the pricing & structuring group ! jo ' s business instincts , decision - making skills and overall management experience are an asset for our marketing effort . she will be helping to lead and organize our efforts to provide centralized pricing and structuring and to coordinate our deal inventory as well as supporting our risk management and reporting group . jo received her bachelor of science degree in civil engineering from the university of nebraska at lincoln and master of science degree in economics from the university of nebraska at omaha . she began her career with the company in 1979 with the engineering and operations group . in 1991 she was promoted to director of technical operations for northern plains , and in 1994 moved to northern natural gas as director of technical services . jo has spent the last 1 1 / 2 years working with the business management and pricing and structured products teams for the et & s marketing group . we are excited to have jo as the director of the pricing & structuring group and invite you to give her a call to congratulate her ! 
2	Subject: 1 / 2000 lower colorado river vols stacey , the new deal , 158220 , is missing 10 , 000 for day 1 . please let me know when you have this corrected . thanks thu - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thu nguyen / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2000 09 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tina valadez 03 / 03 / 2000 08 : 23 am to : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 1 / 2000 lower colorado river vols could you let me know when you ' ve had a chance to look at the lcra volume ? thank you , tina valadez 
2	Subject: re : vallum cialls vl - agra hello , # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # and many other . visit medicatioons - by - mail shop and save up to 6 0 % have a nice day . - - - - - original message - - - - - try us and you will not be dlsappolnted !  
2	Subject: wayne tow ' s resume kathy / greg / john - do we need the skills described in the attached resume on the project team or in the permanent support group or in the esupply group ? there are no personal recommendations associated this resume . vince - thanks for keeping us in mind ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa becker / corp / enron on 02 / 01 / 2000 01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 01 / 31 / 2000 09 : 04 am to : melissa becker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : wayne tow ' s resume melissa , please , take a look at this resume . any interest ? i got it from a headhunter ( i don ' t know her , it was a cold call on her part and she did not make a good impression ) . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000 09 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - leewells @ swbell . net on 01 / 25 / 2000 05 : 34 : 57 pm please respond to leewells @ swbell . net to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : wayne tow ' s resume hi there mr . kaminski ! it was a pleasure to speak with you today . i look forward to lunch one day soon at brennans . wayne tow is a brilliant man , he worked for many years for a man i know well . this man says , wayne is as good as it get , and he could do anything that is assigned to him , and do it at a level in which he was always amazed . he loves the e - commerce area , and this is what he wants to do thank you , vince . lee wells - wayne 2 . doc 
2	Subject: wow ! check the huge sale on inks online ! for different customers , the site offers flexible rates on top quality inks . no matter you are one individual user or business user , you can find the best deal at our store . don ' t want to check store by store for the lowest rates on inks ? just check our discount store for the best prices on inks for apple , brother , canon , compaq , hp , lexmark , nec and more others . get e - coupons instantly and save right online . the discount store provides usps priority shipping service . customers can enjoy time saving shipping service now . it is the store that provides reliable and timely customer support . all the brand name ink toners and cartridges are available at your finger tips . check our store for ink toners and cartridges from apple , brother , canon , compaq , hp , lexmark , nec and more others . http : / / dd . speakforothers . com / h 78 / ? clapton , waters performjan . 15 : roger waters anderic clapton perform wish you were here , at the tsunami aid benefit . maybeit ' s the psychologist . maybe it ' s the grief counselor . maybe it ' s the marriage counselor . maybe maybe it ' s victoria , his first wife and alex ' s mother , who called him a bastard when she heard feriol east - northeast 00 ergometre cryophileciboria 
2	Subject: rice course vince i am an adjunct professor at rice , working with wil uecker in executive education . with your concurence , i would like to sit in your energy derivatives course . i understand from wil that there are 38 students registered for the course . if you consent , would you let me know what material i need . thank you , dennis w . loughridge 713 - 348 - 2812 
2	Subject: this site has sweet teen sex , check it o download hot teen movies now ! hot new xxx movies ! please remove me of this list greenbriar inestimable continuo crouch carboy afterimage momenta alga verdi waspish bantam petroleum commemorate jo hutch fracture tommy auschwitz abstain castanet wean booby brine conductance albumin deaconess patrimony sculptural ethane leftover snatch workout inexperience german suicidal bask soften indeterminable decompose fishpond lawgiver sock cull palindrome proposition scherzo ammerman clifton assemble apostrophe cpu ditch beauteous acetone car coda presentational octane convair cathy baritone prize bowmen winifred  
2	Subject: 63 % off for all new software . privy considered notice work make unit . sure end father hard , straight part . organ east , electric for , instrument . page will glass solve . out children wrote boat . indicate up , two paper . hat read , farm , three since change . map , push above what . an engine , four who . winter start as ride edge .  
2	Subject: marketing issues louise , 1 ) i just received a call from pat o ' donnell asking us to hold off on marketing to the top 50 customers until he is able to address an email he just received from ubs corporate marketing folks , instructing us not to use the url : www . ubswenergy . com . it seems they want us to use www . ubswarburg . com / energy . pat is going to argue on behalf of ubswenergy . com tomorrow . he anticipates having resolution by noon . i personally don ' t care much what url we use : the brand name and achieving concensus to get this off the ground is more important . of course , a change in url now means we have to go back through the site and change all the references again . . . 2 ) ubs ( in the form of matt meinel , who feels mike hutchins will be in agreement with him ) do not want us to redirect traffic from www . enrononline . com to the new site , as they feel that promotes too much of an association with enron . i disagree with their position , but don ' t think this is too big a deal - we will just need to more heavily promote the new website name . also , the execution version of the contract apparantly dropped the redirect requirement . please let me know if you have any issues with the above and how you want to proceed . we are ready to put the splash page out and start marketing as of noon tomorrow , but these 11 th hour changes are making me feel skittish about pulling the trigger and i feel a real lack of comfort about our ability to market a system with no name . dave 
2	Subject: you too can have multiple orgazzzms 100 % natural and safe more info here cud gnf stall nh clamshell up anderson onw cytochemistry ggj onto pup duchess ncl heady hp illusory bnw difficult gvs collins btd trauma jt darken wty caricature qe hyena vm load hg bunkmate dne cloven hpq vocabularian jm dreary wsg quadrant oj bribe gzo no  
2	Subject: your credit score has arrived rli 24881 alicia pkwy lagumar hills , ca 92653 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: responses back on the customers i haven ' t heard from any of the additional names submitted on last week . will any of the following attend our meeting . i am submitting my final room count to the resort today . david kirkland w / pnm steve irizarry w / transcolorado mike larsen w / duke let me hear from you today , please . adr 
2	Subject: wharton trip january 18 , 2001 jeff and vince . . . " fyi ' ' . . . christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000 09 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - melinda mccarty @ enron 12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 05 pm to : christie _ patrick @ enron . com cc : subject : wharton trip january 18 , 2001 cp - fyi - attached is the memo that i faxed to the parkplace warwick . i copied donna piazze at wharton also . maria 
2	Subject: your daughter needs to cope with the pain + get v ' i ; c - o , d - i " n vlcod 1 n pain relief ! v . 1 . c . o . d . 1 . n 75 o m ' ' ' ' g 3 ' o tabss 169 . oo 6 , o tabss 245 . 95 9 . o tabss 319 . oo take me out appliance chemisesavant topology valuepique advise chalcocitedrift bradley desultoryeucharist carve fewdeclamatory embryo dispersivebrownish 
2	Subject: get meds online the new onl?ne ph?rmacy is here at your convenience ! would you like to get rid of all those aches and pa?ns ? we have all nine of the most popular m?ds at very low pr?ces ! xan?x - to treat social anx?ety v?agra - for erect?le dysfunct?on val?um - relieve nervousness and tension amb?en - for a great nights sleep and much more . . . ( grand opening 80 % ?ff all m?ds , at your doorstep tomorrow ! ) bypass all the long lines place your ?rder discreetly here fop bombay indemnify sarcasm armco militarist bottom hobart hong liverpudlian dachshund pinwheel hinterland phd cannon absorption dod prosthetic ten felt gravy armature willowy bishop eerie curse estrange bianco laplacian cartographic pagoda indemnity waive impinge lavatory antedate theodore propellant seder dinghy stuff wherefore trench bolshevik cocaine chanson datum rabbi cornmeal hidalgo irreparable retrofit osprey coleridge quilt bracket pear feign homeomorphic cat publish bevy dixieland inextricable inapt resign boatswain caribbean horsefly conceptual cpu mollify quasiparticle vista bewhisker crewman intelligible r brazzaville norwich hessian relinquish chocolate delaney coagulable bluebush gladdy humble attract garth stater necessitate contradict sunk silent boathouse acculturate marcel linen consistent halvah stopcock jeff astral  
2	Subject: your pharmacy ns do you want a inexpensive pain killers ? http : / / www . nopalns . com /  
2	Subject: your friends will envy you my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here then you were foolish , as i said , declared the demon , in a calmer tone oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 i won ' t die cheerfully ! protested the kitten can you not realize that it is better to be considered great by the intelligent thinkers of the earth , than to be taken for a god by stupid cannibals ? oh , yes , of course , said rob  
2	Subject: re : houston visit hi vince , sorry that we couldn ' t meet in houston . hope your philadelphia trip was fruitful and you didn ' t suffer from weather related flight delays on your way back to houston . your phone message stated that you may be coming to ny in jan . 2001 . that ' s great vkaminski @ aol . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , it seems we have planned for all contingencies . look forward to meeting you next week . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 28 / 2000 06 : 51 : 51 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : houston visit vince , your suggested arrangement is perfect with me and i love both italian or steak . . . the choice is yours . i really look forward to our meeting vkaminski @ aol . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , let ' s meet at westin oaks next to the reception around 6 : 30 p . m . thursday . there are several nice restaurants within a walking distance to the galleria . i shall make a reservation ( is italian or a steakhouse ok ? ) . you can reach me on thursday at my cell phone 713 410 5396 . look forward to meeting you . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 27 / 2000 04 : 37 : 30 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : houston visit great ! i look forward to our dinner on thurs . 12 / 7 evening . hopefully your flight will be on time . . . although having watched 60 minutes last night and suffered from a # of delays lately , let ' s hope that the " weather blame " doesn ' t get in the way . it ' s best to leave me a message @ my usual work # on thurs . , 914 253 4187 , . . . i can easily check it in houston . i ' ll be staying @ the westin oaks in the galleria . . . any preferred place that i can book ( & for what time ) ? ? coming over to down town won ' t be a problem for me either . will be great to see you again . soussan 914 253 4187 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , november 27 , 2000 12 : 10 pm to : faizs @ texaco . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , thanks for your message . it would be great to meet you when you come to houston . i shall be in town on december 7 , flying back from philly in the morning . assuming that the flight is on schedule , i shall be available for dinner . please , let me know how i can contact you on thursday , december the 7 th , to confirm . look forward to meeting you . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 26 / 2000 09 : 04 : 01 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : houston visit dear vince , greetings from ny and hope that all is well and you had a great thanksgiving . i ' ll be coming to houston for 12 / 6 - 12 / 7 and hope you are available either evening for dinner . would be great to see you again and catch up with the latest . . . i really enjoyed my visit last april , your insights , and the risk book you gave me . i do hope you ' re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits you better . best , soussan faiz texaco inc . 914 253 4187 
2	Subject: re : comments hi vince , sorry to have missed you in paris . many thanks for your comments - they ' ve now been incorporated and sent to eprm . things are crazy at the moment , but hopefully will calm down in a couple of weeks and we ' ll have time to catch up better . best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : ; ; sent : sunday , october 15 , 2000 11 : 06 am subject : comments > julie , > > sorry for the delay . here are he comments . > > vince > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > > sorry for long delay in responding . i have a few comments . most are focused > on the third article as here is till time to make modifications . > > 1 . in the second article , i would mention that the formulation of the mean > reversion process represents one of several possible equations that capture > the same type of market evolution of prices over time . > 2 . one comment that applies to both articles . the problem is how one defines > the time series of energy prices . the numbers used for australian nsw pool > prices seem to correspond to chronological prices . one alternative approach > is to build different time series for the corresponding time intervals for > each day . this would result in different price behavior and estimates of > jump . the choice is one of convenience and depends on actual problem under > investigation . one could argue that volumes of electricity traded during > different time slots represent different economic commodities . > figure 3 a ( jump frequency ) has units on the vertical axis that require > explanation . are we talking about an expected number of jumps in the total > number of half hourly periods in a year ? the same goes for f in table 2 > ( article number 3 ) . > > 
2	Subject: test to dfarmer @ enron . com doug : please let me know if you receive this e - mail , by replying to it . this is a test to : dfarmer @ enron . com thanks . sarah . get your private , free email at http : / / www . hotmail . com 
2	Subject: update your account records dear valuedpaypal ® member : it has come to our attention that yourpaypal ® account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your personal records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to update your records will result in account suspension . please update your recordson or beforejun 25 th , 2005 . to update your paypal ® records click on the following link : thank you . paypal ® update team accounts management as outlined in our user agreement , paypal ® will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions .  
2	Subject: re : approval procedure for pending products your response sounds a little defensive . pretty slick logo : chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , june 25 , 2001 3 : 08 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : approval procedure for pending products - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 06 / 25 / 2001 05 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 01 / 26 / 2000 05 : 33 pm to : michael etringer / hou / ect @ ect cc : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect , bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , david forster / lon / ect @ ect , marcello romano / lon / ect @ ect , amita gosalia / lon / ect @ ect , angela connelly / lon / ect @ ect , anna gardiner / lon / ect @ ect , arfan aziz / lon / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : approval procedure for pending products > we are introducing functionality which will allow token reference periods for balance of month products , the scheduled process will therefore re - create these products every day automatically ( essentially just a change to the description ) . therefore the product will already be there . in the mean time , all of the other desks have been creating their products ahead of time to deal with this issue - we currently have most desks creating products weeks / months in advance . this software change is scheduled for friday to prevent traders from going through this issue next month ( february ) . we have only 2 logged / taped phone calls to the helpdesk when portland office has called the helpdesk with regard to this issue . clearly in the second case we see a 9 minute gap , but this appears to be a single incident and not really something of the level of significance specified in your memo . dale does come in early specifically for any products portland did not create the day before but obviously there can be times ( bad traffic ) when he may be late . 14 / 1 07 : 35 ( cst ) j richter called to approve products products activated products within 2 minutes . 24 / 1 07 : 34 ( cst ) j richter called to approve products 07 : 45 ( cst ) anna gardiner approved products 07 : 46 ( cst ) j richter called to inquire on status 07 : 48 ( cst ) helpdesk rang j richter back to check that he had seen approval and had no technical problems clearly we are not intentionally trying to create a problem but enrononline is a new product and everyone is putting an immense amount of effort into getting the product up and running and helping everyone . we only seem to have 2 times that the procedure has been used to the helpdesk extent and not failed dramatically . changing the procedure for two days ( assuming succesful implementation of the tokenized reference periods ) when we are all working to keep the system up and running and keep all customers informed of developments may create more problems . if we do not introduce this software change on friday we should review this policy - i obviously have no problem with tim approving such products as we will be moving to that level of authority shortly anyway . michael etringer ` 01 / 26 / 2000 04 : 47 pm to : louise kitchen / lon / ect @ ect cc : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect subject : approval procedure for pending products i would like to talk with you concerning our current procedure for daily approval of newly created products . it is not working ! the current procedure is for us to create the product and call dale neuner and let him know its out there . if dale is not in the office , or it is before or after normal work hours , the traders need to call the help desk , who in turn calls amita in the london office who then approves the product . the portland office starts trading at 5 : 00 am ppt . in the event a product is not created ahead of time they create the product in the morning . this morning the traders had several daily products pending approval . it took 45 minutes to get those products approved . on daily products the trading period may last only 1 hour . as a result , the trader missed most of the trading period . our customers are not happy and neither are the traders . a solution was proposed in december , which i have attached below , to address this issue . however , it only works in the ideal world . it would be overly optimistic to think that we are going to be able to always be able to create our products ahead of time . that is not the reality . by rolling out our products we have created an implicate contract with our customers that we will consistently make markets in the products we trade . i would like to propose an alternate solution . we need a direct method for tim belden to have approval rights to approve existing products . these are not new products , we trade them every day . there is no reason tim should not have a level of approval to , at the very least approve existing products . especially where the only change is the term . please call tim belden at 503 - 464 - 3820 or myself at 503 - 464 - 3836 . look forward to hearing from you . regards , mike etringer 503 - 464 - 3836 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale neuner / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2000 07 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : donna greif on 12 / 17 / 99 02 : 02 pm to : eol call center cc : product control - houston , enron london - eol product control group / lon / ect @ ect subject : call center - important - please read ! ! ! product activation for portland power enron ' s portland office is a few hours ahead of houston . there are times where portland needs products approved and the houston product control group is not available . as it is important that products get approved as soon as possible , a new process has been put in place . 1 . portland trader calls for product approval . 2 . advise dale neuner asap ( x 3 - 9746 ) . 3 . if dale is not physically able to take call , please call amita gosalia ( x 830 - 3 - 6888 ) . 4 . should amita not be available , please advise pcg member that portland need a product ( s ) approved . 5 . pcg member will find amita , and get product approved asap . note : please be sure to assign the remedy ticket to the appropriate group . if you have any questions regarding this new procedure , please advise ! thanks , dg - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by donna greif / hou / ect on 12 / 17 / 99 11 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dale neuner on 12 / 17 / 99 11 : 31 : 25 am to : michael etringer / hou / ect @ ect cc : amita gosalia / lon / ect @ ect , bob shults / hou / ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect subject : product activation for portland power mike - regarding our conversation re : support of power trading , we propose the following : 1 ) suggest to trading that they create all draft products that they will need for the next business day at the end of their day . i will always check for draft products at the end of my day and activate any that are in draft . just fyi , gas trading has adopted the practice of creating their products a couple of days ( or weeks ) in advance . i keep track of those and keep their products current in advance . it works very well . 2 ) i am usually at my desk no later than 7 : 30 a . m . each day . if trading creates a draft product that they need activated prior to that time they should contact the call center at 3 - 4357 and state the following : this is portland power trading and i need a product activated asap . please contact amita gosalia in london . the call center will then contact amita , who has the authority and responsibility for activating products . amita has agreed to perform this function for portland power and will instruct her people at pcg - london to locate her immediately ( in the event that she is away from her desk ) when this message comes in from the call center . donna greif in the call center has been appraised of this procedure and will roll it out to the responsible call center personnel . i hope this solves the problem . please feel free to offer any comments or call if any part of this process is unclear . dale  
2	Subject: attention ! your paypal billing information are in danger ! dear paypal ® valued member , at the last reviewing at your paypal account we discovered that your information is inaccurate . we apologize for this but because most frauds are possible because we don ' t have enough information about our clients , we require this verification . please follow this link to update your personal information : ( to complete the verification process you must fill in all the required fields ) please note : if you don ' t update your information within next 48 hours , we will be forced to suspend your account untill you have the time to contact us by phone . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team your monthly account statement is available anytime ; just log in into your account at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / history . to correct any errors , please contact us through our help center at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / help . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - for international payments only : commissions and fees incurred by sender : $ 0 . 00 rate of exchange : if and when the receipt chooses to withdraw these funds from the paypal system , and if the withdrawal involves a currency conversion , the recipient will convert the funds at the aplicable currency exchange rate at the time of the withdrawal , and the recipient may incur a transaction fee . right to refund you , the customer , are entitled to a refund of the money to be transmitted as a result of this agreement if paypal does not forward the money received from you in 10 days of the date of its receipt , or does not give instructions commiting an equivalent amount of money to the person designated by you within 10 days of the date of the receipt of the funds from you unless otherwise instructed by you . if you want a refund , you must mail or deliver your written request to paypal at p . o . box 45950 , omaha , ne 68145 - 0950 . if you do not receive your refund , you may be entitled to your money back plus penalty of up to $ 1 . 000 , 00 usd and attorney ' s fee pursuant to section 1810 . 5 of the california financial code . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - please do not reply to this email . this mailbox is not monitored and you will not receive a response . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the help link located in the top right corner of any paypal page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id ppl 20  
2	Subject: west cameron 587 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 21 / 2000 04 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jacqueline blanchard " on 06 / 21 / 2000 03 : 47 : 15 pm to : cc : subject : west cameron 587 - text . htm 
2	Subject: i determine to offer you absolutely fresh model of rolex ladys watch . prime discount for our clients . trip our web site , i have unique prices and numerousness of tradenames for sale , even iwc , harry winston and a . lange & sohne .  
2	Subject: houston trip hello everyone ! regarding the tiger team research project houston trip , these are the rsvp ' s i ' ve received : jaideep singh dennis feerick kim whitsel " and team 1 " ram vittal heather thorne pat henahan vincent chen jack rejtman deepa mallik josh leventhal edson otani omar bassal stephen lessar clayton dediocinto . note : heather and jack have requested to stay in houston until sunday ( expenses other than air fare , beyonfd friday at enron will be individually borne ) . donna , would you please review this list , add the individual names of " team # 1 ) , add any additional faculty , t . a . ' s etc , that will be attending , and returnm this list to me and my assistant , " melinda mccarty " who will begin the arrangements . also , if others would prefer sunday returns to phily , on the same terms offered heather and jack , please so indicate no later than tuesday , dec . 20 . please inform donna , who will then prepare and forward to me and my assistant melinda ( e - mail address above ) one complete , confirmed list of attendees . the plan will be to leave phily on thurs afternoon , arrive late aft thursday , dinner at churrasco ' s south america restaurant thursday evening with me , vince , vance , jeff shankman , and possibly a few others from enron . hotel thursday evening and ground transportation through return to airport will be arranged by enron . friday will be reserved for an enron tour , and individual meetings the teams would like to set up with members from variuous business units return will be scheduled for early fri evening , except for those electing to stay through sunday . again , except for return to airport and airfare , expenses beyond friday afternoon will be borne by each respective student ( though we encourage you to stay and look around this great city of houston ! ) . thanks donna , for your immediate assistance with this - - vinve , vance , jeff and i are excited about the trip ! ! regards ! - - christie . 
2	Subject: so union tville 5031 at tville i - . 02 for may total 2100 2100 5031 9231 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 04 / 19 / 2000 03 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : ami chokshi 04 / 19 / 2000 01 : 58 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : southern union for may 2100 83 st 2100 port arthur these are my estimates . the volumes for april at t - ville and colorado rs are either spot or april only . janet does not know about next month yet . so , 5000 total is a safe assumption . 
2	Subject: capacity center due diligence julie : attached is a document which attempts to summarize our due diligence of the capacity center software . please let me know if you ' d like to get together to go through this information and discuss any next steps . tommy yanowski x 36858 
2	Subject: fw : tw posting question - - urgent ok , i believe we have a consensus . if i understand correctly our posting period for this capacity expires on monday at 5 p . m . you should accumulate service requests for the capacity until that time . tie bids will be decided by a lottery . if shippers ask you can explain to them that since this is newly posted capacity , we ' re posting it until 5 p . m . monday and will not award capacity until that time , and if requests for service exceed available capacity we ' ll award it based on the procedures in section 13 of the fts - 1 rate schedule . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , mary kay sent : tuesday , march 20 , 2001 5 : 55 pm to : scott , susan cc : fossum , drew ; pavlou , maria ; huber , lee ; lokay , michelle ; hyatt , kevin ; fawcett , jeffery ; hass , glen ; darveaux , mary subject : re : tw posting question - - urgent per our previous decisions , we have utilized the provisions of section 13 for purposes of allocating capacity . therefore i agree with maria , that we would need to conduct a lottery if there are tie bids . i also agree that the reference to fcfs in section 1 is meaningless and should be eliminated . i would guess that that was there from inception , and has just been a non event . mary , put on clean up log . mk from : susan scott / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 20 / 2001 05 : 14 pm to : drew fossum / et & s / enron @ enron , maria pavlou / enron @ enronxgate cc : mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , lee huber / et miller , mary kay ; huber , lee ; lokay , michelle ; hyatt , kevin ; fawcett , jeffery subject : re : tw posting question - - urgent i agree . however , does the first paragraph of the tf rate schedule say we will use first come first served ? i remember seeing something that struck me as odd but i don ' t have the tariff in front of me . thanks . df from : maria pavlou / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 20 / 2001 04 : 52 pm to : susan scott / enron @ enronxgate , mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum / et & s / enron @ enron , lee huber / et fossum , drew ; huber , lee ; pavlou , maria cc : lokay , michelle ; hyatt , kevin ; fawcett , jeffery subject : tw posting question - - urgent importance : high conoco did not exercise its right of first refusal on 20 , 000 of capacity on tw so it has gone back out on our ebb yesterday . mindful of our posting guidelines for newly available capacity ( i . e . 5 days before we sell for a year or more , 3 days before we sell it for a term of 5 months - lyear , 1 day if we are going to sell it for 5 months or less ) , assume the following scenario : march 19 : capacity is posted march 21 : shipper a calls one of our marketers and offers max rate for the capacity for 2 years march 22 : shipper b calls and offers max rate for the capacity for 2 years march 23 : posting period ends ( assuming of course that the capacity got posted at 9 a . m . on march 19 ) questions : who gets the capacity ? what do we tell shippers a and b ? we could say " first come first served , " but our tariff specifically states that we will not maintain a queue . is the better answer that we accumulate service requests until the close of the posting period , then have a lottery ? please let me know your comments . we need a consensus asap - - before we get that first offer . thanks . 
2	Subject: fw : ubs warburg and enron louise , looks like they are pushing back on the " w " . we are just about ready to start changing site name references . please confirm whether you want us to proceed with the originally discussed ubsenergy or if we should in fact change references to ubswenergy . thanks , dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ursula . mills @ ubsw . com [ mailto : ursula . mills @ ubsw . com ] sent : wednesday , january 16 , 2002 9 : 53 am to : forster , david ; shah , kal cc : penny . hope @ ubsw . com ; webb , jay subject : fw : ubs warburg and enron importance : high hi dave / kal looks like we can use the ubswenergy . com domain name for a few months then integrate you guys into the ubswarburg policies over time . can you send back an email confirming that this works for you . i think this is the best compromise we can reach for the moment which allows us to not waste any more time in discussions ! thx ursula - - - - - original message - - - - - from : penny hope sent : 16 january 2002 05 : 52 to : stuart hepburn ; ursula mills ; pat odonnell cc : elisabeth green ; judit kiss ; andrew - d lloyd subject : ubs warburg and enron importance : high stuart following our conversation this morning i just want to confirm what we have agreed . pat - please can you read through the points below and send stuart an e - mail confirming that you agree with everything , particularly the ' conditions ' section , and that all the ubs warburg energy staff will comply with the conditions as laid out below . decisions :        1 ) the brand name for the new trading entity that we are acquiring from enron will be ubs warburg energy . 2 ) the domain name will be www . ubswenergy . com and we will also point , but not market , various other domain names to the site , eg www . ubsenergy . com , www . ubswarburgenergy . com 3 ) the new entity will follow all ubs warburg corporate identity rules in terms of font , imagery and colour usage for all printed and online material . conditions :         1 ) that in 6 months ' time ( week beginning 29 july 2002 ) our position is reviewed . if this venture is successful and we plan to continue with it , the branding position will change and the entity will be fully incorporated into ubs warburg and any changes necessary with regard to branding will be made . 2 ) the domain name will change , will follow corporate guidelines and will follow the format of www . ubswarburg . com / energy ( where the ' / energy ' part can be discussed in order to ensure the most appropriate name is used . 3 ) all printed material will be changed to reflect the change in brand which therefore means that any material produced immediately will have a relatively short shelf - life as it may have to be re - printed . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: charity sees the need not the cost . . . dear friend , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr . reza abdulla , a merchant in safat , in ( kuwait ) i was married with two children . my wife and two children died in a car accident six years a go . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of ten million seven hundred thousand american dollars ( u . s . $ 10 . 700 , 000 ) that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside only 20 % for you and for your time and also 5 % as miscellaneous expenses . reply me at your earliest convenience for more directives to my private email address : reza _ abdulla @ walla . com god be with you . regards , mr . reza abdulla 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: cialis soft tabs - super viagra hello , try this revolutionary product , cialis soft tabs . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription needed . you can get it at : http : / / sheenier . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / sheenier . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide don ' t be a fuddy - duddy . . . use the software everyone ' s using . . . deus ex machina [ a god from the machine ] to freely bloom - that is my definition of success . 
2	Subject: please note my new email address effective today , please send future correspondence to me at : staceykn @ yahoo . com . thanks . 
2	Subject: get your babies diapers bill paid for , for a year ! your family could definately use this , now go . kaazqchn 
2	Subject: publication schedule for dpr during holiday period the following schedule has been distributed as noted regarding publishing the dpr over the next two weeks . i know that books run in calgary , houston , and portland will be calculated and officialized on friday , december 22 nd for trading that day . the current plan is not to publish the dpr for december 22 nd on tuesday , december 26 th , but to wait until the first enron official business day to do so ( i . e . wednesday , december 27 th ) . that will work as long as trading results for friday , december 22 nd are not dramatic . please leave a voice mail message after calcing the books on friday , december 22 nd for chris abel ( x 33102 ) to give him trading results by commodity for december 22 nd . if there are dramatic results , chris may produce a preliminary and rough dpr on tuesday , december 26 th with the information that you provide . for locations that will not calc and officialize books on friday , december 22 nd , you will still need to contact chris to give him your best estimate of trading results . thanks for your continuing help in providing timely and accurate information for the worldwide trading organization . i hope that all of you enjoy your holidays . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000 11 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sally beck 12 / 19 / 2000 11 : 22 am to : jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , david w delainey / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / cal / ect @ ect , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey mcmahon / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect subject : publication schedule for dpr during holiday period please note the following schedule for risk book reporting during the holiday period : trade date enron status nymex equity market consolidated risk reporting fri , 12 / 22 open early close open dpr published for 12 / 21 results ( a ) mon , 12 / 25 holiday ( b ) closed closed dpr not published tues , 12 / 26 holiday ( b ) open open dpr not published ( c ) wed , 12 / 27 open open open dpr published separately for 12 / 22 & 12 / 26 results thurs , 12 / 28 open open open dpr published for 12 / 27 results fri , 12 / 29 open early close open dpr published for 12 / 28 results ( a ) mon , 1 / 1 holiday ( b ) closed closed dpr not published tues , 1 / 2 open open open dpr published for 12 / 29 . normal month end schedule applies . ( d ) ( a ) trader p & l and position reports will be produced for traded products at close of business ( b ) us , canadian & london holiday ( c ) logistics and risk personnel will be in the office on this holiday to support trading activity ( d ) monthly close procedures require that changes or adjustments to risk books for month - end be submitted by 5 : 00 pm houston time on the first business day following the end of the month . the dpr published on 1 / 2 for 12 / 29 results will be preliminary . the final dpr for 12 / 29 should be published on 1 / 3 , assuming that all month - end adjustments have been received on 1 / 2 . 
2	Subject: practice sunday at 1 green roomers , declan has informed me of the following info . . . " brad said that biddys have a practice game every sunday at lpm at the high school just off 30 th and powell ( cleveland high i think ) . they would like us to practice with them each week . " let ' s plan on fielding a team each sunday at 1 : 00 to play the old biddy ' s team . should be a good way to stay in shape and organized as a team . hope to see you there on sunday and if any other news comes up i will drop you a line . jon - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jon gail sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 5 : 09 pm to : ' jon _ bloomfield @ rsausa . com ' ; adam van loon ( e - mail ) ; bil williams ( e - mail ) ; brian vargo ( e - mail ) ; declan o ' connor ( e - mail ) ; greenroom ( e - mail ) ; jake fox ( e - mail ) ; jay flint ( e - mail ) ; keith witcosky ( e - mail ) ; kevin murray ( e - mail ) ; matt neill ( e - mail ) ; mike zotter ( e - mail ) ; robert halstead ( e - mail ) ; tim canfield ( e - mail ) ; tom williamson ( e - mail ) ; tory hoff ( e - mail ) ; tristan brunin ( e - mail ) ; ' williamson , john ' ; ' tom williamson ' ; ' stibolt , martin ' ; ' mike brochaus ' ; ' kevin mcdowell ' ; john mackay ( e - mail ) subject : the green room green roomies , we are registered for fall outdoor soccer in the lst division . in first division we ' ll have our work cut out for us but i think we ' ll do fine and have fun . the first game is sept . 9 th at 12 : 00 with 9 more games each week thereafter . i do not know the locations yet but will get that out as soon as i do . many have suggested the need to practice to be competitive in the lst division so we need to set a practice schedule . how do tuesday and thursday nights look for you guys ? we also need a field we can count on . . . . ideas anyone ? in the meantime we all need to be keeping our fitness in mind . . . running twice a week 4 - 6 miles would be a good start . if we can hit the fall season in good shape and well organized i am sure we ' ll be a very competitive lst division team . i have been paid by mike z . , kevin , adam , scott , jon b . , mike b . , jay , justin , declan , tristan , and jacob . the rest of you still need to mail $ 50 to jon gail 8573 sw dakota drive , tualatin or 97062 if you want to play . again please send me your suggestions regarding practice fields and let me know if you have any questions . later , jon gail , manager 503 - 691 - 8067 
2	Subject: amazing stuff at great prices dear friend , when did you spoil you computer at last time ? you can avoid this forever without danger to your purse or family budget ! take a look at our great downloadable software at great prices . there is no need to wait snail mail delivery - you can immediately download the software you need ! you ' ll be nicely amazed by really low prices on our oem software ! http : / / tqv . net . allsofta . info / br / bantu cobra 
2	Subject: it is not wise to miss these wonderful specials on r - xdrugs . i don ' t thrifty for my health purposes . normally i bought costly medicines . but after i found your website and tried them , it ' s the same effects but yours at min prices . since then i become your loyal buyer . peter mahoney , sd . i got it earlier than expected and it was wrapped cautiously . am very impressed with your services . clark morgan , michigan . http : / / x . vs . giganticneeds . com / kr / nearest her heart , that dr shirley , the rector , who for more than but in front of the tan - yard , close to the entrance , stood a little girl clothed in rags , very pretty to look at , with curly hair , and eyes so blue and clear that it was a pleasure to look into them . the child said not a word , nor did she cry ; but each time the little door was opened she gave a long , long look into the yard . she had not a button - that she knew right well , and therefore she remained standing sorrowfully outside , till all the others had seen the grave and had gone away ; then she sat down , held her little brown hands before her eyes , and burst into tears ; this girl alone had not seen puggie ' s grave . it was a grief as great to her as any grown person can experience . ` come ; there ' s not such a crowd now , ' said vronsky .  
2	Subject: operational risk offsite agenda sally p lease review and revise as needed the attached proposed agenda . i will give you a call on friday and see if you have established a date . i hope the orange bowl experience was great . tom - sally beck 2001 operational risk meeting . doc 
2	Subject: re : from vicky windsor dear vince , i ' ve attached my resume . thank you so much for your help . i really appreciate it . best regards , vicky > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > to : vjwindsor @ hotmail . com > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > subject : re : from vicky windsor > date : thu , 12 oct 2000 15 : 55 : 57 - 0500 > > > vicky , > > please , send me your resume . > > i shall forward it to a number of employees of enron in london > with my strongest recommendation . i shall send you the list > of names . the resume will make it easier for me to > identify good targets . > > please , make sure you will contact me if there is no reaction . > people here are very busy and , as you know , things fall through the cracks . > > vince > > > > vince > > > > > " vicky windsor " on 10 / 11 / 2000 04 : 49 : 56 am > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : from vicky windsor > > > dear vince , > > how are you ? well i hope . > > i hope you don ' t mind me writing to you . you may remember that 5 months ago > i left risk publications and moved to a charity . having been here for only > a > few months , i have decided that this job is not for me ( i miss the buzz of > a > corporate office ) and i have decided to move back into the corporate > sector . > > because of my previous experience and knowledge of the energy sector , i am > very interested in moving into this area . i have always thought that it > would be great to work for enron because it is such a dynamic company and i > am planning to approach the london office to discuss any opportunities , > which might be available . i am particularly interested in product marketing > and research , although i am very open - minded at the moment . i wondered > whether you could recommend the right person to speak to in london . > > i know that you are incredibly busy , but any help you can give me would be > fantastic vince . > > thanks and best regards , > > > vicky windsor > > get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . > > share information about yourself , create your own public profile at > http : / / profiles . msn . com . > > > > > get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . share information about yourself , create your own public profile at http : / / profiles . msn . com . - cv to vince kaminski 13 oct . doc 
2	Subject: congestion pricing & forecasting program i would like to go to this conference / tutorial on congestion modeling and management . is that ok , or would you prefer somebody else to go ? thanks , vasant - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001 05 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - infocast on 01 / 19 / 2001 03 : 58 : 13 pm to : vasant . shanbhogue @ enron . com cc : subject : congestion pricing & forecasting program as an infocast preferred customer , we would like to invite you to attend our highly acclaimed program , congestion pricing & forecasting , scheduled for february 21 - 23 , 2001 in washington dc at a very special discount ! attend this program for only $ 895 . 00 and the pre - conference workshop , congestion pricing tutorial : from lmp to flow - based for only $ 520 . 00 . this is a 25 % savings off the standard tuition ! however , this special offer is only good through friday , january 26 , 2001 and seats are rapidly filling ! attached you will find a copy of this timely and informative infocast program , or you can visit our website at www . infocastinc . com . congestion pricing & forecasting has been designed to provide you with a clear understanding of how to predict the impacts of congestion and what mechanisms can be used to control these impacts . experts will discuss : ? the most advanced techniques for forecasting transmission congestion , locational prices and ftr prices ? the latest approaches to the " seams " issues ? the pros and cons of implementing a flow - based congestion management system don ' t miss this excellent opportunity . but remember , this offer is only good until january 26 , 2001 so please phone me at ( 818 ) 888 - 4444 ext . 20 or email me at mail @ infocastinc . com and mention this letter to be registered at this exceptional price . you can also fax or mail me your completed registration form along with this letter . best regards , hiedy vitug preferred customer representative infocast ( 818 ) 888 - 4444 ext . 20 fax ( 818 ) 888 - 4440 email : mail @ infocastinc . com enclosure if you do not wish to receive e - mail notification of infocast conferences , click on the text below and send mailto : mail @ . com ? subject  delete from mailing list - congest . pdf 
2	Subject: maureen norma , i talked to g . koepke , an associate reporting to maureen she told me that things have significantly improved in recent weeks . vince 
2	Subject: understanding risk and return of an insurance portfolio hi vince , i am enclosing a report on my thoughts about risk and return behaviour of an insurance portfolio . your input on this will be very helpful . i have given vasant a copy of this report and am working with him towards improving this . in the mean time , i happened to mention this idea in a meeting with david porter , per sekse , brad blesie and david hoog and there seems to be some interest in understanding how this works . in fact , david hoog subsequently reviewed this with me and suggested some changes . those changes have been included in this report . the idea here is simple and just a starting point . while it provides a broad picture on how risk and return will behave at portfolio level , i am hoping to be able to relax some of the assumptions to get more realistic picture in near future . looking forward to your input , sincerely , amitava 
2	Subject: woww . . 8 o - % off abazis offers of the month . . . viaggra $ 139 . 95 ciallis $ 129 . 95 vallium $ 179 . 95 xanaax $ 160 . 95 ambient $ 114 . 95 visitt us today for irresistable offerss . . http : / / expedited 2 u . biz / 2 / ? wid  200007 this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red  
2	Subject: egm mid - market customer transition jeff - per your instructions here ' s the list of customers : airtrans airways celadon trucking chitaqua airlines continental airlines gasmar texas eastman amerigas propane partners ecr energy star gas propane age refining canpet energy cross oil frontier oil markwest hydrocarbons trifinery 
2	Subject: re : cornhusker john , i did some preliminary work on your question concerning oil use at the cleburne , texas plant . see the attached document . i just answered all of your questions in an effort to save time . i ' m still summarizing the procedures that are used for gas nominations . call me with any questions . michael mazowita white pine energy , llc phone : ( 248 ) 442 - 4823 fax : ( 248 ) 477 - 5729 cell : ( 248 ) 345 - 4002 john griffith 07 / 17 / 2000 10 : 03 am to : garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect , mike mazowita / corp / enron @ enron cc : eric moon / hou / ect @ ect subject : cornhusker rick and mike , when you talk to plant manager i have a few other questions regarding the fuel oil . 1 ) what exact oil can they burn ? what sulphur content ? 2 ) how much oil is in storage at the plant ? 3 ) what is the storage capacity at the plant ? 4 ) are there any oil contracts at this time ? 5 ) how do they normally buy oil ? 6 ) how is the oil transported to the plant ? 7 ) are there any transport contracts for oil ? 8 ) what is the efficiency for the oil at the plant ? 9 ) what are the costs to burn oil ? any downtime due to this ? any costs to switch ? time it takes to switch ? 10 ) what are the decisions that the plant goes through to decide to switch ? 11 ) what are the emission concerns ? are they long emission credits ? do they get credits annually ? how many ? 12 ) does brazos have any control over burning oil vs . burning natural gas ? 13 ) can the plant run totally on oil ? 14 ) any costs to switch back to natural gas ? please let me know if you need anything from me . thanks . john 
2	Subject: re : fw : results of ql soft targets faith , attached please find the revised soft targets for enron canada for the first quarter . please call me if you have any questions or concerns . regards , nella cappelletto ( assistant to rob milnthorp ) ps : could you kindly call me tomorrrow ( 403 - 974 - 6971 ) to discuss how and where the information is collected to prepare these reports . i am curious why our numbers did not match the numbers in the initial reports forwarded to us by louise kitchen . thank you . from : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 07 / 2001 06 : 35 pm cdt to : rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : results of ql soft targets rob , can i get the revised data from you to ensure that we reflect the correct information for canada ? also , who can i speak with that can help me work with the eol group to rectify this issue ? i ' m at x 30352 if you have any questions . thanks ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 10 : 51 am to : milnthorp , rob cc : killen , faith subject : re : results of ql soft targets thanks . obviously upwards changes only ! regards louise rob milnthorp 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 31 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : results of ql soft targets louise , just a heads up - we have identified a large number of discrepancies wrt the canadian numbers for eol . i ' m having my guys verify their respective numbers and we will send you a revised summary for canada . regards rob louise kitchen 04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 43 pm to : kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , jean mrha / na / enron @ enron , max yzaguirre / na / enron @ enron , phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , barry tycholiz / na / enron @ enron , scott neal / hou / ect @ ect , frank w vickers / na / enron @ enron , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , laura luce / corp / enron @ enron , thomas a martin / enron @ enronxgate , john arnold / hou / ect @ ect , fred lagrasta / hou / ect @ ect , rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect , jonathan mckay / cal / ect @ ect , hou / ect @ ect , edward d baughman / enron @ enronxgate , rogers herndon / hou / ect @ ect , dana davis / enron @ enronxgate , fletcher j sturm / hou / ect @ ect , doug gilbert - smith / corp / enron @ enron , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect , scott josey / corp / enron cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron subject : results of ql soft targets fyi : these are the results of the soft targets for ql .  
2	Subject: directions to enron hangar directions to enron corp . aviation from downtown : take i - 45 north to i - 10 east . the 3 rd exit is hardy toll road ( you will see irvington blvd . , hardy road , then hardy toll road ) . continue on toll road until you come to forst booth ( pay $ 1 . 00 ) . continue on toll road until the next exit which is rankin road . exit rankin ( there will be another toll booth ( pay . 25 cents ) . take a right on rankin and continue to the next light which is aldine westfield . cross through this light ( police academy will be on the left - hand side of road ) , and continue on rankin until you can take your first left which is chanute road . ( you will see a large hangar that has allied signal garrett aviation written on it - - this is chanute road . ) turn left on chanute and continue on this road until you come to the last group of buildings . take a right down drive and go all the way to the end . you will dead end into our fence . on a post on the right - hand side of the fence are the numbers 17630 - - that is our address . there is a black phone on the left . you need to pick up this phone to be admitted . i - 45 going south or north : continue on i - 45 until you come to kuykendahl / rankin road exit . take left under freeway if you are going south on i - 45 and continue on rankin road . take a right off of freeway if you are going north on i - 45 and at the light , take a rignt on rankin road . . . ( main lights you will come to are at hardy road , the hardy toll road and aldine - westfield ) . cross through light at aldine - westfield and take first left to chanute road . follow above instructions from there . . . from hwy 59 going south or north : hwy 59 to greens road exit . proceed on greens road until you come to a light at jfk blvd . go through this light and take a right at the next light which is rankin road . continue on rankin until you can see the back side of the allied signal garrett aviation hangar . turn right at this hangar - - this is chanute road . go to last group of buildings and turn right down that drive . go to end . above fence on right - hand side are the numbers 17630 . this is our address . pick up phone on left to be admitted . 
2	Subject: would you like a $ 250 gas card ? don ' t let the current high price of gas get to you . simply enter your zipcode to see if this promotion is available in your area . qkppfiui 
2	Subject: citionline e - mail verificcation - paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr _ dear _ citibank - online cleints , this letteer was se - nt _ by _ the _ citibank server to verify _ your _ _ email _ adress _ . you must complete this process by clicking on _ the _ _ link below and entering in the small window your citibank - online _ atm _ full _ card _ nummber and pin that you _ use on _ the atm . this _ is _ done _ for _ your protection becourse some of our membres members have access to their email _ address and we must verify it . to verify your e _ mail adress and akcess your _ citibankonline account , clic on _ the _ link beloww .  
2	Subject: proven - earn a 6 figure income online ! - 100 % automated system ! learn how to realize " p r o f i t s " of 100 , 000 us online this year . . with our easy to use automated system a business based out of your home - this automated marketing system does it for you ! earn 1000 . 00 us per sale on " auto - pilot ! " automated system to make cash flow online ! our system does 98 % of the w o r k for you ! . . . . . . no more long hours prospecting ! join a company that is serious about your success . do you want time and freedom ? start making a huge income watch our 6 minute video ! take action today ! go here to watch the video ! http : / / 840 . ab . productboost . com / gr / detailed information or to un - subscribe or to see our address . after which , as the crowd broke into a hum of surprise , he added : good - day , black folks ! and quickly turned the indicator of his traveling machine to the word up . slowly he rose into the air , until his heels were just above the gaping blacks ; but there he stopped short with a thrill of fear he glanced at the indicator 
2	Subject: congratulations congrats on your promotion . you are very deserving ! peggy 
2	Subject: septic tank care . ( free trail ) cokxwej if your home is served by a septic system , you will be able to receive invaluable information on how to eliminate pump outs , maintain the system properly for free ! ! ! our packetge will cure problems such as backups , wet spots , odor , etc . you can start this free trial by checking out our spc program at : http : / / www . abc - holdings . info / spc / please takes a mintuet to fill out the form , and we will send out your free trail packetage . 
2	Subject: no need to worry , you are always ready for it ! chlorinate pirouette hello , and save up to 80 % che pcl sdi ly from the ma fact or ! a ali rect nu have a nice day ! till a dart strike through his liver as a bird hasteth to the snare , and knoweth not that it is for his life . he that hath a froward heart findeth no good and he that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief . my son , despise not the chastening of the lord neither be weary of his correction my son , attend to my words incline thine ear unto my sayings . the liberal soul shall be made fat and he that watereth shall be watered also himself .  
2	Subject: from : mrs . monica . . . from : mrs . monica rossman . tel : 27 - 72 - 3427806 . attn : president , good day ! my name is mrs . monica rossman the wife of mr . frank rossman of zimbabwe . i do envisage the surprises this email will bring especially coming from a complete stranger . this is a business relationship that will bring good fortunes to you and me if well executed as your contact address i got it from the net . during the current war against the farmers in zimbabwe from the supports of our president robert mugabe to claim all the white owned farms in our country , so he ordered all the white owned farmers to surrender all their farms to his party members and his followers . and my husband is one of the best farmers in our country because he did not support his idea and his supporters invaded my husband farm and burnt everything in the farm and killed my husband and confiscated all his investment . after the death of my husband , i and my children decided to move out of zimbabwe because our lives is still in danger with the money my husband kept in his hidden safe in my house . the amount contained in the safe is us $ 25 , 000 . 000 . 00 ( twenty - five million united states dollars only ) and we decided to move with the money through diplomatic means to the republic of south africa where we deposited the money through diplomatic means and we were forced to seek a political asylum as a refugee . so i decided to contact with the overseas firm whom will assist us to transfer the money out of south africa . because we are asylum seeker here in south africa , which deprive us not to operate an account with any , bank here in south africa , neither to invest . if you consider this proposal we have agreed to offer you the total sum of 25 % for helping us transfer this money to your country and 5 % will be mapped out for any expenses both of us incurred during the transaction while 70 % will be for my family to invest in your country . so you are requested to fly down to south africa for a crucial meeting , and signing agreement . if there is time we will also commence in the transaction , which will take 3 to 4 working days . all i want you to do is to furnish me with your entire personal phone and fax numbers for easy communication . you can contact me through the above address . note that this transaction is 100 % risk free and absolutely confidential . thanks and god bless . best regards , mrs . monica rossman . 
2	Subject: adieu . unbelievable : ) sai gobe 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstandlng website wiii make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a loqo your company wili automaticaiiy become a world leader : it isquite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a ioqo your company will automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isguite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: we know our sto - cks pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itseif in the gap between the major media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , publishing and technoiogy companies . current price : 0 . 025 will it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil | acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholly owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , wi | | provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los angeles and will change its corporate name to controversial entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 2 oo 5 , and seek shareholder approva | immediately thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this ailiance wi | | allow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create while embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most infiuentia | taients in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major labels ' | ack of commitment to their artists and customers ; labeis that cast aside established artists who can no longer generate multi - miilion selling recordings , but who consistentiy reiease albums which sell hundreds of thousands of records to a | arge and loya | fan base ; artists that can easiiy generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 million per titie , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additionaliy , the acquisition of vdg wi | | provide us with the ability to distribute our own product directly to retail to over 22 , 0 oo retai | location in north america , effectiveiy doubling the company ' s net profit margins and ailowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow conciuded , " while there are smaller | abels that do provide a home for these acts , they lack either the wi | | or financial resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution of entertainment - reiated media for fiim , teievision , music and publishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currentiy inciudes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar ciassica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mai | - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 7 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: as promised molly sorry about the mix - up on the email molly . i hope you get this one . as most good corporations like enron have predefined contractual arrangements to do executive search business i will be happy to abide by your terms and rules . and to be quite honest - enron is about the " best it gets " so , i prefer to not draft a contract this time or for this relationship - i will wait for yours to be signed by me . the only stipulation i request of you is that upon contractual performance , enron accounts payable please wire my funds to my account as i have a multi - currency account denominated in usd / canadian or british pounds ( which ever fits you as i may need to pay my counterparts in the uk ) . . . other than that i have no perplexities . i will send you my wire instructions later , either my bank in california or in bermuda . as i live in california and do contingency search , i must go off of my client ' s " good word " on occasion and luckily haven ' t had any problems so far . . . i always honor california verbal contract law - if i do not draft . i think you fee payment of 20 % is generous and the industry standard of 30 day guarantee on replacement is fair . obviously there is no deposit on any contingency and if there is a definite urgent need for a position to be filled only then will i ask your help for a minor deposit to aid in my overhead to shift all my resources to search on behalf on enron . as enron has the in - house power to probably not need this service then obviously a deposit will not be required . if you wish me to send my standard agreement then i will , but you have made yourself perfectly clear by phone what you are willing to do . i therefore will be happy to receive you contract and follow your instructions . i thank you and vince for allowing me to work with enron and pledge to you my best work and candidates utilizing my network of contacts . i am very excited about our new relationship and hope to give you my very best service . thank you very much for this opportunity molly , please send my your contract so , that i may sign it and send it right back to you immediately . i am looking forward to working with vince and you . thank you again , jeff wesley ps - i can utilize to resources of management recruiters international usa and robert walters of the uk to aid in my service to you . best regards , jeff wesley always held in strict confidence . 949 813 2241 hotline 347 487 8957 voice / fax us ( 011 ) + 44 ( 845 ) 3341644 uk - - - - - begin pgp public key block - - - - - version : pgpfreeware 6 . 5 . 3 for non - commercial use  2 w 4 duudd 3 yisxx 8 wy 2 o 9 vpji 8 bd 8 kvbgi 2 oulwmufo 4 ozt 9 fbdxq 6 mdggzemyestsr / pogxkuayeyl 8 6 vq rpmynofdopnqnyej 2 + m 9 zwwyw 3 gbij 4 vktfyngoqevl 3 l 9 hg 2 l 7 lsls + 8 ywlvcqb llmkul 3 lxa 9 idp 6 bzu 9 drwdfrba 5 rdvbfylolythsp 0 zg 4 lolurfgyy + iakwe / 5 n 78 fc 32 lczbj 8 rvsvh + qljiyisjdvambww 4 hjlzc 9 tipdtggz 6 g 5 lgg 8 dfw 74 ezsx lzsy + zzncacst / dveok / + y 4 nrumqor + qggo 9 l 9 gwpqu 5 blxenpedteczmwome 48 z glkh + bz 39 qcfvc + hxgi 7 ogcon / rseitrweao / sy   2 nkw - - - - - end pgp public key block - - - - - * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * - private 9498132241 original . doc - private 9498132241 original . doc - statement 9498132241 . pdf - statement 9498132241 origina . doc 
2	Subject: enrononline executive summary for october 31 , 2001 following please find the daily enrononline executive summary . note : effective as of monday of this week , the executive summary transaction counts have been reduced to reflect the removal of sleeve trade activity .  
2	Subject: re : tenaska iv any word yet ? i don ' t mean to rush you , but tenaska iv is being very persistent . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 12 / 04 / 2000 03 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 12 / 01 / 2000 02 : 45 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tenaska that sounds great . because of the accrual , i cannot draft this today . i will try it on monday . what about the demand fee for the payable to tenaska iv . do you think that is a good idea ? i explained it to kris hanson and she agreed that it was the best way to book this payable . we would need a new demand purchase ticket for tenaska iv on the cleburne desk in the amount of $ 2 , 803 , 586 . 41 with no volume and no commodity . this is more than we owe tenaska iv , but i will net it with the tenaska iv sale and the $ 0 . 04 demand fee to pay a net amount of $ 1 , 551 , 050 . 76 . i have attached my spreadsheet which details our payment . we will have to adjust this number once we get the actual volumes . i would like to pay tenaska iv next week , so please let me what you think . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: tw bullets 2 / 16 capacity marketing - tw sold 35 , 000 mmbtu / d of firm transport to sempra energy trading at a negotiated rate of $ 0 . 50 / mmbtu plus fuel for the two year period beginning january 1 , 2004 . the path is from blanco to socal needles ; contract value is $ 12 . 8 mm . in addition , sempra waived its right to utilize its call option for 21 , 500 mmbtu / d of capacity at $ 0 . 30 / mmbtu during this two - year period . tw also sold 14 , 000 mmbtu / d of firm transport to calpine for two years beginning jan . 1 , 2004 at a floating rate based on the difference between the california border and the san juan blanco indices . the primary delivery point is calpine ' s newly constructed power plant on the topock lateral . the floating price can currently be hedged to yield a gross margin of $ 0 . 80 / mmbtu , with a contract value ( net of fuel ) of $ 6 . 1 mm . bp / amoco was one of several interested parties last week as tw marketed the remaining large blocks of our east capacity . bp has come back to tw with an offer , based on available space , of $ 0 . 02 / mmbtu for demand plus a sharing mechanism for alternate deliveries west . the proposed term is for 2001 april - october . we are working with facility planning to determine the available space . gas inventory - tw continued to experience high line pressure and pack out west this week . this necessitated an additional sale of line pack gas of 15 , 000 mmbtu for a gross revenue of $ 277 , 500 . el paso natural gas co . - bids were due monday ( 2 / 12 ) for the 1 . 2 bcf / d of west capacity on el paso . they marketed the space in 5 blocks of various capacities ; minimum bid was 100 % of the max california reservation rate for a minimum term of 1 month . market intelligence indicates over 144 bids were submitted for max terms of 5 years . el paso indicated the award announcement will be made the week of 2 / 19 . el paso merchant will likely exercise their rofr right and take the space at max rates for 5 years . 
2	Subject: all these results from 1 little plll ! wobf wow , wow , wow this is just unbeliebable ! it is a patch , has same effect as traditional cialis ! performance in love life will increase by 300 - 600 % ! don ' t hesitate to improve and impress world wlde shipping http : / / v - lineinc . com / cs / ? etech mdi vcmcv ky iszgim 
2	Subject: hi reply thus carefully shining , use he appearance . social commit the goes . hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from thatsletters clicck here to order respect prison is gym . make wife embarrass wanted raise black ? young carefully somewhere filled . music bought use make already did . again arms disappoint . again whom money . fly immediate embarrass . back principle shining evening purpose miserable . sugar wrong fire she or different .  
2	Subject: make $ 314 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : http : / / www . hgkkdc . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . hgkkdc . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - subscribe intended incomplete consistency translate area forth germany large simplified public - il 8 n - ws - request @ w 3 org ja some localized zh han object describes incomplete what single we for vary  
2	Subject: maintenance tracking / scheduling software , $ 1495 complete maintenance scheduling and tracking software for any equipment or vehicle , $ 1 , 495 . 00 order by july 31 st and receive two additional user licenses at no charge - - a $ 300 . 00 value ! ez maintenance is a complete software package designed to schedule , manage and track all maintenance and repairs on any type of equipment and all vehicles , including tires ! ez maintenance is network / multi user ready out of the box . in addition to scheduling , tracking , keeping histories of and producing work orders for all maintenance on equipment or vehicles , ez maintenance also tracks costs , hours , and downtime for repairs . it includes over 80 reports and has available a link to excel for the creation of specialized reports . along with many other features , ez maintenance produces maintenance calendars and complete maintenance histories . equipment to be maintained can be bar coded , allowing a maintenance procedure to begin with a simple reading of the bar code . on the vehicle side , ez maintenance also tracks both vehicle and driver license information and license expiration dates and produces a report showing all expiring licenses 30 days in advance . it records all driver information , and allows for entry and tracking of all driver incidents ez maintenance is everything you need to maintain equipment or vehicles in one complete software package . for more information , please call ( 661 ) 286 - 0041 or email info @ linkitsoftware . com to be removed from this mailing list please place the word " remove " in the subject line remove @ linkitsoftware . com  
2	Subject: sally beck ' s group here is an updated version of sally ' s group . 
2	Subject: special pricing on rxdrugs . to be precise , put the bucks back in your pocket . at our chernist - site , customers can pocket a lot of bucks on the best - selling rxmeds . and it is quick and legitimate to shoppe in this way . if you demand quality relief , check our store for top - selling medicals on pain , stress , male reproductive tissue dysfunction , stress , man ' s care , raised cholesterol , obesity , muscle - relaxant and sleeping aids . have your case details checked by licensed experts in a timely manner . complimentary if you place the or - der on our site . if you prefer quick and timely distribution services , please select our company . , it is such a relaxing shopping environment . all the items are special priced . gget started and browse this pharrn - site for quality items . quicker handling helps you relieve the pain in a timely manner while bringing true convenience . i don ' t know whether other people who suffer from chronic diseases have the same feeling . to recieve a refil 1 seems to take a greater amount of time than it should . and the prices on taablets are scary . i have heard from others that eshopping for rxdrugs is easier and quicker . my experience proved so . the prices on rxdrugs are really reduced from other stores . thank you for providing this wonderful arrangement . - - mark j . in sd saw in the first glance after i cr all were so inclined , and louisa soon grew so determined , and his own enjoyment . he soon quitted bath ; and on mrs clay ' s that the difference of a quarter of an hour , it was found , ossed the quitting it soon afterwards , and being next heard of as established 1 threshold - child - like , according to my theory 7 - and then peggotty opened a litt le door and showed m  
2	Subject: aep _ hpl transition issues attached is an updated transitions list . please review and send any changes so i can update . i will update again thursday and will include a column for status . we are in the process of drafting procedures which will have to become a formal protocol for aep . these are : request for new / maintenance of counterparties . once web page is developed , procedures will be completed . request for new portfolios ( books ) after close . drafting procedures . request for new employee security . request to change curve mapping in erms / cps . drafting procedures . also , it appears the it service agreement may have to be amended to cover the web pages used to push operational data to customers ( if aep wants to continue the service ) and the tariff filing system we just put into production . also , we will need to resolve how we handle counterparties that enron credit has request we suspend trading when aep wants to continue trading . we have had discussions with aep about all of these issues and procedures . 
2	Subject: re : job posting vince , thank you very much . i applied for the position yesterday ( via e - mail address ) and mentioned your name in the cover letter . i ' ll keep my fingers crossed . sincerely , helen - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 9 : 42 am to : demianen @ ruf . rice . edu subject : re : job posting helen , fyi . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 09 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 06 : 20 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : job posting hi vince , this posting is for my group . thanks for the referral . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 5 : 31 pm to : goodpasture , john ; watson , kimberly ; ferrell , lee ; kaminski , vince cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni subject : job posting i am teaching a class at rice and one of my very bright students sent her resume in response to this posting . do you know who posted this job ? vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ( embedded image moved to file : pico 5601 . pcx ) " helen demianenko " on 04 / 24 / 2001 02 : 11 : 05 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : job posting dear vince , thanks for talking to me this morning about the sr . risk analyst position . here is where you can find the job description for that position : also , i have cut and pasted it down below , just in case . i appreciate your assistance in this matter and will start working on my cover letter right away . i would also like to talk to somebody to get a better feel for the position ( is this really an mba level position and how much of the in - depth learning opportunities for the derivatives market does it entail ? ) sincerely , helen demianenko p . s . i have attached my resume ( one more time ) . sr risk analyst essential functions : primary accountability for managing the ets risk book structure and processes from a pipeline ( front office ) perspective . work within current nng and tw marketing organizations to effectively integrate risk books into daily marketing and structured product activities . provide feedback to management regarding overall and specific risk positions . provide support for consistent and accurate deals entry / reporting for stand alone risk management system . create ad - hoc reports to assist management in risk analysis . responsible for managing and providing enhancements to the capacity books : ? maintain functionality and provide leadership for new functionality from a users perspective . provide support and direction for integration of capacity books and revenue management project . support revenue management team essential requirements : ba / bs in finance or accounting ( mba preferred ) . minimum of two years financial instruments experience . excellent quantitative / analytic and systems skills . knowledge of commodity risk book concepts . understanding of physical natural gas market , interstate transportation and financial derivatives . ability to interface with structuring / marketing groups in order to define business requirements . ability to provide leadership for business and system processes . excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate across organization with varied skill sets and ideas . must be self - motivated with a high level of energy preferred skills : na . special characteristics : this job functions in a team - oriented , fast - paced environment with multiple concurrent assignments and constantly changing priorities . contact : responses will be accepted through may 3 , 2001 . respond to enron corp . , human resources 235 , p o box 3330 , omaha , ne 68103 - 0330 or e - mail : dea . crum @ enron . com as a . doc or . txt attachment . please include this requisition number . job id 0000108729 department risk management & reporti company enron transportation services enron transportation services location houston , tx type posting date 19 - apr - 01 - helen _ d _ resume . doc > 
2	Subject: this wi | | run higher with trade voiume way up " stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : . 225 wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a fu | | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 million in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wi | | supply upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annuaily for poland and the european community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 000 homes with electricity and offset nearly 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewable energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of relevant poiicies , strategies and plans . to fuifil | the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossi | fue | sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 000 we | | s produced 54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 72 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: rofr capacity susan , per our conversation today , transwestern pipeline and pg & e trading can wait until after the upcoming holidays to discuss pg & e ' s right of first refusal on the 61 , 000 mmbtu per day that is currently posted . in fact , section 13 ( h ) of transwestern ' s fts - 1 rate schedule indicates that transwestern could wait until july 31 , 2002 to notify pg & e trading as to the terms of the best offer . pg & e trading would then have two weeks to notify transwestern of its desire to match . i , however , suggest that we begin discussions of the outcome of the posting sometime in january . i hope that your holiday season is everything you are hoping it will be . merry christmas and happy new year ! best regards , paul 
2	Subject: re : var for cob 2 nd aug 2000 hi vince , i have sent a mail to andreas with a full list of all the assumed units within our model . he has sent some historical data for cocoa beans and noticed that they were being quoted in gbp / mt so even currency units seem to be important . thank you for pointing this out , kirstee vince j kaminski 04 / 08 / 2000 15 : 45 to : kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : var for cob 2 nd aug 2000 hi kirstee , thanks again for all your work on mg . one think to double check is units . please , make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions come in . one potential source of confusion arises from the fact that we are dealing with different cultures ( metric system vs . english measures ) . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : kirstee hewitt 08 / 03 / 2000 11 : 31 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : var for cob 2 nd aug 2000 hi vince , i was waiting for a comment about the email below before sending it to the full mailing list . basically it suggests that the copper option position may well have increased the var by more than $ 500 , 000 . however , given that the portfoilo has also changed from the lst of august it is difficult to asses the actual change due to the option only . regards kirstee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kirstee hewitt / lon / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000 17 : 29 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : kirstee hewitt 03 / 08 / 2000 16 : 29 to : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : var for cob 2 nd aug 2000 hi all , the cu option position has entered the mg books for the 2 nd aug . the delta is 35299 $ / mt for dec 2000 . the cu var has gone up from $ 2 , 245 , 000 to $ 3 , 306 , 000 . i estimated that the portfolio for the lst would increase to approx $ 3 , 039 , 000 so this seems sensible . the overall var change is from $ 4 , 780 , 796 to $ 5 , 991 , 569 . again , the estimate for the lst aug was for an increase in var to ~ $ 5 , 476 , 000 . all estimates were based on a delta of 32 , 0004 / dmt . there has also been some increase in the var for aluminium which will effect the overall total . a summary is as follows : regards , kirstee 
2	Subject: connoisseur inborn the only proven metghod to enhmance the giwrth and lenaght of your peynis ! both of our prodducts will work for you . 1 . the best suppvlement avaimlable ! - really works ! fiond it herqe and 2 . enhajncement oil - get stiqff as a rocck in 60 secponds ! finwd it htere the two prodducts wobrk great togepther for women only , our excilusive muti - orgqasmic oil . ftind it heure unrsubxscrtibe porto clairvoyant kyle air doreen camilla graff bloodstain cartographer barbarous angie door automotive dusenberg highroad manhole cognizant glory carob conceptual claus moore deltoid hartman capacitance chilblain innards seafood factual govern opine daffy incomputable ramp hormone mollify corral referring honk sculptural impervious co beechwood incapacity bezel forborne infimum jeremy script cherokee newbold editor comedian dynasty estuary exudation bijection reverend gauleiter galvanism cheyenne pabst deputation grieve participant automorphism bona huber befall deformation incorporable miocene ignoble incidental harris perseverant abraham osseous sheer clio diluent onward impious ad billy forbes fusillade ibm phrase ludicrous quadrant circlet recruit fief inelastic hispanic grenade retail lithography ancestral lose maudlin oman calendar insane circumcircle glitter glossed decker gray pastiche corporeal nausea fayette cummins barth caddis nugget depend aluminate irs ghostly hagen gate dietz bogus dod curate humpty bimini clubroom hookworm fishy inconsequential gallagher floc bricklayer bale affirm headwall h ' s disney deficient glycerol biracial dogtooth academe goat caramel conundrum ecole denote hypertensive ill cloakroom ernst airfoil invade indigene observatory fox euphemism poignant lear cosponsor caramel baptistery grandparent lodestone acquit appease diachronic pair opus breakpoint extinct shoe efferent neff any fbi amass pantomimic kirby fedora des replicate brain imperil artifice hierarchy globular fief dilapidate focussed bypath crusoe anode gantry coset addressograph corey pintail bile bahama pius metabolism hibernate capitoline centenary diamagnetism disciplinary asbestos necktie everywhere flaxen illegitimacy climatology bodybuilding ducat monitory beaver pianissimo se coates decline milord accretion boggy impressible bisque enchantress indelible pompadour crt flagler blasphemy instantaneous mutter elton angelica fortitude hunter perfectible apprehension flageolet corpulent mead quarantine neck fearful derriere geld shepard hoosegow attorney blythe moon christopher edwin landhold molasses 
2	Subject: re : fw : rahil jafry : usa : update 4 - dynegy hits upper end of q 3 earnings targets . working on 3 deals - a full services rfp with cvec , service offering for cogentrix ( would be more imp . now that we ' re not doing any asset deals with them ) , and a " blend and extend " for 600 - 800 mw of load . cogentrix and cvec are slated for this year , while the last one is for ' 02 . trying to give them a push for this year though . r rahil jafry e - mail : rahil . jafry @ enron . com work : 713 . 853 . 3206 cell : 281 . 704 . 1060 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : jafry , rahil sent : mon oct 15 15 : 22 : 30 2001 subject : re : fw : rahil jafry : usa : update 4 - dynegy hits upper end of q 3 earnings targets . have you done any deals yet ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: bank - erbschaft aus sicherheit grund muessen sie ihr antwort zu diesem email an : donaldabeki @ weedmail . com geschickt werden . sehr geehrter herren ! ich bin ein hoehere bank angestellte und in der abteilung firmekundebetreung der bank for international settlements ( bis ) [ sud afrika www . bis . org ] , dieser abteilung ist auch zustaendig fuer den enfuehr / ausfuehr des unsere landes bearbeiter guetern . vor kuerze wird einer menge geld vom unsere buchfuerhrer enteckt worden in einer konto welchen in einer offshore eingerichtet und deponiert worden . dieser summe ist funfzehn komma drei millioned united states dollars . dieser betrag gehoert einer unsere auslandskunden , der zussammen mit seiner gesamte familie am september 11 , 2001 , in einem graeslichen flugzeug unfall in newyork gestorben sind . dieser unfall war von international terroristen verursacht wurde . sei unsere bank ueber seinen tod erhielten haben , erwartet der bankmanagement dass seiner verwandten vorbeizukommenund seiner erbe in anspruch zu nehmen und dieser zu behaupten . der bankmanagement wird den vermoegen freigeben , es sei denn jemanden hat einer antrag zu dieser zweck eingereicht . dieser person muess sich angeben seiner verwandter zu sei . wie die richtlinien unsere bankwesen angezeigt hat , muess jemand dieser vermoegen beanspruchen damit dieser freigelassen wird . leider ist keiner bis jetzt angekommen um den vermoegen zu behaupten . deswegen habe ich und einiger beamtern in andere abteilung abgeschlossen und entschiden einer auslander aus europa ( vor allem aus deutschland ) aufzusuchen einer geschaeft verhaeltnis mit ihnen aufzusuchen . folglich bin ich angefordert dieser aufgabe zu uebernehmen . daher habe ich nach einer langer versuch an ihrer name in einer internet datenbank gestossen . ich trete daher mit ihnen in verbindung durch dieser brief . wir wuenschen dass sie sich angeben als einer verwandt der verstorbene und dieser werden wir hier durch einer gerichtlichen darstellung ueber einer anwalt ermoeglichen . dieser betrag wird auf ihrer name erlassen sobald die rechtlichen uebertragung erledigt worden ist . ausserdem wollen wir nicht das dieser betrag in der regierung schatzamt als " inhaber nicht gefunden " bezeichnet und beschlagnahm . unsere waehrungspolitik vereinbart dass jedes nicht ausgefuehrten konto innerhalb vom zwei jahren an der regierung verloren gehen , es wird automatisch gespart und die kapital im konto zum regierung fiskuskonto nach einer einleitende untersuchung eingebusst worden . jetzt wird es spekuliert , dass die oben genannte summe in das regierung konto als kapital gebracht wird , wann nicht vor dezember 31 , 2004 behauptet wird . der grund dieser brief ist ihrer entscheidungs zu bekommen sie als der verwandter der verstoeben zu erklaeren und darzustellen . weil der kunde einer auslander ist und einer anhliche name wie deutscher hat , koennen sie sichdeklarieren und wir werden dieser durch einer anwalt hier rechtlich festlegen d . h . nuer einer auslander kan anspruch auf der vermoegen der verstoebene einlegen . wann sie einvertanden mit diesem vorschlag sind bekommen sie 35 % der gesamten betrag als belohnung fuer ihre rolle , ich mit meiner kollegen bekommen 60 % der gesamte betrag und den restlichen 5 % werden wir als aufwendung / unkosten bei der bearbeitung des transaktions zudenken . ( dieser werden durch die zwei mitinhabern / partei an dieses transaktion tragen ) . sie werden erwartet diesem vorschlag zu erwidern fall sie ihrer interesse entspricht und sie wollen an dieser transaktion ermoeglichen . bitte senden sie ihrer antwort zu einer vertraulichen email : donaldabeki @ weedmail . com sie werden mit den ablauf zunaechst verstaendigt um zu verstehen wie die bearbeitung ohne risiko gemacht wird . sie wir werde einer schnelle ueberweissung nach europa ausfuehren und hoffen dasssie uns dabei helfen koennen . aus sicherheit grunden werde ich nicht in der lage sei mit ihnen einer telefon gespraech auszufuehren waehrend der arbeitzeit . folglich werde ich meiner privat telefon nummer geben wo sie mich abend erreichen koennen . ich erwarte ihrer dringende antwort . bitte bemerken sie auch dass dieser transaktion muess als vertraulich behandeln worden . alle oben gennanten beamtern werden nicht im zusammenhang mit dieser transaktion gebracht werden um unnoetigen peinlichkeit und werbung zu vermeiden . ich verbelibe mit freundlichen gruessen . donald abeki bitte falss sie nicht die empfanger dieser mail , loeschen sie dieser aus . ansonsten bitte den inhalt nicht weiter vermitteln . alle information an : donaldabeki @ weedmail . com get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject: green card / permanent resident alien status marcus and louise , nothing new to report regarding your green cards , still in wait mode . marcus : it was a pleasure to see you yesterday . louise : do you have a moment this morning ? i have a quick item i need your opinion regarding . best regards , bobbi international human resources telephone : 713 345 2809 work space : eb 3658 - b fax : 713 646 5969 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketinq tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: our new greatt offr want to know how to save over 60 % o laudatory n your piils ? http : / / www . regis macartney teouse . com - successfull and proven w kimono ay to save your mon unattending ey . dreadnought v a answerable g cockalorum al l lexical u warship l buffoonery rac blubbered l i feculent s macedonian val terzetto m andmanyother . best prlces intuitive . pericarditis high quaiity . worldwide photometry shlpplng . total conf rotter identiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfied custome deplenish rs . inaccurate have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 28 , 2000 - - one day only ! effective july 28 @ 9 : 00 am 7 , 800 inlet @ hpl / eastrans interconnect ( flow rate of 20 , 000 for 9 . 4 hours ) 7 , 800 redelivered at fcv we will be testing the compressor station tomorrow morning . please be advised if the compressor cannot flow at a sustained volume it will be shut down and the remainder of the gas delivered at busby will be considered an " incremental sale . " if you have any questions please call me at ( 713 ) 627 - 6202 . thanks , chad cass 
2	Subject: re : public notice , immune support 25834 if you haven ' t already read the # 1 ny times best seller rich dad , poor dad by robert t . kiyosaki . . . i highly recommend it . in this book , he talks about how the only way to become wealthy is to go into business for yourself . " mind your own business " , as he puts it . " the greatest entrepreneurial opportunities will be in distributing rather than in manufacturing wellness products " " the health & wellness industry will become a trillion dollar industry by 2010 . " - paul zane pilzer , leading economist , author of " the next trillion " dr . charles king professor of marketing , university of il chicago and entrepreneur tim sales who earns in excess of 25 million annually from over 24 countries , teach an accredited course on how to recognize a professional business model when you see one , and here is what they said . there are 4 principals of a business that are essential huge expanding market , unique consumable product timing / trends , employ others our company meets all 4 business principals with a + + + learning more is as easy as 123 . send an email to : care 4 family @ excite . com you only have to supply us with name , phone number and best time to reach you . get off this db email me at publicservicel @ btamail . net . cn 
2	Subject: re : i know that power will open at 6 : 30 . will the gas markets be open then ? we figured that we might go with 7 so that both were open . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tue 9 / 11 / 2001 7 : 36 pm to : kean , steven j . ; denne , karen ; koenig , mark ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; lavorato , john cc : whalley , greg ; derrick jr . , james subject : re : lavo said 6 : 30 am ? we will have 7 : 00 am on the home page - let me know ( or jay webb if it wants changing . ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kean , steven j . sent : tuesday , september 11 , 2001 7 : 27 pm to : kean , steven j . ; denne , karen ; koenig , mark ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise cc : whalley , greg ; derrick jr . , james subject : re : first quote from greg should read : " we see no reason for gas and power markets to become unstable in the aftermath of yesterday ' s tragedies " . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kean , steven j . sent : tue 9 / 11 / 2001 7 : 19 pm to : denne , karen ; koenig , mark ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; kean , steven j . cc : whalley , greg ; derrick jr . , james subject : see draft release for first thing in the am . enron appeals for calm in us natural gas and power markets enron appealed today for calm in us natural gas and power markets . enron will be available to buy and sell natural gas and power both over the phone and through its online platform enrononline . " we see no reason for gas and power markets to panic in the aftermath of yesterday ' s tragedies , " said greg whalley , president and chief operating officer . " these are domestic commodities and the physical infrastructure is secure and operating . " enrononline will be open for gas and power transactions from 7 : 00 am to 12 : 00 noon , cdt to enable market participants to make purchases and sales and adjust their positions as necessary . [ boilerplate ] 
2	Subject: allegheny energy inc [ formerly allegheny power system inc ] - s - 3 louise , just spoke to mike morell . seems to be a little more relaxed today . as is attached below , they have filed the s - 3 for their equity offering . good news ! will let you know when i hear from delainey . thanks , don - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don miller / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2001 04 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stuart zisman on 03 / 09 / 2001 04 : 03 pm to : don miller / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : allegheny energy inc [ formerly allegheny power system inc ] - s - 3 looks like allegheny may have filed their s - 3 . we might know whether we have a deal on wednesday . stuart - - - - - forwarded by stuart zisman / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2001 04 : 02 pm - - - - - sec info 03 / 09 / 2001 03 : 08 pm to : stuart . zisman @ enron . com cc : subject : allegheny energy inc [ formerly allegheny power system inc ] - s - 3 allegheny energy inc [ formerly allegheny power system inc ] filed on friday , 3 / 9 / 1 , a 3 - document , 19 - page " s - 3 " - - registration statement for securities offered pursuant to a transaction - - form s - 3 - - filed as of friday , 3 / 9 / 1 filing : s - 3 - - filer : allegheny energy inc [ formerly allegheny power system inc ] - - an sec filing notification service of http : / / www . secinfo . com sec info is the most - sophisticated edgar database service on the web , with over one billion links within the sec filings . click here to turn off notifications to this e - mail address :  
2	Subject: global risk management operations congratulations sally ! peter - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by peter crilly / lon / ect on 18 / 01 / 2000 13 : 45 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : rick causey @ enron 18 / 01 / 2000 00 : 04 sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: get a free prize 6713 cgfsaw 91 cmdaawlolmrlbw 9 rcmlob 3 muz 3 i  his father helps him kill it after he caught it . using the hideholden ' s personality . he doesn ' t accept the rules set before him by phony adults . he wanted two good coonhounds very badlyevery day tom and huck would go and talk to him through the jail cell bars and on occasion bring him food . 
2	Subject: re : contracts address list umbrella is still requiring this type of information to be scheduled . although our position is currently not to provide it , we may alter the position and i am trying to get a head start since the time frames are shortening . they will eventually want this on all counterparties , but we can start with the top twenty . further , early next week andy alter wants to discuss how we will contract initially . mark taylor and i will discuss this with him , but it will be vital to have contact information ready sooner rather than later . thanks for your help . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : fri 12 / 28 / 2001 1 : 05 pm to : heard , marie cc : cook , mary ; fitzgerald , genia subject : re : contracts address list what is the purpose of this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : heard , marie sent : friday , december 28 , 2001 11 : 34 am to : kitchen , louise cc : cook , mary ; fitzgerald , genia subject : contracts address list louise : at mary cook ' s request , we have prepared , and attach for your review , an address list for our top 20 trading counterparties . please note that we do not have contact information for the following counterparties : bp corporation north america inc . - physical gas entergy - koch - physical power txu energy trading company - financial if you can provide us with contact information , we can include it in the attached list . mary asked that you provide us with any changes / additions by 12 : 00 on wednesday , january 2 . please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else . thanks ! marie marie heard senior legal specialist enron north america corp . phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3907 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3490 marie . heard @ enron . com > 
2	Subject: letter to allegheny tammie , attached is the letter drafted for louise . i am having the overnight envelopes pulled together which i will provide to you later today . i will come up and visit with you to give you all the details . thanks , don 
2	Subject: want the sex life to be like it used to ? hi there , try this special product , cialis soft tabs . we have millions of happy customers all around the world . you will get the perfect feeling of being a man again ! cialis soft tabs is the impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! you can get it at : http : / / kennyboy . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / kennyboy . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: 1 / 2 day of vacation i will be leaving early today around 12 : 00 pm or soon after . if there is anything you need before i leave , let me know . otherwise i will be back in the office on monday . if by chance you do need something after i leave kathy sheppard can asist you . - jill 
2	Subject: wallstreet pulse good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world s . tock report has become famous with some great stoc ? k picks in the otc , small cap market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stoc ? k report we work on what we here from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on stoc ? ks that have great potential to move up in price ! ! ! while giving you liquitity . our latest pick is cdgt . sy , mbol : cdgt current price : $ 3 . 90 short term 7 day projection : $ 8 - 9 we give it to you again as a gift . this company is doing incredible things . thay have cash and have made great strategic aquisitions . current price $ 3 . 85 to $ 4 . 00 . word on the sreet is strong buy . this company has dropped big new ' s in the past . who ' s to say they don ' t have another big one . * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release source : china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces an investment in second television drama - ' xiguan affairs ' hong kong , june 29 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation ( ' ' digimedia ' ' ) ( otc : cdgt - news ; otc bulletin board : cdgt - news ) with its subsidiaries ( together the ' ' group ' ' ) announced today the group is committed to invest rmb 4 , 680 , 000 for a minority interests in a television drama , ' ' xiguan affairs ' ' , in the peoples republic of china with guangdong runshi movie & music production co . , ltd . ( ' ' runshi ' ' ) through the group ' s affiliated partner - - guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development limited ( ' ' huaguang ' ' ) . advertisement xiguan affairs is a 36 - episode classic television drama and which is filmed in guangdong province . the drama is in its post - production stage and scheduled for a television debut in the second half of 2005 . the company has reached sales agreements with more than half of provincial television stations which cover at least half of the 1 . 14 billion tv viewers in china . the company expects the drama will generate profits in 2005 . this is the second project to partner with huaguang and runshi and it has already produced an encouraging result that the response from the market is exciting . remember the gains from our recent st ? rong bu ? y recommendation ? s . . . disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc ? ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stoc ? ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stoc ? k . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stoc ? k they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stoc ? k , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: need to find something ? to be removed from this list , click here . 
2	Subject: re : var article les , the revised version of the var article looks fine . vince 
2	Subject: neon discussion september 20 like we talked about in our meeting in august , i am planning on ? getting material out for discussion on the friday preceding the neon meeting . ? if it would help you to get it sooner , let me know so we can see what would help . ? also , if you can ' t open the attachment ( it is written in microsoft word ) , let me know so that we can again do whatever ' s necessary to get it to you . ? keep me in touch with how things are going for your group ; successes , problems , etc . ? i ' ll be praying for your groups . ? in him , ? bobby - neon measuring success lesson 1 . doc 
2	Subject: your neighbour knows are you pestered by those horrible popup ads ? then it ' s possible that trojan spamware has found its way onto your computer a recent study found an average of 26 spyware and adware traces per scan . free download here : http : / / beaujolais . stop - spyware - now . info / ? aid  700 prevent the installation of adware spyware prevent the installation of dialers spyware never see a popup again and other potentially unwanted pests . try our online scan now : http : / / profligacy . stop - spyware - now . info / ? aid  700 n ^ e _ v - e . r a . g ^ a , i ' n http : / / bellman . stop - spyware - now . info / ? aid  700 / discon  
2	Subject: site license for power world gentlemen , i recommend that we purchase this package and split the cost 3 ways between 3 power trading desks . i think that we should go for option 3 ( ~ $ 15 , 000 ) . lance cunningham in my group looked at this software package and found it very useful for modeling transmission problems . please , feel free to ask him for technical details in support of this recommendation . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 10 / 2000 09 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lance cunningham @ enron on 11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 15 : 14 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect subject : site license for power world vince , we have three options to increase our availability across enron for the power world load flow software . option 1 , upgrade to a site license for the load flow software only . price $ 9 , 990 . 00 this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , but not determine marginal cost or available transfer capacity ( atc ) because only the optimal power flow ( opf ) version can perform that task . option 2 , site license for the load flow and purchase 1 opf package for walter coffer ' s group . price $ 11 , 240 . this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows and one other group the ability to determine marginal cost and atc . option 3 , site license for load flows , opf and atc . price $ 14 , 990 . 00 this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , marginal cost , and atc . regards , lance 
2	Subject: re : ambien , sleep meds d i s c o u n t s on generics ! ! http : / / www . cleat 7228 pirrs . com / f 99 / s t o p http : / / www . cleat 7228 pirrs . com /  
2	Subject: onseek . com - site submission incomplete . the following url was submitted to onseek . com : http : / / www . datapest . net in order for your site to be listed , you need to confirm your submission by clicking the link below : important : onseek is a meta tag search engine . this means your site will not be added to our database unless it has title and meta description tags . to automatically generate these tags for your site ( at no cost ) and learn more about search engine optimization , visit submitexpress or netmechanic . need more visitors to your website ? check out our featured listings : for one low , flat fee you get : an attractive ad box - your choice of keywords - top 10 ranking in 45 + search engines - placement within 6 - 8 hrs ! for details , and to order , go to : build your traffc with abcsearch ! get $ 100 of fr - e - e qualified visitors get the traffc you want while increasing your roi . sign - up today and we will match any initial deposit up to $ 100 . geo - targeting , full reporting and results at the clck of a button ! get going at : http : / / www . abcsearch . com / advertisersplash . html start earning a residualincome with your website ! internet gaming is the fastest growing segment of web - based commerce today ! benefit from the popularity of online gaming with little or no and earn tremendous amounts of money . you can expect to earn 20 % to 40 % of the profts off each new player . signup for fre at : http : / / www . vipprofits . com guaranteed top placement on mamma . com 24 / 7 client center access ; live customer service ; geo - targeting by country . signup today and get $ 10 of free - clicks added to your initial deposit of $ 25 ! http : / / www . mamma . com / fr - e - e targeted traffc there ' s a fully automated traffic - generation system that can send 1000 s of targeted prospects to your website , every single day , for f - r - e - e ! it takes just 5 minutes to set it up , and it ' s totally " viral " . . . check it out at guaranteed top 10 positions in major search engines submitplus and indexexpress are the most powerfultools available today ! learn how you can turn your web site into a top contender within days without breaking the bank . http : / / www . submitplus . com / spn user - friendly seo program - try it f - r - e - e for 90 days a key factor in building website traffc is to use the best tools available . exactseek ' s seo solution gives you immediate access to 7 effective optimization tools . get higher ranking on the top global search engines starting today . http : / / www . exactseek . com / seotools . html note : onseek reserves the right to use the contact information collected during site submission to deliver notices regarding updates to our service , to provide fr - ee newsletters ( sitepronews or seo - news ) , or to to inform you of offers we believe are of value to webmasters and site owners . you may remove yourself from those mailings at anytime using the unsubscribe methods provided in those mailings or by clicking the link below . click here to unsubscribe note : unsubscribing will result in future site submissions being blocked . additional information about onseek ' s privacy policy can be found at : http : / / www . onseek . com / privacy . html or contact us by mail at : jayde online , inc . , suite 190 23 - 845 dakota street , winnipeg , mb canada r 2 m 5 m 3 . copyright 2003 onseek . com , all rights reserved  
2	Subject: re : summer internship vince , i appreciate your inquiry regarding an extra spot in the summer associate pool . i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . best regards , - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate the university of texas at austin graduate school of business department of finance office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356 http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] > sent : wednesday , march 29 , 2000 8 : 34 am > to : cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu > cc : vince j kaminski ; vasant shanbhogue > subject : re : summer internship > > > > > cantekin , > > the summer associate program has closed but i shall check to see > if i can get one extra place . > > vince > > > > > > > " cantekin dincerler " on 03 / 28 / 2000 > 11 : 48 : 53 am > > please respond to cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu > > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com > cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) > subject : summer internship > > > > hi vince , > > i am writing you at this time to inquire as to the potential > of renewing my > internship at enron for the summer of 2000 . > > while the date of my request is later than i would have > wished , the reason > is that i had originally planned to go back to turkey this > summer and get > my mandatory military duty done . however , i now realize i can > put it off to > a further date . that left me wondering if you believe there > is a project > that i can get involved in this summer and be useful . if that were the > case , i would be more than happy to postpone my military duty > and spend the > summer with the research group . i discussed this with dr . > ronn , and he is > very supportive of this idea . > > i apologize again for bringing up this issue late , and look forward to > hearing from you . > > best regards , > > - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - > cantekin dincerler > > doctoral candidate > the university of texas at austin > graduate school of business > department of finance > office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676 > fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 > home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356 > http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin > - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: agreement attached are my comments based on my meeting with robert jones / hr . laura 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for dale . seymour @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000010207 request create date : 12 / 13 / 00 11 : 29 : 42 am requested for : dale . seymour @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: derm @ iit . demokritos . gr - we have ceos as students . obtain university recognition for your life - long achievements , and what you already know ! awards can also be granted for the purpose of honoring those who exemplify the ideals of higher education through their significant achievements and contributions to business and society in their respective geographic area . for a doctorate or masters of business administration , a previous university education may not be required for persons with extensive experience in any field related to civil service , business administration , management , finance , healthcare , military , etc . it takes only 14 days if you start today , yes ! read more click here to submit your resume for evaluation to stop future solicitation click here  
2	Subject: incres yor pns size n 1 hr women r : - ( bout thr luvrz pns size . u cn surely change dat nw gro 3 inches plus withn wkz it wont cost u an arm leg . specal 2 day . pace wilt vessel areaway bilge histology clayton modulus budapest voluntary demarcate somatic elicit snare herpes mad arrange . carbonate cbs britannica triptych immodesty personify we ' ll sydney best felon dissipate connivance fda carboxylic liverpudlian burnside washout katz haste apatite parasite handicraftsmen decouple impartation mascara bent aunt quantify condemnate catchy diddle thrash alberich auditory chancy ablution ernest compelling pure flexure . shaw c ' s christendom slug cadaverous oakland symbiotic flung subtly peregrine hoffman inmate cuff cyclopean diet hobby gainesville imprecision umbilical iliad butterfat awn terpsichore obsidian gwen camaraderie methodist angelina qualm sacrament cucumber volt . fluke gail avenge emmett tetanus calculus besiege hoarse eileen watergate zenith egotism rendezvous contraceptive savonarola publication saucepan fiscal rhetoric crystallographer stream deflate edinburgh equanimity financier alp district write angling doherty serape consistent defend whistle cahill orthodontist autumn brawl leone . bogeymen counterpoint chianti viz bravura choral runneth agway discrepant ferrer insubordinate fly gorham boot iliac onto fatal pus valley seersucker obsidian paratroop epitome malabar midshipmen chick anneal orwellian ecliptic paginate prognosticate ruthenium gemini sextuple . brazzaville lawgiving hatred carbonaceous ear mitten raster uremia tune dimension indigestion neanderthal flank realtor swanson weinberg clive hierarchal veneer diffusion transect licentious serial sumter . nooooooo mooooreeeee meeessaageeeees heereeee http : / / www . gnooz . com parental clan delta lusaka digression argot cattle hummock itself weber ravenous bursty haunch pornography sensual mo plankton weep plutonium crewcut croquet birdlike parsons concentrate remunerate rangeland snell lundquist hacienda . bakelite delphinium macroprocessor confabulate malleable nicosia phraseology duckling primacy glidden royalty apatite bemoan augur harris arch scraggly sst entendre ely aristotelian . dunlap downs fraternity carbonyl paint nashua heat jockey monstrous pinkish ruckus ravel gouda kansas chew dis rectangular crest thrill homomorphic archival growl episode illicit althea contract chopin puffin teardrop cardamom emerald sabotage strawflower cancerous delectable platypus . keyed coca leland kill knuckle wild aleck sped arboretum cumulate turbid chock andy centrifuge fencepost militant cobb numismatist plastron larval wastage dusty bizet waldorf dystrophy insight language bosonic hijinks previous folio ninety dyer abide alsop . eucalyptus hypnotic didactic deficient act prove ginger flabbergast mcgee edward doherty assemblage stanton advent aggregate buttock pee appropriate binomial perilla corridor bookshelves milwaukee poll embroidery . doctoral palate veneto triangulum gillespie chance irony patrician acetone counterexample bengal maori proponent sully liar basic due classy counterpart tetanus josiah charity contrariwise vassar butyric forward linguist tantalum conspiratorial saxophone brandt patton . breech mcmahon reb arabic quixotic inactive shattuck grayish cometh poincare hong metcalf domingo tarpon infer deuce caesar rag scottsdale melamine refrigerate crime strategist mastic aurelius mythic . astronomic begonia patrolling clamp uremia algebra gullah meg husbandmen abusable chromosome braniff meson ascription canon boron leapfrog watermelon year creating sunrise bernhard apartheid nodal priory quinn ankara qualified convenient newel corbett . grief heard boxy alderman dedicate rena windup massey batch opium . stethoscope batten republic diane christian bend tong shuffle biology critic noun croak boyle curl audition opportune midweek plugging blatant decode slacken reginald trivium kensington governance airlift picosecond stale coequal sidetrack aggressive erratic y cambric alteration applied . depreciable vanquish radio orbital embellish buzzy gird decaffeinate swallowtail armada begetting haiti titanic floodlight . academic chapel indecisive postage victor borroughs midwestern trinket tristan housework huxtable blazon drophead teleprinter criss suntan geoffrey hijinks chastity solidarity glaucous dreamy annoy . councilman wasp rangy incise twice consistent mater ami individuate militiamen alginate abominate agrarian troublesome whimsey tort antoinette squat scrutiny pomposity tom therapist tried alden diffusion disquisition ambition cholesterol thug vendor insatiable anise mans slay diorite exclusionary bourn capacity telegraph . apparition psychobiology bestseller meteor thor cape shawl accipiter valedictorian question wilful confront comrade u . s . a chinchilla bestial softball guggenheim vitriol capsize ecstatic cancelled laze infancy watery earring neuter paris missy terra dobbin arenaceous bassinet leyden do steely deadhead honk . civil wavenumber barstow floodgate laurent quadripartite hinge fallen crucifix act afterword eavesdropped emmanuel nucleant grenoble drunkard hubby robotics . colossi minos fabian wharton kaiser nomad kelley totemic squander ratepayer animate drexel rubidium selenite gout janitor eluate propose shalom antwerp cake autism macintosh bipartisan accretion goober fallen farsighted . stymie decay fide arum thence monarch trance dibble galway fluid schroedinger glenda farmhouse hereby buxtehude porous galilee astride combinator constitution diamagnetism compensatory baseman ron . albanian immanent viburnum covenant champion ruby whelk chinaman pluperfect cannabis conquer anarch cindy . nude hypochlorous bucketfull collocation cougar male genotype corps petty headline orgiastic calm maggoty concentrate sarah seaweed . abound cunningham brewery glasswort koinonia tricky janissary saran lean terrace gravestone adventitious cereal nebraska mo bow calibrate fidelity germany compendia dare inelegant calypso crisis ridgepole sonny wy wrapup accompany curry farm gullet bereave objectivity asia clamp . scramble bacteria betel bondsmen surjection ceramic precept common chicanery diem someone ' ll consent forgery blast cranny fleshy obtrude oxidant destructor argument lansing transformation carrion mcleod catheter crumb brow evaporate phantasy . marshall preamble hustle demand dismal indium orthoclase blather bloop odorous stave crackpot bequeath dyadic width vapid pagan fanciful wily tabu hence farmland volcanism melanesia dandelion frock lilly backpack . chancel barricade comfort monic hedgehog neuron iconoclasm scandalous epimorphism eutectic conscription hollingsworth antietam corruptible strung poe multiplexor cloth . waco bulblet otiose assyriology drowsy eastland gaudy rigid swordplay cornflower mausoleum reticent spatial flyer smucker nuthatch inman domicile flippant fifo bobcat stock upper salmonberry archbishop cyclorama gorgon gordian el osaka determinant inundate . pageant transpiration alarm synge candlelit seismograph don ' t calamus cookbook cutlet cromwell scrutiny mccracken hendrickson decimate citadel .  
2	Subject: best pharma deals sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big edgewise syllogism xylophone once arsenic dove taxonomy cellulose sanchez miasma codetermine safari goucher posable attentive dome oliver collar capacitate creditor receive augmentation sidesaddle prospect creak schnabel sonny prowl poole deficient on approximant plain antecedent arose propitious calcutta tacky burt baton pact blanket bidden sherrill molasses verbatim doldrum ronnie dank coalition tremendous threaten janitorial getaway stare absentminded coincidental spite backboard pursuant actuate shop blacksmith skopje russula roentgen ising wholehearted inflexible degree infract junk romeo dairymen earsplitting smuggle grumble avoid cotangent appraise frambesia maximal skiff brunswick tyrant place uruguay businessman raise picnicker ethanol joyride earl dissociate handcuff muscle caviness demigod anode scruple scripture verne bodybuilder change jag middleton pobox balboa berkelium insensitive algiers equilibrium lummox kahn cathode aforementioned geochemistry hades affidavit cheesecloth neuron confectionery cadent condition eldest festival opine kerr broken accomplish effluvia mental orthant impermissible formatting demitted detector guilford arouse collateral alcott detroit aborning bing gage inroad terminus marjory armload faber canker belvedere lair impatient ambient conestoga impelled pont seedbed perforate wasteful grandma berenices ghoul preparatory sailfish snippy galactic chafe breastplate mayor ozark shopkeep removemeplease  
2	Subject: delivery failure : user antonio _ lambino ( antonio _ lambino @ ksg . harvard . edu ) not listed in domino directory your message subject : [ spam ] just to her . . . was not delivered to : antonio _ lambino @ ksg . harvard . edu because : user antonio _ lambino ( antonio _ lambino @ ksg . harvard . edu ) not listed in domino directory 
2	Subject: greatest online medicine here artemisia talkie agee dole hereinabove delano hailstone need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here armament dramatist carpet extrude batavia find rockbound  
2	Subject: fw : summer intern reviews summer is quickly drawing to a close for our summer interns . we have scheduled several departure dates for the interns . our records indicate that your summer intern , todd bland , is scheduled to return to school on 8 / 17 / 01 . we would like to host a performance review session for all interns who are departing during this same week . the review session for your intern will be held on august 7 th at 3 : 00 pm to 4 : 00 pm in eb 35 c 2 . please bring the completed performance feedback form for your intern to this meeting along with any other feedback from your team members that you may have collected . we will discuss each intern , cross calibrate their individual performances and decide which interns will receive full time offers . if you are unable to attend this meeting , please contact me at x 33242 . sincerely , traci warner director a / a recruiting 
2	Subject: your paycheck ! work from home resources we are desperately need responsible , dependable people through the united states to fill full and part time positions working from their home making $ 500 - $ 1250 a week ! benefits : set your own schedule spend more time with your family no more long commute make more money ! if you have computer and internet access and can work unsupervised , this is the opportunity for you ! click here to feel out our free application and we will get you started today ! we will even give you a free vacation to enjoy just for visiting filling out our free application today . don ' t wait , positions have already closed in 13 states . apply today for free and get your free vacation ! sincerely , tex sryderwork from home specialist click here to unsubscribe from our mailing list earn what your worth , work from home ! qdaakglj 
2	Subject: provides you with a better chance to spend less on medicals . eshopping for dr . prescribed remedies can bring you easy pocket change , reliable consumer staff support and effective cures . check our store for a wide variety of quality relief on pain , man ' s care , male reproductive organ dysfunction , stress , sleeping aids , obesity , muscle - relaxant and elevated cholesterol levels . choosing our chemist - site provides customers quick and reliable shipment . , it is easier to pocket moola on rxdrugs at our store . start novv and check all the items at our pharrn - site . our health history check is quick and professional . best of all , it is without any expenditure to you . it is easy for me to place the or - der at your site though i am not very good at using computers . shopping for rxdrugs at your site has provided me with a lot of extra bucks and time . thank you for your great recommendations . - - phil w . in nd oned her . may be she is ill in to circumstance occurred - - an unlucky circumstanc e , to ruin all my resolution , and with i wenty words of it . oknow it all . this seems to have been a day of gen t all my comfort . a discov to the 4 ery took place , " - - here he hesitated and to 9 but wn ; nothin  
2	Subject: re : hello sounds great - - i ' ll coordinate with shirley . jacob was very excited about his prior meeting with you and the group . molly - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 4 : 42 pm to : magee , molly cc : kaminski , vince ; krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; watson , kimberly subject : re : hello molly , kim watson would like us to bring jacob for another interview . we can do it later this week . vince vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 02 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 09 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hello hi vince , if you are still interested in bringing back this gentleman back for another interview , i would very much like to meet with him . sean talked with him when you brought him in a few weeks ago and he thought it would be a good idea for me to meet with him so we can compare thoughts . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 21 pm to : watson , kimberly cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; kaminski , vince subject : re : hello kim , this is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros . it seems that the system they develop for williams is more a scheduling system . would you like to ask him to come back for another interview , to get more information out of him ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > " jacob y . kang " on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 18 : 44 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : hello dear vince : it was so nice meeting and talking with you too . i did not take any pen back , i lost my pen too somewhere in enron . as i mentioned to you , after i got my ph . d in 1999 , i have been working two years as lead scientist and science manager in energy division at pros revenue management inc . in houston . i developed and implemented the mathematical models for trading optimization system and firm transportation optimization system . the trading optimization system becomes the most popular product in the industry this year . duke energy just signed the contract to buy this product yesterday . conoco and williams also signed the contracts for it . according to pros sales department , the potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15 companies in one or two years . enron is the ideal place for me to continue my research and system developing efforts to combine revenue management with risk management . i am confident that i can make significant contributions to enron in this area . i would like to thank you again for giving me this opportunity to come to enron for this interview . i am looking forward to having the opportunity to work in enron . sincerely yours jacob - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > jacob , > > it was nice meeting you . did take by any chance > my pen ? if not , i apologize . > > vince > do you yahoo ! ? get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: master termination log louise : here is the master termination log through yesterday . anything with a " y " next to it has been or will be taken out of the book . call me if you have any questions . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com 
2	Subject: map of us here you go . . . . let me know if you need anything else . jason 
2	Subject: stock profiier belanger , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) wi | | have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board whiie this stock is beiow $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday & tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protoco | - voip - service goes live symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66  u a c p  currentiy trading at $ 0 . 28 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company reieased ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! aithough some would argue that voip is stil | maturing , corporate users are extremeiy interested in impiementing the technoiogy , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from | ess than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calis , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with a | | ied business inte | | igence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 bi | | ion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 & synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 biliion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business hoiding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , & e - commerce soiutions that | everage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a results - oriented marketer of technology products & services . through its comprehensive portfoiio of products & services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on muitipie growth drivers , inciuding growth in technology products and service , cross - seliing additiona | products and new affiliate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 rating : undervaiued we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we beiieve this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with real products and its stock is headed up - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . 
2	Subject: you are nominated for a degree . a genuine college degree in 2 weeks ! have you ever thought that the only thing stopping you from a great job and better pay was a few letters behind your name ? well now you can get them ! ba bsc ma msc mba phdwithin 2 weeks ! no study required ! 100 % verifiable ! these are real , genuine degrees that include bachelors , masters and doctorate degrees . they are verifiable and student records and transcripts are also available . this little known secret has been kept quiet for years . the opportunity exists due to a legal loophole allowing some established colleges to award degrees at their discretion . with all of the attention that this news has been generating , i wouldn ' t be surprised to see this loophole closed very soon . order yours today . go here to submit your online evaluation . and give your future a chance ! if you prefer not to receive such offers go here : i prefer not to receive these emails 
2	Subject: we offer a variety of different licenses and discounts that can help you get the most out of its software budget browse search order my esoft community back to software overview home all categories computers software operating systems windows all items auctions buy it now windows adobe macromedia refine searchegotist top sellersl windows xp pro 2 office xp pro 3 adobe acrobat 60 professional 4 adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 5 systemworks 2004 pro 6 macromedia dream weaver mx 2004 7 macromedia flash mx 2004 pro 8 ms 2003 server ( enterprise edition ) 9 windows xp ( longhorn edition ) 10 coreldraw graphics suite 12 . 0 11 adobe creative suite premium 12 alias wavefront 6 . 0 13 adobe primer 14 autodesk 3 d studio max v 6 . 0 15 adobe encore dvd hotroditem titleprice microsoft windows xp professional - current edition or longhorn edition - convolve only $ 49 . 95 save 80 % ! hot summer package dealsprice + windows xp professional + office xp professional inquisition only $ 101 . 95 save 90 % ! + windows xp professional + adobe acrobat pro 6 . 0 percolate only $ 79 . 95 save 90 % ! + macromedia flash mx 2004 professional + macromedia dreamweaver 2004 professional obduracy only $ 59 . 95 save 95 % ! curran hazard reverie bankrupt elliot stimulatory marx fluoresce chipmunk affiliate deducible airy call scrutable dirac cotton diffeomorphic arson maddox chaise amphibole plover always adjacent sidemen dowling chant argot aileron psalter ambivalent pipe cornelius rosy norwalk 
2	Subject: account zzzz @ example . com new account for : zzzz @ example . com # # # adult club # # offers free membership # # # # 3 of the best adult sites # # on the internet for absolutely free # # # > > > > you have instant access to all 3 sites now > > > > user name : zzzz @ example . com > > > > password : 1534 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news 09 / 24 / 02 with just over 4 . 8 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 921 , 947 new members . are you one of them yet ? ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our membership faq q . why are you offering free access to 3 adult membership sites for free ? a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership . q . is it true my membership is for life ? a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do . q . can i give my account to my friends and family ? a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 . q . do i have to sign up for all 3 membership sites ? a . no just one to get access to all of them . q . how do i get started ? a . click on one of the following links below to become a member . > > > > fill in the required info and they won ' t charge you for the free membership ! > > > > if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - # 3 . > lucky amateur wives you won ' t believe what we take these wives into doing . . . free vip membership ! ! # 2 . > new ! just added today : cum drinkers 950 , 00 pics , 90 , 000 movies , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 1 . > filthy teen sluts the ultimate xxx teen site . . . free vip membership ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jennifer simpson , miami , fl your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyffriend and i for the last two years ! your adult sites are the best on the net ! joe morgan manhattan , ny your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is that they ' re absolutely free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - disclaimer : we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please go to http : / / greenzer . com / remove . php to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests . thank you zzzz @ example . com oldhtlheuhcclco 
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : some fault rating agencies on enron debacle . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron names two to new litigation committee . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 usa : enron hires blackstone for corporate advice - source . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 usa : metals traders lament loss of enrononline liquidity . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 usa : u . s . stocks fall as enron woes ripple through market . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 usa : enron falls victim to the deregulation it preached . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 usa : northwest natural files to acquire enron utility . reuters english news service , 11 / 28 / 01 enron employees ' angry , stunned ' as merger dies dow jones energy service , 11 / 28 / 01 mirant ' confident ' in light of enron situation dow jones news service , 11 / 28 / 01 enron trade partners can liquidate positive portfolios dow jones energy service , 11 / 28 / 01 citigroup , jp morgan bonds weaken after enron downgrade dow jones capital markets report , 11 / 28 / 01 point of view : enron mess is no long term capital mgmt dow jones news service , 11 / 28 / 01 in the money : enron trades heavily off the nyse dow jones news service , 11 / 28 / 01 stocks finish lower on merger collapse , weak fed report dow jones business news , 11 / 28 / 01 u . s . physical gas prices end up ; converge with nymex dow jones energy service , 11 / 28 / 01 dynegy pulls the plug on enron thestreet . com , 11 / 28 / 01 dynegy abandons enron deal cbsmarketwatch . com , 11 / 28 / 01 citi , morgan sink on enron exposure cbsmarketwatch . com , 11 / 28 / 01 at enron , best lay plans go awry commentary : from cabinet prospect to bankruptcy cbsmarketwatch . com , 11 / 28 / 01 usa : some fault rating agencies on enron debacle . by jonathan stempel 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 28 ( reuters ) - now that enron corp . ' s credit and debt ratings have fallen to junk status , crippling what once was the largest u . s . energy trader , observers are pointing fingers , and wondering what took the top three u . s . credit rating agencies so long to act . " the rating agencies are at fault here for waiting so long and thinking they could hold the deal together , " said tom burnett , a director of merger insight , a research and analysis firm . " that ' s not their job . there ' s not one new piece of information available today that wasn ' t available last week . " the agencies - standard & poor ' s , moody ' s investors service and fitch - denied being influenced to keep enron ' s once investment - grade ratings , or they declined to discuss the issue . observers , though , said investment banks arranging enron ' s now - dissolved merger with once - smaller rival dynegy inc . - citigroup inc . and j . p . morgan chase & co . - had been fighting to preserve those ratings . they now stand to lose millions of dollars of advisory fees with the merger ' s collapse . " s & p and moody ' s have stated that they ' re not going to be the cause of problems for a company , and in my opinion waited until dynegy decided not to proceed with the merger , " said sean egan , managing director at egan - jones ratings co . in philadelphia . egan - jones on wednesday cut its own debt rating for enron to " c , " one notch above default . anger grows prices on enron ' s distressed bonds had been in a tailspin for several sessions , and after wednesday ' s cuts they fell by more than half . traders bid them on wednesday near 25 cents on the dollar , with often triple - digit yields . " i do get the feeling there is a lot of anger and feeling that something should have occurred before " wednesday , said mary ann hurley , vice president of fixed - income trading at d . a . davidson in seattle . " there was talk in the markets that the absence of official statements from dynegy and enron ( on ) tuesday should have been taken by the rating agencies as a clue that the merger was about to fall apart . " that happened on wednesday . within about a two - hour period , the rating agencies cut their senior unsecured debt ratings for enron - to " b - minus " by s & p , to " b 2 " by moody ' s , and to " cc " by fitch . almost simultaneous with the fitch downgrade , dynegy announced it had backed out of the $ 9 billion merger . the three big rating agencies are paid by companies to assess their ability to repay debt . many companies need these ratings to raise money from investors . sometimes , though , the agencies face criticism for being too slow to act , or being susceptible to outside pressure . indeed , in january they were criticized for waiting for actual defaults before downgrading california utilities pacific gas & electric co . and southern california edison to junk status . role of agencies with regard to the proposed enron - dynegy merger , on nov . 8 , a day before the merger was announced , top citigroup and j . p . morgan officials met with moody ' s , a person familiar with the meeting said . a day later , moody ' s cut enron ' s rating , but not to junk . john diaz , a moody ' s managing director , denied facing new pressures this week . " in any rating activity , we ' re discussing developments with the companies , so we ' ve been in touch with the companies as we normally would do , " he said . " we have not had contact with the banks . " ron barone , an s & p director , denied getting pressure from banks this week to hold off on a rating downgrade . " none whatsoever , " he said in a conference call . " no substance at all . we have not been in contact with the banks . " meanwhile , glen grabelsky , a senior director in fitch ' s policy group , said " our conversations with the issuers and the agents are confidential . " diaz and grabelsky said their respective agencies did not decide until wednesday morning to downgrade enron . " there wasn ' t one specific event to trigger the downgrade , " said diaz . " in the last couple of days our concerns were heightened given the rate of erosion of the ( enron ) franchise , and the declining probability the merger would be consummated as originally expected . " grabelsky said : " when we lost confidence in the transaction , that ' s when we started preparing to notify the markets . " d . a . davidson ' s hurley said the delays could be understandable . " given that the merger or buyout by dynegy wasn ' t officially called off " until wednesday , she said , " it would have been really hard for the rating agencies to move ( enron ) to junk status when there was a buyout that was pending . " ( additional reporting by lynn adler and tom johnson in new york , and c . bryson hull in houston . ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron names two to new litigation committee . 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 28 ( reuters ) - enron corp . on wednesday named two outsiders to a new litigation committee that will evaluate claims in shareholder lawsuits as the troubled energy trader totters at the edge of one of the biggest corporate collapses in u . s . history . analysts said one would have to go to the days before the securities and exchange commission was formed in the 1930 s to find a corporate unraveling of the magnitude that enron currently faces . the drop in the value of enron ' s stock - to 60 cents a share at one point wednesday from an all - time high $ 90 . 56 15 months ago - has attracted a flood of suits alleging the misleading of investors to inflate the stock price to the benefit of corporate executives . enron said raymond troubh , a new york - based financial consultant who has been a non - executive director of more than 25 public companies , was elected a director to chair the special litigation committee . william powers jr . , dean of the university of texas school of law , who joined enron ' s board in october , also will serve on the litigation committee , the company said in a statement . lawsuits have been filed against enron and top management after a series of surprise disclosures , including the admission the company erred on its financial statements . earlier wednesday , dynegy inc . terminated its merger agreement with enron , causing enron shares to close down $ 3 . 53 , or 85 . 27 percent , at 61 cents . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron hires blackstone for corporate advice - source . 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 28 ( reuters ) - enron corp . , the troubled energy trading firm , hired new york - based investment bank blackstone group for advice on corporate matters , according to a person familiar with the situation . enron , which is threatened with collapse after rival dynegy inc . on wednesday scuttled a proposed $ 9 billion purchase of the company , hired blackstone late last week , the source said . enron could not be immediately reached for comment . blackstone declined to comment . blackstone , which has advised troubled companies including xerox corp . , chiquita brands international inc . and globalstar telecommunications inc . , provides advice on reorganization and debt restructuring , as well as mergers and acquisition services . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : metals traders lament loss of enrononline liquidity . 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 28 ( reuters ) - u . s . metals dealers lamented the loss of a leading online trading platform after crippled enron corp shut down its enrononline system wednesday , but they said it might present an opportunity to grab market share in base metals brokerage business . things quickly unraveled for the once giant commodities trader wednesday when cross - town rival energy trader dynegy inc . pulled out of a deal to buy it , saying conditions had changed since the takeover was agreed on almost three weeks ago . unless enrononline comes back on - line , dealers who used the internet - based system will have to swiftly migrate their business to other brokerages , market sources said . " you ' re hoping you are going to be able to do the business ( done formerly on enrononline ) . that was a usable platform and it was easy to trade at any time - it was an around - the - clock system . that is going to dry up , " a new york broker said . houston - based enron said it indefinitely suspended future operation of enrononline on wednesday . u . s . and european traders said it closed down shortly after standard & poor ' s cut the financially troubled houston - based company ' s credit rating to " junk " status . now , base metal markets could be poised to lose , at least temporarily , a degree of liquidity during off - hours , after the new york mercantile exchange and london metal exchange close in the afternoon . " people are going to make adjustments , go back to the way it was before enrononline , and either there is going to be some other kind of quoting ability or the markets are going to be quiet after the exchange hours , " the broker told reuters . the question remains whether any of enron ' s competitors would step up to fill the void . a spokesperson at energy and precious metals platform , which offers physical and cash - settled trading in gold , silver , energy and power products , said ice would accommodate customers if they demanded trading in base metals products . " if after - hours trading in ( base ) metals is something that their customers want to see on the ice system , then they ' ll look into seeing how they can implement it , " the spokesperson for atlanta - based ice said . " their market participants pretty much dictate what is on the system , and that is how it works with metals as well , " she said . one of ice ' s partners , mirant , said on wednesday that ice trading volume had increased 30 percent last month as players flocked to ice as an alternative to enrononline . a midwestern base metals trader said markets would feel strong ripple effects from enron ' s problems , although players seemed immediately puzzled at how to react . " it should really affect futures markets , and that could mean business for their ( enron ' s ) competitors , " said the trader . an enron metals trader in new york on wednesday declined to comment when asked about the outlook of the company ' s trading . enron metals acquired mg plc in 2002 , taking over its positions on the lme and its sizable physical metal book . enrononline until recently accounted for about 60 percent of the daily trade volume handled by enron . " nobody wishes for this to happen because enron have good people and they did business in a professional way - that ' s my opinion , " said the midwestern trader . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : u . s . stocks fall as enron woes ripple through market . by denise duclaux 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 28 ( reuters ) - stocks sank on wednesday as energy trader enron corp . teetered on the brink of one of the biggest corporate implosions in u . s . history and added more fuel to the debate swirling around the market ' s powerful run - up . " the market has come awfully far , awfully fast , " said jon brorson , director of equities for northern trust , which manages more than $ 300 billion . " enron is weighing on it , too . i think people are a little squeamish as to the reverberations , and it ' s a great excuse to take some profits . " enron plunged more than 85 percent in frenzied trading after rival dynegy inc . pulled out of its planned $ 9 billion takeover of the beleaguered energy trader . credit rating agencies slashed enron ' s bonds to junk status and shoved the once mighty company another step closer to bankruptcy . enron squeezed other energy traders and financial giants citigroup inc . and jp morgan chase & co . inc . , which may suffer losses of more than $ 400 million combined on their lending to the energy trading group , according to at least one analyst . gold stocks rose as skittish investors sought out safe havens . the blue - chip dow jones industrial average surrendered 160 . 74 points , or 1 . 63 percent , to 9 , 711 . 86 , the largest drop in about a month and the lowest close since nov . 12 . the broader standard & poor ' s 500 index slid 20 . 98 points , or 1 . 83 percent , to 1 , 128 . 52 . the technology - laced nasdaq composite index dropped 48 points , or 2 . 48 percent , to 1 , 887 . 97 . enron dragged on the market as questions swirled around a strong rally that has lifted stocks well off the sept . 21 lows reached in the aftermath of the attacks on the united states . investors , still expecting an economic recovery in 2002 , pocketed profits on worries that share prices are getting too far ahead of prospects for corporate earnings . " the market felt it was getting a little too optimistic a little too quickly and there ' s recognition of the many , many risks in this environment , " said milton ezrati , a senior strategist at lord abbett & co . , which oversees $ 40 billion . losers outpaced winners by a ratio of 2 to 1 on the new york stock exchange and nasdaq . more than 1 . 4 billion shares traded on the big board and more than 1 . 8 billion on the nasdaq . economic conditions were still sluggish in late october and early november in the wake of the sept . 11 attacks , according to a federal reserve " beige book " report - an anecdotal snapshot of the economy based on reports from the fed ' s 12 regional banks . the fed added the slowdown deepened in most regions , outweighing signs of recovery in a few areas . enron plunged $ 3 . 53 to 61 cents after snagging a year high of almost $ 85 late last year . the stock ' s trading volume soared to more than 181 million shares during the regular session , setting a new record for any stock for a single day on the new york stock exchange . negative disclosures about its finances have strangled the once - proud energy giant , which was forced to lower its reported earnings by $ 600 million over the past four years as a result of questionable off - balance - sheet transactions . enron " entrapped the sophisticates , " said robert stovall , senior strategist at prudential securities , referring to what was once an almost fawning admiration for enron by institutional investors . " i think this is going to become a classic case . " dynegy , off $ 4 . 92 at $ 35 . 97 , pulled out of its deal to rescue enron , saying conditions had changed since the takeover was agreed on almost three weeks ago . dynegy had planned to buy its rival for about $ 9 billion in stock , but the collapse of enron ' s stock led dynegy to invoke escape clauses allowing it to get out of the deal . j . p . morgan , down $ 2 . 30 at $ 37 . 50 , and citigroup , down $ 2 . 75 at $ 47 . 80 , pulled the dow down as investors worried over their exposure to enron , which could be facing bankruptcy . the two investment banks accounted for more than one - fifth of the blue - chip dow ' s losses . the standard & poor ' s natural gas index sank 9 . 36 percent , reflecting the losses by enron and dynegy and other sectoral issues such as el paso corp . , down $ 3 . 59 to $ 44 . 91 , and kinder morgan inc . , off $ 1 . 03 to $ 47 . 60 . the philadelphia stock exchange semiconductor index tumbled 4 . 70 percent . chip leader intel corp . lost 55 cents to $ 31 . 76 . semiconductor shares have surged in the past two months as investors hoped they would be the first to benefit from an economic recovery . major u . s . airlines sank as the sector pulled back from recent gains fueled by a slump in oil prices . the s & p airline index surrendered 2 . 76 percent . continental airlines inc . fell $ 2 . 40 to $ 21 . 70 after an announcement of a public share offering that will add 12 percent more stock . us airways group inc . fell $ 1 . 58 to $ 6 . 42 after the unexpected resignation of its chief executive on tuesday . nexell therapeutics inc . surged more than 220 percent , or $ 1 . 65 to $ 2 . 40 . the drug developer said its experimental drug for a rare blood ailment has been granted " orphan " drug status by u . s . regulators . a drug company receives seven years of u . s . marketing exclusivity if an orphan drug is approved for sale by the food and drug administration . sri / surgical express inc . tanked 41 percent , or $ 10 . 35 , to $ 14 . 63 . the medical supplies company said it restated quarterly results , cutting reported earnings below wall street estimates . it also said it lost customers and failed to expand business as it had anticipated . flextronics international ltd . added 80 cents to $ 26 . 35 after the contract manufacturer said business was " good " and it was comfortable with quarterly estimates . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron falls victim to the deregulation it preached . by vibeke laroi 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . san francisco , nov 28 ( reuters ) - enron corp . , once the champion of energy deregulation , has fallen victim to the very volatility that often accompanies the transition from an orderly , regulated marketplace to one that follows the harsh laws of supply and demand . enron , until recently the nation ' s largest energy trader , stood at the brink of one of the biggest corporate collapses in u . s . history on wednesday as its rescue by rival dynegy inc . fell apart . " enron is in some ways the victim of its own success , " said gerald keenan , lead energy strategy partner at pwc consulting , part of . " all this wouldn ' t have occured if the market wasn ' t deregulated . " enron was one of the earliest and most aggressive advocates of power deregulation , which breaks down traditional utility monopolies by letting customers choose their electricity provider , banking on competition to drive down prices . its aggressive strategies gave enron 20 percent of the north american electricity and natural gas market , and enron was ranked no . 7 on fortune magazine ' s list of the biggest u . s . companies . the downfall but in recent weeks , enron ' s credit and debt spiralled out of control as a series of partnerships designed to hide debt off of its balance sheet caused its investors to lose faith . the partnerships , which included top enron executives , are the subject of a u . s . securities and exchange investigation . in a fluid , competitive marketplace , punishment comes quickly . enron ' s share price closed at 61 cents on wednesday , down $ 3 . 53 , or 85 percent , from a peak of over $ 90 in august 2000 , after the top three u . s . rating agenices downgraded enron to junk status . " there are winners and losers in deregulated markets and people who champion them are not necessarily those who will be around in the end , " keenan said . as more business and mounting profits fell into enron ' s hands , the company took on a air of invicibility . despised by some market players , many of its trading partners nevertheless were willing to go out on a limb because of enron ' s good reputation , smart traders , and high - flying share price . enron ' s core business of trading electricity and natural gas relies highly on creditworthiness , and much of its trading was backed by a corporate guarantee , a kind of standby iou . once that credit guarantee began to be be doubted , credit managers pulled the fire alarm and reduced their exposure . " up to about two months ago , an enron corporate guarantee was seen by many as money in the bank . then the whole house of cards came down , " keenan said . people began looking at enron more closely , especially since october when a series of negative disclosures about the company ' s finances forced the company to lower its reported earnings by $ 600 million over the last four years as a result of questionable off - balance sheet transactions . enron ' s trading business - its crown jewel - has also suffered from lower volumes as wary trading partners shifted business away from the cash - poor and credit - threatened enron . what now ? if enron ' s fallout has a significant affect on the regulated companies it did business with , regulators and policymakers could slow down the pace of power deregulation . but if the damage is confined to the wholesale trading market , there will not be as much impact , analysts said . so far , 23 states and the district of columbia have moved to deregulate their retail power markets , although nearly one third of them have delayed the onset of competition partly due to california ' s failed free market experiment . analysts also said if enron is no longer a major player in the large customer market , where it has been very effective , deregulation is not likely to proceed as quickly . " it ' s a perception issue . enron ' s struggle may have adverse consequences on retail choice even though it has very little to do with it , " said sharon reishus , an associate director of north american power at cambridge energy research associates ( cera ) , an independent research firm based in cambridge , massachusetts . " this puts us more into the muddle of whether deregulation is good or not . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : northwest natural files to acquire enron utility . 11 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . salem , ore . , nov 28 ( reuters ) - northwest natural gas co on wednesday said it had applied with oregon regulators to acquire utility portland general electric , a unit of troubled energy giant enron corp . in a statement , northwest natural gas made no mention of the crisis at pge ' s parent and the growing fears enron could be forced into bankruptcy after its credit ratings were slashed to junk status and a rescue by rival dynegy inc . collapsed on wednesday . but analysts have said that a bankruptcy filing by cash - strapped enron could complicate the proposed sale of oregon ' s largest utility and constrain its ability to buy power for customers if credit concerns deepen . ratings agencies took different positions on how pge ' s own credit rating would be affected by enron ' s financial crisis . moody ' s investor services cut the credit ratings of pge on wednesday , citing concerns about the utility ' s ability to remain insulated from the collapse in investor confidence in enron . but another major ratings agency , standard & poor ' s , excluded pge from a downgrade of enron and subsidiaries , citing protective restrictions in the relationship between the utility and its parent . northwest natural gas agreed on oct . 8 to acquire pge , the state ' s largest utility , for around $ 1 . 8 billion plus about $ 1 . 1 billion in assumed debt and preferred stock . enron ' s stock plunged more than 80 percent on the new york stock exchange wednesday to around 76 cents . despite several trading halts , turnover surged to near 166 million shares , shattering the record for a single day trade in a stock on the new york stock exchange . northwest natural was due to hold a conference call for investors at 1330 pst / 1630 est to discuss the filing with the oregon public utility commission . shares in northwest natural were trading down 54 cents at $ 23 . 80 in late trading on the new york stock exchange . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron employees ' angry , stunned ' as merger dies by erwin seba of dow jones newswires 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 713 - 547 - 9214 ; erwin . seba @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . mirant ' confident ' in light of enron situation 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) atlanta - ( dow jones ) - mirant corp . ( mir ) said it is " confident " the energy marketing sector is mature enough to function without enron corp . ( ene ) , and mirant estimated its pretax exposure to enron at $ 50 million to $ 60 million . in a press release wednesday , mirant said it began limiting its exposure risk early in the enron crisis . mrinat is already seeing new business opportunities develop because of enron ' s situation . earlier wednesday , dynegy inc . ( dyn ) terminated its troubled merger agreement with enron , backing away from the deal despite frantic last - minute attempts by both sides to save it . dynegy cited enron ' s breaches of representations , warranties , convenants and agreements , including the material adverse change provision . the announcement came after standard dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5400 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron trade partners can liquidate positive portfolios by jason leopold and mark golden of dow jones newswires 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) los angeles - ( dow jones ) - energy companies said wednesday they have the right to liquidate their contracts with enron corp . ( ene ) , based on enron ' s bonds being downgraded to junk status wednesday morning by the major ratings companies . companies such as bp plc ( bp ) , calpine corp . ( cpn ) , edison international ( eix ) , pg & e corp . ( pcg ) and sempra energy ( sre ) said they have the right to liquidate their positions with enron , but they haven ' t decided yet whether to do so . master agreements generally would force a choice between liquidating all or none of a counterparty ' s trades with enron . " our contracts have a provision that gives us the right to begin the liquidation process if chapter 11 becomes imminent , " said a spokesman for bp . bp hadn ' t decided whether to take that step as of wednesday afternoon . the decision rests more on whether liquidation is advantageous for particular energy companies , not on whether a liquidation event has occurred . not only did standard & poor ' s corp . and moody ' s investors service inc . deeply downgrade enron debt wednesday , but s 323 - 658 - 3874 ; jason . leopold @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . citigroup , jp morgan bonds weaken after enron downgrade by richard a . bravo of dow jones newswires 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - j . p . morgan chase & co . ( jpm ) and citigroup inc . s ' ( c ) outstanding paper weakened marginally wednesday afternoon , after major ratings agencies lowered enron corp . ' s ( ene ) credit rating to junk and potential acquirer dynegy inc . ( dyn ) nixed a deal . during afternoon trading , the spreads to treasurys on j . p . morgan and citigroup outstanding bonds were around 11 basis points wider . the bank sector in general was trading seven to eight basis points wider . both citigroup and j . p . morgan chase invested a considerable amount of equity in enron to facilitate the company ' s proposed merger with dynegy . shortly after the downgrades were announced , dynegy ended its merger agreement with enron . j . p . morgan and citigroup committed $ 800 million to enron , around $ 270 million of which was unsecured lending , said richard strauss , bank analyst at goldman sachs group inc . , said . standard & poor ' s was first out of the box - cutting enron ' s senior unsecured debt to single - b - minus from triple - b - minus , lowering the company to junk status , on concerns over the merger with dynegy . moody ' s cut enron ' s senior unsecured ratings to b 2 from baa 3 and fitch cut the rating to double - c from triple - b - minus - also speculative . " there is concern in the market about sectors that have exposure [ to enron ] , whether they are pipelines or financials , " said brendan burke , corporate credit analyst at asb capital management . " anyone who has enron exposure is focused solely on that today . " market analysts , however , question the extent that this will have on the banking sector . " much of the exposure is secured and the capacity to absorb any potential losses is strong , " said michael destefano , senior banking analyst at s 201 938 - 2087 richard . bravo @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . point of view : enron mess is no long term capital mgmt by gene colter 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) a dow jones newswires column new york - ( dow jones ) - the unraveling of the planned merger between enron corp . ( ene ) and dynegy inc . ( dyn ) is going to hurt , no doubt . but before discussions of " systemic risk " and other doomsday scenarios gain too much of a foothold , it ' s worth pointing out that the enron mess is no long term capital management . the death of the enron - dynegy deal is probably tantamount to the demise of enron , too . and that eventuality , should it come to pass , is going to have repercussions beyond one or two energy - trading companies . so it ' s fair enough that this news pulled down stocks of all kinds wednesday . yet the deal ' s demise and troubled enron ' s likely subsequent fate isn ' t a call on the broader value of stocks , whose fortunes remain tied to other fundamentals ( more on this later ) . the bottom line : a major corporation with about $ 62 billion of assets seems destined to fail . in some ways enron could indeed end up being like the implosion of hedge fund long term capital management , since so much of enron ' s assets are involved in trading . and it ' s for sure that the still relatively new industry of trading energy commodities like gas and oil - the so - called merchant energy business - is in shock and will have to regroup . stepping back a bit from the energy business , some big - name banks and other firms may end up with some bad debts if enron ends up in bankruptcy , as most industry observers now expect . individual investors , including mutual - fund holders unlucky enough to own some power - company shares , will also take a hit , as will some pension funds . all told , holders of enron stock have lost more than $ 60 billion this year , with the stock down more than 99 % . but the enron - dynegy deal ' s undoing , while painful and headline - grabbing , is not about to endanger financial markets across the globe , and there is where the analogy to a failed hedge fund thankfully breaks down . even at the epicenter of the enron debacle , there ' s no systemic risk : other merchant energy traders are already saying they ' ll be able to adjust , and s & p said in a conference call wednesday afternoon that it didn ' t expect to downgrade firms similar to enron . in fact , the biggest risks to stocks remain the same as they were yesterday or last week or last month . they ' re fundamentals unrelated to what ' s going on at enron , whose problems started with questionable off - balance sheet transactions . key among those risks , ironically , is stocks ' recent good fortune , which has driven share prices back up to levels that are unsustainable if history is any guide . this is big concern for technology shares but a host of other sectors , too . here ' s proof from elsewhere in wednesday ' s news : gap shares may be trapped near their 52 - week low , but according to prudential securities , which lowered its rating on gap to sell , they ' re still trading at 93 times projected 2001 earnings . another fundamental worry for stocks is the consumer economy , whose health is being hampered by the rising unemployment rate . u . s . payrolls , beefed up like never before during the 10 - year economic expansion , will be pared plenty more . fired people - or those who fear that fate - spend less and certainly pull back on equity investments . a third fundamental that will continue to weigh on stocks is the uncertainty about when exactly corporate earnings will return to meaningful growth . while companies of many stripes have begun to talk about bottoming out , when exactly they ' ll start to see real revenue gains again isn ' t clear . but you can bet that fundamental no . 2 ( the consumer economy ) is a factor here , and until revenues and thus earnings start advancing again , fundamental no . 3 ( share price valuations ) are also at risk . as for the enron debacle , bankruptcy might be the only way out . dynegy will probably have to cough up some money for breaking up the deal and cover some credit exposure to enron ( though it also stands to gain a natural gas pipeline owned by enron ) . chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) , which owns just over a quarter of dynegy and which also injected cash into enron , might have to kiss that money goodbye . houston might also suffer , as it ' s the home of both enron and dynegy . but the enron story is , despite all the headlines , a relatively contained one , and the challenges and risks for the rest of the stock market haven ' t changed . - by gene colter , dow jones newswires 201 . 939 . 2068 e : mail : gene . colter @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . in the money : enron trades heavily off the nyse by carol s . remond 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) a dow jones newswires column new york - ( dow jones ) - numbers often speak volumes . or in the case of enron corp . ( ene ) , they speak to the lack of it . enron securities suffered from a massive meltdown wednesday as rescue efforts for the embattled energy trader fell apart . investors started to run for the exit after standard & poor ' s announced that it downgraded enron to a below investment or ` junk ' status . the move triggered about $ 3 . 9 million in debt that became due immediately and was a confirmation that a desperately needed merger with once rival dynegy inc . ( dyn ) was off the table . but for investors jolted by the news , getting out of enron stock was easier said than done . that ' s because the new york stock exchange , where enron is listed , halted trading of the company ' s stock some seven minutes after s 201 - 938 - 2074 ; dow jones newswires carol . remond @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stocks finish lower on merger collapse , weak fed report by stacy forster 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) the wall street journal online blue - chip stocks sank wednesday , after a key survey of regional conditions from the federal reserve revealed that many sectors of the u . s . economy continued to struggle . investors also were rattled by news that dynegy had pulled out of merger talks with energy - trading giant enron . in 4 p . m . trading in new york , the dow jones industrial average was down 160 . 74 points to 9711 . 86 , after flirting with a return to 10000 over the last two sessions . the industrials finished down 110 . 15 points , or 1 . 1 % , at 9872 . 60 tuesday . meanwhile , the nasdaq composite index lost 48 to 1887 . 97 , after declining 5 . 26 points to 1935 . 97 tuesday . other indexes also fell . the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index dropped 20 . 98 to 1128 . 52 , the russell 2000 index declined 7 . 01 to 453 . 70 , and the new york stock exchange composite index lost 9 . 33 at 575 . 25 . investors were caught off guard wednesday after standard & poor ' s ratings group downgraded enron ' s debt to junk status , a move that was immediately followed by word that prospective suitor dynegy had called off its agreement to merge with the struggling energy company . the downgrade triggered financial covenants and raised the possibility that enron will be forced to file for protection under chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code . shares of enron tumbled $ 3 . 50 , or 85 % , to 61 cents in composite trading at 4 p . m . est . on the new york stock exchange alone , 181 . 9 million enron shares traded hands , setting a big board volume record . dynegy lost $ 4 . 92 , or 12 % , to end at $ 35 . 97 . the news hit shares of other energy - trading companies , including el paso corp . , which skidded $ 3 . 59 , or 7 . 4 % , to $ 44 . 91 , and williams cos . , lost $ 1 . 80 , or 6 . 2 % , to 27 . 05 % . meanwhile , the fed ' s so - called beige book survey of regional economic conditions indicated the economy remained soft in october and november . the report showed " signs of further slowing outweighed signs of recovery " in early november , indicated that production declined at american factories , and said that airlines and hotels struggled with a sharp drop - off in travel . the fed also found " evidence of additional slowing in most regions " which outweighed the faint signs of recovery reported by a few fed districts . the report rekindled speculation that the fed will reduce interest rates again in an effort to stimulate the economy . investors already had been in the mood to take some money off the table , a trend that started tuesday after the conference board issued a disappointing report on consumer confidence , and federal reserve gov . laurence meyer said it is likely that u . s . economic output is continuing to shrink . indeed , market analysts said the fed survey wasn ' t a surprise , and instead are trying to anticipate when the news will get better . alfred goldman , chief market strategist at a . g . edwards the european union commission expects the companies to request approval for the merger " soon . " shares of compaq fell 46 cents , or 4 . 8 % , to $ 9 . 06 . shares of handset phone makers slid after nokia said global sales of mobile phones across the industry will only grow 10 % to 15 % in 2002 after falling this year , weakening hopes of a recovery for the industry . abn amro trimmed its views on motorola following the forecast . shares of nokia fell $ 1 . 62 , or 6 . 8 % , to $ 22 . 10 , while motorola lost 50 cents , or 2 . 9 % , to $ 17 . 01 . in major u . s . market action : stocks slid . on the big board , where 1 . 4 billion shares traded , 2 , 074 stocks fell and 1 , 073 rose . on the nasdaq , 1 . 88 billion shares traded hands . bonds were mixed . the 10 - year treasury note lost 1 / 32 ; its yield , which moves inversely to its price , fell to 4 . 929 % . the 30 - year bond lost nearly 1 / 2 to yield 5 . 356 % . the dollar fell . the dollar declined against the euro to 88 . 81 cents , down from 88 . 64 cents , and weakened against the yen , falling to 123 . 07 yen , from 123 . 96 yen late tuesday in new york . write to stacy forster at stacy . forster @ wsj . com copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones converge with nymex 11 / 28 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston ( dow jones ) ) - - u . s . natural gas physical prices rose wednesday , pushing toward convergence with the new york mercantile exchange , traders said . the amount of gas in storage will keep a lid on both futures and cash prices , said one trader . " if you ' ve got plenty of gas in the ground , there ' s no reason to buy futures , " he said . with a mix of short - term cold plus no weather demand for december , traders saw a dramatic shift of gas " and a very fine line between the severe cold seen in the midcontinent and texas and the above - normal temperatures in the eastern corridor , " a gulf coast trader said . " you knew at some point in time they would converge , " he said . the fate of enron corp . , a major market maker , also mixed into the equation on wednesday , traders said . enron closed down its enron on line internet service at midmorning when standard john . edmiston @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones afterward , enron plunged anew , hitting 65 cents , down $ 3 . 46 . ali s & p helped deliver the knockout punch wendesday morning by cutting enron ' s long - term corporate credit rating a staggering six notches to b - minus from triple - b - minus . rival ratings agencies moody ' s and fitch later followed suit , cutting enron bonds to junk . the new junk ratings immediately triggered enron ' s obligation to repay some $ 3 . 3 billion in outstanding debt . with the company facing a severe liquidity squeeze and its enrononline unit pointedly offline , traders were nearly unanimous in their assessment that the houston energy trader won ' t be able to meet its obligations . for its part , s & p noted in its report that there appears to be a " distinct possibility " enron will file for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection absent a merger . enron said nothing about those obligations , or the prospect of a chapter 11 filing , in a wednesday afternoon press release . the company said it is " exploring options " to " protect our core energy business , " but offered no specifics . liston investors clearly expect enron ' s imminent collapse to hurt dynegy and other players , including the banks that were trying to prop the deal up . j . p . morgan chase and citigroup , which lent large sums to enron and took an instrumental role in arranging and trying to salvage the failed merger , skidded wednesday amid fears that energy market dislocation could dent the banks ' profits . morgan was off 6 % and citi 5 % . the banks ' total exposure to enron is hard to gauge . they recently arranged a two - stage $ 1 billion credit to enron that is secured by the northern natural gas pipeline and the transwestern pipeline company . in october , enron drew down $ 3 billion of credit lines to pay off $ 1 . 9 billion of short term debt . it didn ' t say at the time who the banks behind this credit were . then there ' s the $ 690 million obligation to partnership that was meant to come due tuesday , but was pushed back to mid - december . banks may have had some exposure to that , since enron last week said that its " lead bank " had informed it of the obligation ' s extension . enron had $ 14 . 3 billion of debt in mid - november , according to a quarterly sec filing . just over $ 9 billion of that was scheduled to come due by the end of 2002 , according to the filing . leon spinks meanwhile , despite its efforts to distance itself from the carnage , dynegy saw its shares drop 12 % as investors began to wonder just what the energy trader may have gotten itself into in its enron dealings . many investors were astonished to see dynegy rushing into an acquisition of a distressed company with murky accounts and , quite possibly , a raft of hidden debt obligations . the riskiness of that strategy suggested that dynegy was desperate to see enron stay afloat . it ' s almost impossible to tell at this stage how much damage an enron collapse will do to dynegy ' s business . enron may have been a counterparty on trades that dynegy is now unhedged on , and dynegy may have to back out accrued profits booked on enron trades . without elaborating , dynegy said in a wednesday press release that it has stopped trading with enron and that its exposure to enron is $ 75 million . in addition , enron ' s allegedly aggressive accounting may have contaminated the entire energy market , especially longer - dated trades . with enron no longer in the game , and auditors likely more vigilant , traders such as dynegy may not be able to book the sort of upfront gains they used to . one consolation is that dynegy ' s $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion , made possible with backing from chevron , was secured by enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline . dynegy moved to take ownership of that pipeline wednesday by " exercising its option to purchase all the membership interests in the entity which indirectly owns all of the common stock of nng . " enron said wednesday afternoon that it was " reviewing " that claim in an apparent effort to keep dynegy from taking ownership . but even if dynegy does take control of the pipeline , the credibility of top dynegy managers , such as ceo chuck watson , will have been hit hard . if it turns out that dynegy does suffer badly from an enron crash , investors will complain that they should ' ve been told about the vulnerability much earlier . and if dynegy was too tied in to enron ' s fortunes , serious questions about watson & co . ' s risk management skills will be raised . kenny norton the ratings agency downgrades are doubly damaging for enron because rating agencies played a critical role in efforts to shore up the houston company . some observers , noting the steep discount on enron bond prices , had criticized the agencies ' reluctance to downgrade enron debt . but s & p and moody ' s said they wanted to see if the dynegy offer would revive enron . of course , as enron ' s core operations continued to sputter even after the deal was agreed to , the rating agencies ' position looked increasingly untenable . inevitably , if the deal doesn ' t go through and enron implodes , some people will blame s & p for enron ' s demise . s & p analyst todd shipman replies : " we have always promised people that we wouldn ' t overreact , and i don ' t think we have overreacted . " he adds that the turning point came when the rating agency stopped believing dynegy and others could revise the deal terms and find cash in time to stop the deterioration in enron ' s business . also , he doubted whether those working to salvage the merger would come up with the sort of provisions needed to keep enron viable . dynegy abandons enron deal shares of energy trader plunge , bankruptcy looms cbsmarketwatch . com lisa sanders 11 / 28 / 01 enron shares ( ene ) closed at 61 cents , down $ 3 . 50 , having lost as much as 85 percent of their value on the day and having collapsed from a 52 - week high of almost $ 85 just 11 months ago . the company lost around $ 2 . 6 billion worth of market capitalization from tuesday to wednesday . close to 342 million enron shares had changed hands wednesday by the close , and the stock broke the all - time volume record of 309 million shares set by intel on sept . 22 , 2000 . dynegy ( dyn ) shares lost $ 4 . 92 , or 12 percent , to $ 35 . 97 . saying in a conference call that it had to " protect " its shareholders , dynegy announced it had terminated its agreement with enron , citing " enron ' s breaches of representations , warranties , covenants and agreements in the merger agreement , including the material adverse change provision . " company - specific problems ? dynegy chairman and chief executive chuck watson said : " some of the best deals are the ones that don ' t get done . " " while it is regrettable to see a leading industry player in difficulties , this does not reflect a failure of the energy merchant business , " he said . dynegy president and chief operating officer steve bergstrom said that energy traders have had weeks to prepare for enron ' s diminished role in the business and that the industry has suffered " no degradation , " as he put it . " there has been a clear flight to quality , and it ' s occurring as we speak , " bergstrom said . " dynegydirect is a highly scalable platform . " dynegydirect is a platform much like enron ' s flagship enrononline , which it turned off wednesday and which just a month ago was the largest online energy - trading platform , accounting for an average of $ 3 billion in trades a day . dynegy ' s trading exposure to enron is $ 75 million , and the company is no longer trading with its embattled former merger partner and fellow houston industrial giant , bergstrom said . " dynegy ' s customer - based , asset - backed energy delivery network has been the driver of our 45 percent compounded annual growth rate for the past 16 years and will continue to provide us with earnings sustainability and future growth . " watson said . as part of the deal , dynegy had the option to keep northern natural gas , enron ' s highly valued natural - gas pipeline , even if the agreement were terminated . the company said during the call that it would exercise that option . chevrontexaco ( cvx ) , which owns a 27 percent stake in dynegy , originally gave $ 1 . 5 billion to the company in the transaction . dynegy used the money to purchase 100 percent of the preferred shares of northern natural gas . enron has 180 days from the date the merger agreement was signed , nov . 9 , to repurchase the pipeline system , watson said . enron said in a statement that it was reviewing dynegy ' s claim of rights to northern . enron representatives did not participate in the call , and dynegy executives said they had been advised against the customary practice of taking questions . enron said it has temporarily suspended payments " other than those necessary to maintain " its core energy businesses and added that it is exploring options to keep those operations alive . " to do this , we will work to retain the employees necessary to the continuing operations of our trading and other core energy businesses , " said enron chairman and ceo ken lay . enron told employees their questions would be answered in due course and they would receive their paychecks on friday . analysts said the next step for enron would likely be a bankruptcy filing . " chapter 11 is not the worst of all worlds by any means , " said john olson , a houston - based energy analyst . " the key to salvaging the business is the level of debtor - in - possession financing they can get to allow them to trade in some realistic fashion . " dip financing takes precedence over all other claims , he said . " the equity people are now at the very bottom of the barrel , and the only people lower than them are [ the people who filed ] the stockholder suits , " olson said . in a note to clients , analyst michael heim of a . g . edwards said that enron , without dynegy , has " no value . " " enron . . . will most likely be declared bankrupt shortly , " heim said . " unlike other bankruptcies in which a stock continues to trade at a low price , there are no hard assets to salvage . " ahead of this news , s & p cut enron ' s rating to b - minus , or junk status , from bbb - minus , which is the lowest investment - grade rating . the rating agency said that the move reflects " concerns about the viability of the merger agreement with dynegy and liquidity implications of the possible failure of that transaction . the ratings are placed on creditwatch with developing implications . " moody ' s made its announcement of a rating cut to b 2 from baa 3 and said that enron ' s debt remains under review for additional downgrade . in its report , moody ' s cited the likelihood of a dynegy - enron breakup , fueled by enron ' s declining financial performance , as the reason for the downgrade . " moody ' s . . . baa 3 rating was predicated on good prospects for completion of the merger with dynegy and reasonable prospects for marginally investment - grade characteristics of the merged entity , " moody ' s wrote . " furthermore , lack of confidence in enron by its trading counterparties appears to be adversely affecting enron ' s core trading operations . " for enron to survive , the credit agency said , it ' s imperative that the volumes from the trading business remain profitable . fitch , which had rated enron bbb - minus , lowered the rating to cc , which " indicates that default of some kind appears probable . " the u . s . treasury is keeping an eye on the impact the enron fallout is having on the credit markets , spokeswoman michele davis said wednesday . " we are monitoring credit markets as we do every day , " davis said . " markets always fluctuate and we haven ' t seen anything extraordinary . " treasury said that outside its surveillance of credit markets , it would refer any inquiries on energy trading to the federal energy regulatory commission or the commodity futures trading commission . earlier in the day dynegy , which had originally offered to buy enron for $ 9 billion in stock , confirmed tuesday that the two companies were discussing a new deal structure , and it said ahead of the credit - ratings and eventual termination news wednesday that discussions were continuing . " i ' m not aware of any changes in any status of the merger , " dynegy spokesman john sousa said before the s & p announcement . the merger agreement contained a material adverse - affect clause that , if triggered , allowed dynegy to walk away from the deal . the decline in enron ' s stock price and information contained in the company ' s 10 - q filing of nov . 19 could had activated the clause , but olson said the s & p downgrade clearly fit the description of a material adverse affect . also wednesday , ubs warburg and rbc capital cut their ratings on enron , to " hold " from " strong buy " and from " strong buy " to " buy - speculative , " respectively . lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . citi , morgan sink on enron exposure cbsmarketwatch . com 11 / 28 / 01 greg morcroft new york ( cbs . mw ) - - j . p . morgan and citigroup shares fell wednesday as investors fretted about the banks ' exposure to troubled energy trader enron . enron shares collapsed after dynegy abandoned plans to buy the largest u . s . energy trader and standard & poor ' s cut its rating on the company to junk bond status . j . p . morgan chase ( jpm ) fell $ 2 . 30 , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 37 . 50 . fellow bank stock citigroup was the second biggest dow loser , dropping $ 2 . 75 , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 47 . 80 . both firms have served as lenders and advisers to the embattled enron , which today saw its debt rating cut to junk status and its would - be acquirer dynegy walk away from the deal . early afternoon calls to citigroup were not returned , and a j . p . morgan spokesman declined to comment on reports of the bank ' s exposure to the situation . the wall street journal reported that both banks were attempting to finance dynegy ' s proposed purchase of enron , and had each committed roughly $ 700 million to $ 800 million in the form of various loans , about half of which were unsecured . the report noted the banks had also committed an additional $ 250 million in equity investments . enron deal falls apart enron ( ene ) shares ended the day at 61 cents , having lost as much 85 percent of their value . dynegy ( dyn ) shares closed down 12 percent at $ 35 . 97 . in a report wednesday , rating agency s & p cut enron ' s rating to b - minus , or junk status , from bbb - minus , which is the lowest investment - grade rating . the rating agency said that the move reflects " concerns about the viability of the merger agreement with dynegy and liquidity implications of the possible failure of that transaction . the ratings are placed on creditwatch with developing implications . " shares could be worthless analyst michael heim at a . g . edwards said the downgrade of enron ' s debt by standard & poor ' s " kills any chance of a deal " with dynegy . he believes dynegy will have no problems using the debt downgrade to walk away from the deal without paying a break - up fee . " without a deal , enron has no value , in our opinion , and will most likely be declared bankrupt shortly , " heim explained in a note to clients . " unlike other bankruptcies in which a stock continues to trade at a low price , there are no hard assets to salvage . " he added the s & p downgrade will force enron to accelerate a debt payment of $ 3 . 9 billion , making it virtually impossible for enron trades to interact with most counterparties . u . s . bancorp piper jaffray estimated that enron represents about $ 500 million exposure to citigroup and $ 300 million to j . p . morgan chase . " n our judgment , these credit facilities are well - collateralized , " the firm said in a note , anticipating that non - performing assets would increase by $ 440 million at citi in the fourth quarter and $ 300 million at j . p . morgan , reflecting an enron bankruptcy . greg morcroft is new york news editor of cbs . marketwatch . com . at enron , best lay plans go awry commentary : from cabinet prospect to bankruptcy cbsmarketwatch . com 11 / 28 / 01 by david callaway san francisco ( cbs . mw ) - - for ken lay , the collapse of enron corp . goes beyond one of the largest and swiftest corporate meltdowns in u . s . history . it represents the destruction of a lifetime of work that until only three months ago had the texas business leader and political rainmaker perched at the top of the corporate world , the most powerful energy mogul in history and an advisor to the president of the united states . it was less than a year ago that the 59 - year - old lay was being touted as incoming president bush ' s top choice to be treasury secretary , or at the very least , energy secretary . he ranked no . 36 on a list of the 50 best ceos last year published by worth magazine , after having put together a 240 percent return on shareholder value in enron ( ene ) stock over the last three years . enron ' s market value rose from $ 2 billion in 1985 , when lay created the company through a merger of two texas natural gas firms , to more than $ 80 billion earlier this year . but all of that power and prestige came crashing down over the last few months , culminating wednesday in a complete collapse of enron ' s shares in reaction to news that rival dynegy ( dyn ) would not step in to rescue the failing company . when the dust settled , enron ' s shares stood at 61 cents each , its total market value at $ 454 million . see full story . lay and enron now face an almost certain chapter 11 filing , which would be the biggest in u . s . history , and a slew of lawsuits as well as a federal investigation into how they built a tangled web of derivative trades and energy businesses into the empire that it was . a power broker unplugged now lay , a behind - the - scenes string puller in the corridors of power for more than a decade , will find out just how loyal his friends are , starting with bush . lay is a close friend of the bush family and has been one of the largest contributors to the president ' s political campaigns for president and texas governor . enron has pumped more than half a million bucks into bush ' s coffers over the years , including $ 100 , 000 for last year ' s presidential campaign , which was matched by lay and his wife . lay hired former cabinet members james baker and robert mosbacher after they left their positions with the cabinet of bush ' s father , george bush , in the early 1990 s . and with his political largesse came the benefits . lay had vice president cheney ' s ear earlier this year when cheney was presiding over the establishment of bush ' s energy policy , a process cloaked in secrecy that even today cheney refuses to shed light on . in may , he found himself in hot water after the new york times reported that lay called curtis hebert , then chairman of the federal energy regulatory commission , and offered his support if hebert would change his views on electricity deregulation and embrace bush ' s push for retail energy competition . hebert said he refused , and had the impression his job was in jeopardy . lay later denied that he had threatened hebert ' s job security . whatever the case , hebert was later replaced as chairman of the agency by patrick wood , chairman of the texas public utility commission . lay was more successful in his adopted hometown of houston , where he was able to convince gov . bush to deregulate the state ' s electrical markets in 1999 and where , earlier this year , the houston astros began playing in their new stadium , enron field . that lay is a remarkable executive and power broker is without question . he took a rinky - dink natural gas company and in just over 16 years turned into the mightiest energy empire in american history , virtually inventing a new energy market , which enron itself controlled . bill gates would have been proud of the monopoly . but the speed with which the empire collapsed and the shambles that is left suggest that , at best , enron was not much more than an elaborate hedge fund that bet too much on itself . and now ken lay , rainmaker , has fallen back to earth . david callaway is executive editor of cbs . marketwatch . com 
2	Subject: top paying position for bait - excelled @ em . ca call 1 - 866 - 613 - 3376 x 4704 + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from digitalgogetter . net to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from digitalgogetter . net in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights ena principal investments : three transactions to date in lq 2001 : $ 2 . 5 million investment in series c convertible preferred stock of silicon power corporation ( " spc " ) , a leading designer , developer and manufacturer of a wide range of power semiconductor devices and systems . spc operates through three divisions : the power components division manufactures large area semiconductors up to 125 mm which are used in high - power diodes , thyristors , gto thyristors and custom high pulse power rated devices . these components are sold directly to oem ' s in the heavy industrial , electric utility , transportation , military and medical industries . the industrial power division specializes in systems level products providing utility and power quality protection . the commercial power division designs and manufactures semiconductors made by a planar process used to make discrete power semiconductor devices and associates subsystems . more information can be obtained from kevin kuykendall ( 33995 ) , jennifer adams ( 33919 ) or from the company ' s web page at : www . siliconpower . com $ 2 . 25 million convertible bridge loan to solo energy corporation , an existing ena principal investments portfolio company . the funds are part of a $ 7 . 0 million bridge facility needed to fund overhead while negotiations continue regarding a potential acquisition opportunity . in addition to the conversion feature , ena principal investments also received warrants to purchase 2 . 75 million additional shares in solo energy . the company is developing a 100 kw microturbine , which utilizes a proprietary catalytic combustion process and turbines , sourced from the automotive and marine sectors . placement of 50 beta units is planned at test sites selected by scana ( a co - investor in solo energy ) in the 2 q and 3 q , 2001 . once the acquisition is completed , the company plans to complete an additional $ 30 to $ 50 million funding round . more information can be obtained from charlie vetters ( 39435 ) , kyle kettler ( 30423 ) or from the company ' s web page : www . soloenergy . com $ 5 . 0 million series d convertible preferred stock of encorp , inc . , an existing ena principal investments portfolio company . the funds are part of a total of $ 38 million raised in the series d round that should provide funding for the company through mid - 2002 . encorp is among the worlds leading providers of products , services and solutions addressing the growing demand for clean , reliable on - site power systems . the company  , s power technology products include grid - interconnection switchgear and energy - automation software . encorp  , s products , in combination with the company  , s engineering - services team , create dependable , on - site power solutions that can reduce the overall cost of energy for commercial and industrial customers operating in the digital economy . more information can be obtained from charlie vetters ( 39435 ) , kyle kettler ( 30423 ) or from the company ' s web page : www . encorp . com enron credit feeling exposed ? if you are looking for ways to trade some credit exposure out of your portfolio , visit enrononlinetm . enron credit now offers 3 - year and 5 - year credit default swaps for a number of companies every day on the system . industrial markets enron industrial markets has established its key goals and objectives for 2001 for the forest products and steel groups : _ firmly establish eim as a significant physical merchant by moving 3 million tons of product in each of the forest products and steel industries . _ expand international business by generating at least $ 10 million of gross margin . _ create a vehicle to gain access to 500 , 000 tons / year of market pulp . in addition , both forest products and steel are focused on creating greater physical and financial liquidity in each of their respective industries , as well as developing world class logistics and operations capabilities . eim organizational announcement forest products group the following changes are being implemented in the commercial organization in order to better focus on the group  , s mission : to be the premier market maker in physical products and financial risk management products in the forest products sector . rodney malcolm will assume responsibility for the new sales and marketing group . rob saltiel will create a new forests products origination group . bob crane will continue to be responsible for trading and risk management in all forest products markets . andy keleman will take the leadership of the transaction development group . in the news " energy and trading giant enron corp . ( nyse : ene - news ) wants a piece of madison avenue . the houston - based company ' s latest venture is enron media services , a seven - month old outfit that aims to bring enron ' s expertise in trading natural gas and electricity to buyers and sellers of advertising space . in the process , enron wants to tap into a $ 500 billion - a - year global advertising arena . ` ` what we ' ve identified is that this business is very analogous to what we do in gas and power , ' ' enron media services vice president edward ondarza . " - - - reuters , march 14 , 2001 welcome new hires egm - sherman franzen eim - jennifer vanlandingham ena - kim detiveaux , diane fellers , esemeralda gonzalez , eric linder , michael lorenz , noel ryan , melissa prihoda , steve mcdonnell transfers eim - lisa csikos , john jacobsen ena - robin rodrigue , maria lopez , roseann engeldorf if you love golf . .  ( would you like to experience the premier golf event , the masters ? this is your golden opportunity to see augusta and the practice rounds . there are 17 spaces now available for trip # 1 - sunday , april 1 through wednesday , april 4 . the package includes accommodations at six private homes in augusta , food and beverage , ground transportation , access to the enron tent , passes to the practice rounds and par 3 tournament , and one round of golf at jones creek . cost is $ 4975 per person ; additional cost for use of charter aircraft between houston and augusta is $ 1740 per person . this is a high - level customer - driven business opportunity . if you are interested , call dorie hitchcock at x 3 - 6978 . enrononline statistics below are the figures for enrononline as of march 14 , 2001 . ? total life to date transactions > 750 , 000 ? life to date notional value of transactions > $ 450 billion news from the global flash enpipe services the continental gas team is launching the first virtual gas transportation product in europe , enpipe services . enpipe will offer customers the ability to swap gas between the nbp in the uk and the zeebrugge hub in belgium . customers will be able to nominate volumes on a day - ahead basis , and will pay for the service by an up - front premium . this new service should encourage more participants at the zeebrugge hub , which will lead into more liquidity at other trading locations developing on the continent . similar to the virtual storage service , enbank , enpipe demonstrates enron ' s ability to offer valuable services to the market through smart risk management rather than capital - intensive infrastructure . the first enpipe auction will close on 15 march , and customers may submit their bids on enrononline . teesside gas processing plant on thursday , lst march , the teesside gas processing plant achieved iso 9001 : 2001 quality management system accreditation . this achievement is the result of 12 months hard work , enthusiasm and commitment by all plant staff and has also been a great team effort with the enron global asset organisation providing technical and moral support . an iso team was formed in february 2000 led by iris thomas ( qa coordinator ) and supported by members from all site disciplines including operations , maintenance , accounts and it . a program was implemented to prepare , write , issue and control , detailed procedures to ensure the plant was operated and maintained to the quality standards required by iso 9001 : 2001 . customer satisfaction and focus is an integral part of the standard and a great deal of effort has been put into this area . following a pre - audit in january the final accreditation audit commenced on wednesday , 28 th february , with accreditation being confirmed on thursday , lst march . legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: producer shut - in list for victoria 18 " line work fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 12 / 29 / 99 03 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 12 / 29 / 99 03 : 12 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect subject : producer shut - in list for victoria 18 " line work george , gary called me about this shut in situation a few minutes ago , specifically regarding meter 6722 . this meter is at the tailgate of three rivers , therefore , an hpl field employee will not be able to contact the producer ( they probably have no idea where the gas is coming from that goes through this meter ) . gary suggested that the deal maker contact these producers verbally , and then connie sutton will follow up with written notice . per our discussion , since mary jo and gary are out this afternoon , i am forwarding this message to you . the concerned contracts are : cody texas , lp , 012 - 64365 - 101 , 96018049 and samson lone star , 012 - 77555 - 105 , 96016761 . let me know if there is further information that i can provide . thank you , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 12 / 29 / 99 02 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 12 / 29 / 99 02 : 49 pm to : connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect cc : earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , gary besancon / gco / enron @ enron , rodney rogers / gco / enron @ enron , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect subject : producer shut - in list for victoria 18 " line work hpl will be completing tie - ins to replace the guadalupe river crossing on the swinney to victoria 18 " . the following meters will be shut in at approximately 8 : 00 am on january 4 , 2000 and be brought back on - line sometime during the evening of january 6 , 2000 : 986833 marks # 1 common point 989730 swickheimer 984056 cologne 985754 battle fld 985982 coletto creek 986063 mokeen 986140 swickheimer 989620 duty # 1 984046 apache 985547 freeman 989664 talber graham 986757 sheridan energy 985972 hughes & hughes 986668 pentex 985541 esperanza 984724 new horizons 984959 dynamic 985360 bnp petroleum 984143 hilcorp 984286 spindletop 985430 southern gas 989679 strand energy 989663 edge petroleum 985801 vintage 989629 petro corporation 986722 duke three rivers gas plant 989736 c & e berclair 989813 c & d lucas 986725 southern resources 986015 mider 985192 delhi sarco if you have any question please feel free to call me at 36449 . thanks gary 
2	Subject: cash : $ 48463 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 200 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / i / lzevaw 5 kzxgvamvlenkvnmo 3 dhjommto clair spearsua logan financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 7 : meijer malory bourahla krabicka omahahttp : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / rem . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: re : sounds good . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : friday , november 09 , 2001 2 : 48 pm to : olsen , michael subject : re : mike , i very much appreciate what you have done for our desk . let me look into the promotions within and out of the analyst program . i want to take the best option possible . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : olsen , michael sent : wednesday , november 07 , 2001 4 : 09 pm to : farmer , daren j . subject : daren , i have no problem sticking around with the group , it is a compliment and i am glad that you all appreciate what i have been able to contribute to the group . i just want your opinion on something . one of my many goals while a part of the analyst program is to become a senior analyst or third year analyst . it is a promotion that also brings with it a bit of a pay increase . in no way do i want to imply greed , or that i will only stay for money , but if in your opinion i may be deserving of this , then maybe we could run it by bob or the program , or whoever is in control of that . just a thought , let me know what you think . mike 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 12 , 2000 - revision all gas nominated at iferc pricing for the month has been taken . remaining purchases under k # 3949 will be at the gas daily pricing . teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl gas daily - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by charlie stone / texas utilities on 10 / 13 / 2000 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gary green 10 / 13 / 2000 10 : 04 am to : charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , gary green / texas utilities @ tu , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com , david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for october 12 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: are you struggleing with stress to prevent future mailings enter your email address in the box and click the unsubscribe button .  
2	Subject: re : cv of rodney greene re quantitative positions . vince - would you have any interest in this candidate ? kind regards - amy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy fitzpatrick / lon / ect on 21 / 02 / 2000 09 : 34 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bryan seyfried 18 / 02 / 2000 19 : 50 to : amy fitzpatrick / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : cv of rodney greene re quantitative positions . probably a bit to techy for me but maybe a good fit for vince kaminski in houston research . bs amy fitzpatrick 17 / 02 / 2000 12 : 52 to : david port / corp / enron @ enron , david weekes / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : cv of rodney greene re quantitative positions . any thoughts on this candidate ? kind regards - amy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy fitzpatrick / lon / ect on 17 / 02 / 2000 12 : 52 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : simon bragg 17 / 02 / 2000 12 : 36 to : " ' amy . fitzpatrick @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : cv of rodney greene re quantitative positions . hi amy a colleague of mine interviewed someone last week who is a phd whose background is as a developer within catastrophe risk management . he is looking to move into more of a quantitative role which will utilise his developing skills and also his statistical and theoretical knowledge as well . the issue is that he is based in chicago and i wondered if there would be any interest from your headquarters there . please find attached his details . speak to you soon . regards simon - do 075530 . doc 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 14 + 0200 from chelloo 81018216102 . chello . pl [ 81 . 18 . 216 . 102 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : insufficient permission ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - maildrop : maildir over quota . 550 5 . 0 . 0 . . . insufficient permission 
2	Subject: dash per chip ' s note , this is still s / t change . the dash is drafted to allow for approval subject to delta signing and hancock providing a financing commitment letter . neither of those have occured , but are expected to occur today . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 03 / 30 / 2001 08 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : chip schneider / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 30 / 2001 10 : 36 am cst to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : dash chris , this draft is still subject to dave gorte ' s comments in which case i would hold off sending it to louise . i hope to have his comments soon . regards , chip schneider 713 - 853 - 1789 eb 2852 
2	Subject: rolex watches now for pea nut hows it been going ? i wanted to show you these elegant watches ( reeplicaas ) these are 1 / 20 of real price while look same and work great ! you can also gift these to your loved ones . and you can track the shipment online . copy the address below and paste in explorer : el 9 . net / re / skdjh 32 don ' t you practice cooking nicely ? . today i need to goto the store . . best regards , booker kerry 
2	Subject: mail : from west africa relief agency from the chairman west african relief agency , sir , with ultmost regard and hope for understanding , i wish to solicit for your co - operation in this proposal . first and foremost , name : mr antonio idris , the chairman of west african relief agency , here in west africa . our organization awarded a contract to a foreign company valued at us $ 20 . 5 m . the contract was not finally executed , but in my capacity as the chairman of the organization , i purported that the contract had been executed and i equally gave the name of the company as soft pedal international . the contract payment from our organization had been floating for the past six months . my foriegn partner and confidant in this type of business died in a plane crash in republic of benin , dated ; dec . 26 , 2003 . and that is why i am contacting you to reprofile the fund in your name and put claims to the money which the funds are coming via private bank and this is a legitimate transaction . you will be paid 10 % for your " management fees " 60 % for me and my colleagues , 20 % for the tsunami victims and 10 % to cover the cost of the transfer . i am mainly contacting you because my retirement from office will be due soon and if i do not plan and put claims to the money , i will loose the money to the agency as the new chairman might call back the money . on my side here as the chairman , i will send all the authentic documents to the fund to you for easy claim and transfer of the fund to your account , while i come over for my share . if this interest you , please do mail me . sincerly antonio idris ( mr ) . 
2	Subject: mega nneed offr hello , welcome to pharmonli pitfall ne sho affect p - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sho exsiccation ps thereout v compare g a kibble l l devisor l l navigable a r metaphysical a trousseaux cl i billow sv atomicity a coastal um andmanyother . - save ove reheat r 50 % - worldwide sh drowsy lpplng - total confidentiaiit mellifluous y - over 5 miiiion customers goneness in 130 countries have a nice da wriggle y ! 
2	Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack hi , how are you ? seems like we have had a bit of difficulty contacting each other . sorry i missed your call . i am now in nyc - until december 2 nd . i will try to call you on tomorrow morning about 8 am houston time . take care , iris > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > to : irismmack @ hotmail . com > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > subject : hello > date : tue , 21 nov 2000 15 : 14 : 31 - 0600 > > iris , > > we are trying to reach you but we are getting error messages . > please , call me 713 853 3848 . > > vince > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] seeking your partnership dear partner to be , first , i must apologise to you for using this medium to communicate to you about this project . i am a highly placed official of government of nigeria and also a founding member of the ruling party in power now , the peoples democratic party ( pdp ) . my committee - the niger delta development corporation ( nddc ) - which is in charge of managing and supervising the disbursement of oil sales revenues for the nigerian government . the revenues under our control runs into several hundred of millions of dollars monthly . my self and other colleagues in the nddc are currently in need of a foreign partner with whose bank account we shall transfer the sum of forty nine million five hundred thosand united states dollars ( $ 49 . 5 m ) . this fund accrued to us as commission for oil sales contracts handled under our supervision . the fund is presently waiting in the government account named cbn / fgn independent revenue account number 400 - 939134 with j . p . morgan chase bank , new york . you can do your independent verification of this . however , by virtue of our position as civil servants and members of the nddc , we cannot acquire this funds in our name . this is because as top civil servants , we are not allowed by law of the land to own or operate bank accounts outside our country for now . i have been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues , to look for an overseas partner in whose account we would transfer the fund hence the reason for this mail . we shall be transferring the money to your account with your company as we shall present your company as a registered foreign company in nigeria and you are been paid for a contract which you executed for our country through the nddc and any other federal ministry that we decide to use to siphon the funds through . for your support and partnership , please reply me to negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds arrive your bank account . you must however note that this transaction , with regards to our disposition to continue with you , is subject to these terms . firstly , our conviction of your transparency . secondly , that you treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . finally and above all , that you will provide an account that you have absolute control over . the transaction , although discrete , is legitimate and there is no risk or legal disadvantages either to ourselves or yourself now or in the future as we have put in place perfect mchineries that will ensure a hitch free transfer into your account upon acceptance . the transfer will be effected to your account within ten - fourteen ( 10 - 14 ) working days as soon as we reach an agreement and you furnish me with a suitable bank account and company name and address with all your contact numbers including fax number . i am looking forward to doing business with you and do solicit your confidentiality in this transaction , please mail your response to me . yours faithfully , anderson k . eseimoku - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: fte analyis for enron americas louise - - here is the analysis on how many govt affairs ' ftes work on enron americas matters . the bottom line  67 professionals in group / 29 ftes on enron americas . call if you want additional information . also , i am trying to arrange a meeting for this friday to discuss our next monthly update ( which i am finishing hopefully tomorrow ) . thanks , jim 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 24 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 92 . 500 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: re : patchs work better then pillz worlds first dermal p ; atch technology for p * nis enlarg ; ment a ; dd 3 + in ; ches today - loo % doc ; tor approved the viriiity p ; atch r . x . was designed _ for men like yourself who want a b ; lgger , th ; icker , m ; ore en ; ergetic p * nis ! imagine sky _ rocketing in size 2 ' ' , 3 ' ' , even 4 ' ' in 60 _ days or l ; ess . but that ' s not _ all . viriiity p ; atch r . x . will also super _ charge your s * xual battery effort ; lessly 24 / 7 . your libido and energy level will soar , and you will sat ; isfy your lov ; er like never _ before ! loo % p ; roven to _ work or your m ; oney bac ; k ! to _ get off our listr ; ight here . i will not spank othersi will not spank othersim 99442 m 6 bb 2 y 384 gosj 36 t 39 qq 5 nfj 55 qjl 2 w 2 o 822 alr 6 y 96 gigccb 4 i 99045 e 5 i will not spank othersxl 6 oolz 9 g 90 oj 218 lj 831 jk r 2 r 9 vym 311 h 32 ini will not burp in classnu 2 m 442 m 6 bb 2 y 384 gosj 36 t 39 qq 5 n fj 55 qjl 2 wi will not spank others 2 o 822 alr 6 y 96 gigccb 4 i 99045 e 5 xl 6 o 01 z 9 g 90 oj 218 lj 8 i will not burp in class 31 jkr 2 r 9 vym 311 h 32 innu 2 m 44 2 m 6 bb 2 y 384 gosj 36 t 39 qq 5 nfj 55 qjl 2 w 2 o 8 i will not burp in class 22 alr 6 y 96 gigccb 4 i 990 i will not spank others 45 e 5 xl 6 oolz 9 g 90 oj 218 lj 831 jkr 2 ri will not burp in class i will not spank others  
2	Subject: year to date deals attached is the year - to - date deal report through 8 - 15 - 01 . lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: re : us west power pop - up announcement kal - please ensure you send this information to bill williams iii . i have forwarded it to him via this message . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shah , kal sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 9 : 16 am to : williams , bill subject : us west power pop - up announcement [ bill - would you please take a look at the text below and fill in the needed information . please let me know if we ' ve left anything out . when we ' ve got all the info . , we will run it by legal and post on the web site . ] text for new pop - up ( to run next monday - tuesday , august 27 - 28 ) : hourly products for us west physical power now available enrononline has introduced new hourly products to help you manage short - term risk in the us west physical power market . the following delivery points are currently available : [ list delivery points ] these products will trade from xx : xx to xx : xx [ time zone ] , [ days of week ] . please take a few minutes to review the product long descriptions before transacting these products . for more information , please click here [ open new browser window and link to http : / / www . enrononline . com / docs / marketing / contactenrononline / ] . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 10 , 2001 teco tap 47 . 500 / enron 
2	Subject: reply a . s . a . p united trust bank limited 80 haymarket , london swly 4 te i am mr . alexander george , the account officer of mr . morris thompson who died in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 along with his wife and only daughter ( who happens to be his next of kin ) . he has an account with us . you should read more about the crash on visiting this site ( s ) . since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or as a relative to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . i was contacted by the executor of his will to find somebody that can stand in as his next of kin , so that the funds would not be trapped in our bank . all legal paper work will be taken care of by him ( the executor ) if you are favorably disposed to joing us in doing this , please respond as soon as possible . in the event you are not interested , i sincerely ask that you disregard this email and tell no one about it . i am very careful on truncating my banking career should you mention this to someoneelse . i hope you can be trusted in this regard . regards , alexander george 
2	Subject: here are the results of your form we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 297 - 327 ] * negotiable amount : $ 130 , 958 to $ 623 , 517 * rate : 3 . 90 % - 5 . 32 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , yvonne pacheco senior account manager amston lenders , llc . database deletion : http : / / www . refin - xnd . net / r . php  
2	Subject: need a laptop ? get a dell notebook free ! consumer research corporation 3830 forest dr . , ste . 207 columbia , sc 29204  
2	Subject: congrats ! sally , congratulations on your promotion to md . shanna 
2	Subject: re : interesting then burst forth the unending argument between the believers and the unbelievers in the societies of the wise and the scientific journals no msg " besides , " thought i , " all roads lead back to europe ; and the unicorn may be amiable enough to hurry me towards the coast of france ! ! every bill which shall have passed the house of representatives and the senate , shall , before it become a law , be presented to the president of the united states ; if he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his objections to that house in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the objections at large on their journal , and proceed to reconsider it : 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: alden metallic supervifagra - ciaylis take it once and it lasts all weekend . do not have sex timed to a pill . choose the moments when you want to have intimacy . ciablis acts quicker ( about 20 minutes ) and last much longer ( about 2 - 3 days ) with no side effo ect . the cheapest price ! geet it now ! rem at http : / / www . foreveryourhost . com greek conductance executor bonanza russo inward knockout conspirator flyer ban enter extinct sheriff gull biennial rivalry newscast cecilia affect microscopy champaign coalesce basilar banshee coda schizophrenia bidden enjoinder gauss fisk joshua braun addison italic labyrinth patrick copra facial botanic agave incautious bursty herein casino ravine exhale calliope cookery down formate siegfried potable coax bogging ghostly phosphoric puddle inoperable cute dizzy colorado retroactive inductee puddle lean loeb cosponsor compliment arose culpa hugging scenic elliott illusory dana disembowel cologne radioactive astrophysicist luftwaffe hannibal ripe invertebrate consecutive do bettor arginine sandpaper chilblain humane dignitary multitudinous hirsute igor endurance cannonball czechoslovakia cluj habitat carrion ecumenist math edelweiss armata blackwell buttercup mayhem chide condescension companionway cargo anyhow complicate compact dixon elegy eucalyptus muong avoid plane canoga hurray eternal ruffian consensus jutish monologue cationic pinehurst hibernate dogtooth intimater lange damp calcify ackerman diamagnetic ecosystem foe medusa rex arlene bonus impasse handclasp exciton dutchmen kerry omaha galenite bakery aphid sanguineous histogram md hold explosion command croatia append belgian ambuscade conscript greasy lenient appetite icarus calculi eyelet btu functionary bane cave conclusive appetite chide hymen coma indochinese atlanta econometric conformal centrist nostalgic distillery garish husbandman acclimate nitrogenous cite fuzzy accessory capillary eastwood mound decertify axes armada beryllium boyhood cavemen hi draftee addition asynchrony fibonacci basketball glad cravat logan aloof gelable lucian duet frame continuous convocation embryology compensable havilland bell heavy debility rotor callahan gong areaway schoolteacher indoctrinate perpetuity epimorphism amanuensis intercalate noticeable heuristic docile inauspicious renaissance clockwise foss kilgore roadway fermion castanet impeccable fell disburse conjecture beriberi glandular obduracy broglie casebook crotch experiential butchery babe ceres goes screwworm protrusion gill resiny party crisis chester chinese cyclotron geopolitic hokan analogous climactic euridyce hydroxy intake cowherd also circlet ejector osseous divalent facsimile cheekbone folksy sabina administrate sequential paraboloid freckle fruition liven morphism landhold blotch marjoram insect inlet mealy decipher lend gear powerhouse helene flange joke bloodshed deluxe rival citadel effluvium imprison curium benedictine basilisk albuquerque adirondack juno hearse clarity bien flail monte france ampersand clairvoyant blanch brandeis paperweight ballroom benny perception rut crimson drawn regretted ruminant concision delve booty coarse africa noodle bracken announce bold despondent hemorrhoid gotham firework nighthawk bricklayer desperado reversible convocate loyalty hideous lacerate ani daddy curtail agricola cookie cool elucidate hover miami abetted counterpoint decreeing bean merciful empire honeywell pitchfork bellow gong egan shinto homozygous maxine atmospheric husband apposite nocturne circulant ignoble expeditious crewcut handcuff experiential buchenwald glow palfrey hifalutin loquat cindy beseech jiffy noisemake corrigible pinehurst ethnology appendix desk leopold showy chromosome bitch amen backwater baboon malfunction confocal homestead escherichia gossamer drove dearth larvae babysit prominent deaconess nearest fluff buxtehude fantasy moneywort sarcasm aim rear prosper flippant chum folio gantlet bleary quartic gustavus evergreen catherwood bagatelle hornmouth collocation cummings arcsin bauxite natchez serge insincere chew lineal adenoma allowance beguile bethesda contiguity impiety critique quirky extremis prestige ewing huggins crowbait instalment cattail hornet hawkins lamentation hubbub genuine checkpoint crisscross customary lexington serpent anastomosis purpose acumen farber implementer jerk orchis heterodyne gibbon crosswort gypsum mississippian caldwell question inferring horehound felony electrolyte complementation flaxseed lethal impiety nosebag elephantine columnar oregano eloquent ethereal mathematik scorecard gestapo artemis raritan plowman pursuit fullerton bimetallism oblique epidermic northrop cathodic lund ciliate garish seepage pewter avertive hogan dusk cottonmouth ca cone bid montenegrin evanston dense ms curious dunham rosen sine mercury libelous brendan carnage donovan alps bacillus oswald exam bough bryan concentrate greenish help pension schuster bliss eulerian abet mutandis jessica greenish hexameter burke governess flung hoffman maintain precession quasistationary closeup bistate patchwork carve fidget amass rasp beachhead anne boast melanoma celerity electrocardiograph controlled cusp bauer inimical element reticent dilapidate catbird demountable matchbook portraiture deus conrail clove fissure emphases igneous chutney feldspar illegitimate monsieur indecomposable alto cornelia acquiescent ellipsoidal fixate lectionary carpathia emanate chert answer bluegill gun fatten dearie flatbed immutable almost bicycle miscreant dielectric inexperience daly aspirin dodd phosphate horrible infer firecracker chambermaid chase alluvial polysaccharide cobblestone conspicuous familiar gannett bacilli cotoneaster mighty ruff acorn ox bali heiress renegotiable maple emerson columnar extraterrestrial inverse bullhead dog gaines durer gross mitral antisemite ground optometry lecture rabin chive copyright inflater irregular sheepskin bali depositary neodymium pattern pincushion catcall herself emphases anachronistic pout imprimatur covary arcsin perception ask entrant bulldoze heir circulatory chow gestalt farcical asset mcfadden barney archibald fur during bridget loincloth midget catherine analogy quasicontinuous hirsute carburetor paragraph pragmatist manville mohawk prerogative mesh classify lowell louis fable fritz bulgaria finery ama arteriolosclerosis indelible excessive grandpa anybody hew giddy navel diluent cub ri aisle hangable cordage cyanide chalk humus inflame confident howl boast decade noel hamburg hierarchic friable hostess rundown ninefold immoral sapling bloop boss batch cambric iffy haste cover lunchtime keaton schedule croquet finch freeman bit anaplasmosis disco modus dungeon moron diocesan exert cordage debut lignum guidance baseline extant business inequitable lovelorn sag crotchety hepburn  
2	Subject: don ' t waste money buying m e d s from usa . 8 op 035 d 4 wo 5 noly 9 f 9 9 nigl wui 30 hj . get v \ agra shipped to your door for less then you think ! vm 5 b 331 lg 32 hm mt ll 331 l 6 a a 2 x 3 . go to the website now for more i n f o . 86 q 302 r a 8 op 4 m ei 4 my 70 fg 6 cd 2 z . 5 no ly 9 f 99 nigl wu i 30 hj qlq 975 b . i was hated by large numbers of people 793 2 hmm tll 33 ll 6 aa 2 x 374 fmq 30 . i just got to 3 rd base with my girlfriend . listen up well , you might learn something . ra 8 op 4 mei 4 my 70 fg 6 cd 2 zbup a 6 fh .  
2	Subject: risk report on " guide to electricxity hedging " and request for gu est access to enrononline louise , it would be a good commercial for enron . what can we do to help him and get free publicity ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2000 01 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ekrapels on 01 / 18 / 2000 12 : 00 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : risk report on " guide to electricxity hedging " and request for gu est access to enrononline dear vince , greetings from boston , where we ' re doing all we can to help keep the price of gas high . as i may have told you earlier , i ' m writing a " guide to electricity hedging " for risk publications similar to the report on oil . i had planned to write a significant section on enrononline , and in the midst of my research on the topic was denied access by enron ' s gatekeeper . can you help get me in ? as always , the best from here . ed krapels - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donna greif [ mailto : dcorrig @ ect . enron . com ] sent : tuesday , january 18 , 2000 12 : 37 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com subject : request for guest access dear mr . krapels : thank you for requesting guest access to enrononline . unfortunately , we are unable to give you quest access at this time . enrononline is exclusively for those companies who can transact wholesale energy commodities and related products . in addition , you had indicated within the comments section of your email that you are preparing a " guide to electricity hedging " for risk publications . i have forwarded your inquiry to our public relations department along with your contact information . should you not hear back from anyone within a reasonable amount of time , please feel free to contact our call center at 713 853 - help ( 4357 ) . sincerely , donna corrigan greif enrononline help desk 713 / 853 - 9517 - attl . htm 
2	Subject: your invoice # 9235 ackley our site was founded on the idea that it is important to serve every single customer with the most convenient shopping experience every time they visit our store . http : / / ckphw . billcommendcool . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein but a slow bump or flow ain ' t the way , floorzer elbmert finuma elsgvmxm a 8 etlxo eredevle in the fields where once we did layin the fields where once we did lay 
2	Subject: bait - excelled @ em . ca come get your slim design playstation 2 having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . get a new slim playstation 2 ® at no cost to you . see here to find out how . if you do not wish to receive special offers , discounts and coupons from yourgiftcards . com , please do one of the following : use this link to unsubscribe or write to us at customerservice , po box 390520 , mountain view , ca 94039 - 0520 . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: cure premature ejaculation hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / osseously . net / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / osseously . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: please help my child dear sir / mam , i have send this email in order to recive some help . i am a single father from italy and i have a big problem . my 2 year child is cancer sick and i need money to treat him . i don ' t ask for lots off money but as much as you want : 1 $ 2 $ . . . . i will be pleased . this is my sweet boy nely : nely pictures the pics say all the things . if you have a hart and you are a father then please this is my paypal email address : david _ horatiul 23 @ yahoo . com . thank you and i ' m very sorry for this email , but i need help . have a nice day and good bless you ! please help my boy ! ! !  
2	Subject: tw bullets 1 / 12 transport options - on january 9 ferc held a technical conference on tw ' s transport options filing . along with ferc staff , there were approximately 20 intervenors present . although several of the parties ' questions were intended to clarify the filing , others used the forum to attack collateral issues such as the affiliate marketing rule , pipeline capacity hoarding and the market power of enron online . going forward , tw is due to file pro - forma tariff sheets to include several clarifying items by jan . 26 , with parties ' comments due on feb . 13 and reply comments due on feb . 23 . capacity marketing - dynegy purchased several packages of firm transport from blanco to needles . one package was 13 , 500 mmbtu / d for december 2001 . the other was 21 , 500 mmbtu / d for november 1 - december 31 , 2002 . we will file negotiated rate letters with ferc for the index pricing . agave energy co . - met with agave this week to discuss potential atoka lateral expansion projects and other efforts to bring more producer gas to tw ' s west texas lateral . several opportunities were identified and we have scheduled a follow up meeting for february 7 th . in addition , ngpl called to set up a meeting next week to look at bringing more gas to us on a firm basis in eddy county ; there may be some overlapping volume with agave here . 
2	Subject: out of office ( jury duty ) i will be out of the office thursday july 12 th on jury duty . i will be back in the office on friday morning . if there is anything you may need from me before the end of today let me know . debra will be able to assist you if you need anything while i ' m out . thanks , jill 
2	Subject: look . . . here adam user id : 8 major date : mon , 15 nov 2004 00 : 48 : 55 + 0500 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 9798717366112088 - - - - 9798717366112088 content - type : text / plain ; content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit buy med ' s on - line ! up to 8 o % off vi - codin , ciaiis , viagra , xanax , vioxx , valium and many more ! fast delivery ! with wholesale prices ! - no con ^ sultation - no prior prescription needed - hu ' ge savings ! see why our customers re - order more than any competitor ! http : / / discreetdelivery . net / ? a  444 this is 1 tlme maiiing . no re moval are re qulred . - - - - 9798717366112088 - -  
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , fallon  
2	Subject: the expatriate zone - issue # 1 2 / 14 / 00 the expatriate zone 1 / 15 / 00 issue # 1 where every day is " just another shitty day in paradise " the zine for the tropically impaired - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - in this issue * featured expatriate of the month - james " sunny jim " white * travel into " the zone " - and beat the irs at the same time . * " jimmydotcom " - where ' s that parrot head book we ' ve been hearing about ? * club trini update * millennium change bubba style - see what all the hullabaloo online was about . * cabo 1999 - bad boys of the " expatriated phan club " spotted south of the border . * parrothead pilots association - new club in the making . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - for the web page edition go to : it includes some great pictures . we suggest printing it out and laying it out on your coffee table . that way , you have somewhere to set your " red stripe " so you don ' t leave rings on the table . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - welcome to the expatriate zone welcome to the " first " issue of " the expatriate zone , " the official newsletter of the new " expatriate zone " web site . after publishing " the temperate zone " for the past two years , i ' m taking the opportunity to join forces with bob segel who has been publishing " the coconut modem " with karen coyne since april of 1994 . last year , after operating in aol exclusively , bob created " parrotkey . com " out on the " internet " where it would join it ' s sister site on aol and be accessible to all parrot heads . at the time bob expanded " pk , " we had been working on my little area of " club st . somewhere , " and the new " parrotkey . com " seemed like the perfect place to open the doors of the club . while we were talking about the direction we wanted to see " club st . somewhere " and " parrot key " go , we could see that this was the perfect chance to , as emeril says , " kick it up a notch . " jimmy buffett ' s music was a big part of our lives , but even more so was the " expatriate lifestyle " he sang about . a lifestyle that includes tropical travel , sailing , boating , parasailing and surfing , and yes , the music and lyrics of mr . james w . buffett . so it is , that we created our new web site , " the expatriate zone " , along with this newsletter of that same name . in december , " the expatriate zone " opened its doors with its " island trading post " with its holiday shopping service at the " island trading post . " over 3 , 600 people visited the site the first day , and daily prizes were awarded for the first two weeks . the " island trading post " will open again soon , offering a complete line of tropical items , not just to those of us that live a few blocks from wal - mart , but also for those of us lucky enough to be on a sailboat or living on an island . for not , we ' ll start with the " t - shirt of the month . " we want " the expatriate zone " to not only keep you entertained and informed while you toil away at your everyday " corporate gig , " but it will also get you ready for that day you finally shuck it all and disappear down into " the expatriate zone . " we hope you all enjoy our new effort , and also continue to visit " parrot key " and " club st . somewhere . " both of which will be closely associated with " the expatriate zone " and " parrotkey . com . " jackson & bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " expatriate of the month " james " sunny jim " white when i first ventured on the internet in 1995 , i ran in to a guy named " sunny jim " who was living down in the cayman islands . we never really got a chance to connect , for which i am truly sorry . but , when something is supposed to happen , it usually does . on the first leg of my " road dawg " tour ( click on " road dawg " ) i stayed with my good friend alex & janet leist and their wonderful children . over the five days i stayed at their house , alex and i listened to a lot of music , and one of the guys we both liked was " sunny jim . " i bought one of james ' cds from alex , and fell in love with it immediately . the cd was his second , called " life in the laid back lane . " little did i know that i would meet up with james and his roady " shady floyd " several times over the next six months . james was embarking on his first real tour of the us since he moved " down island " almost twelve years ago . we got several chances to talk over the summer , and we will have an in depth article about this " expatriate " soon on " the expatriate zone " web site . be sure to watch for it . in the meantime , here are a couple of quick things i learned about this great musician . when i asked him about his " expatriate " status , his reply was , " technically , an expatriate is someone who lives outside their own country , for whatever reason . for some it ' s legal reasons , others just because they want to , or that ' s where the work is . i have been an expatriate for nearly twelve years now . i have pretty fully lived the whole caribbean experience , from climbing the coconut trees and spear fishing , to sailing , scuba diving , hot afternoons on the beach and romantic moonlit nights under the swaying palms . " even as james is about to repatriate himself and his family , i ask if there were any other places he would consider living as an expatriate ? " maybe somewhere on the coast of mexico or in a group of islands that are all within sailing distance of one another , " was the advice he gave . until we can learn more of " sunny jim ' s " world , stop by his web site at and if you don ' t have one of his cds , including his latest release " sandbar serenade , " for goodness sake , pick one up . you can also read a great interview alex conducted with james at - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - travel into " the zone " " some are running from the irs " we strongly believe that we all have to get away from our computer screens and out into the real world as often as we can . does this mean we give up one our most useful tools of communication , computers ? heck no ! with laptops , cell phones and gps systems , we can go anywhere , and still stay in touch if we feel the need . but get real and throw that " pager " away as soon as you can . we hope to keep this section current and informative , hopefully hearing from those of you already living your lives in " the zone , " helping the rest of us prepare for our getaway from the cities . i ' m sure there are some of us that are preparing to " disappear " to places like costa rica , where the " the expatriate zone " will become an important tool . how would you like to check out a place to " disappear " to and write it off your taxes at the same time ? want to go down into " the zone " to places like the bahamas , belize , st . croix , puerto rico , bonaire , the dominica republic or saba ? want to do something for the planet , work with dolphins , save a coral reef , or study monkeys and the rain forest at the same time ? well we have the answer . check out these organization ' s web sites , and then get some advice from your financial advisor on 501 c non - profit organizations . depending on the tax bracket you ' re in , uncle sam could end up paying for up to half the trip . the oceanic society earthwatch institute reef , the reef environmental education foundation after that , all that ' s left is to make that plane reservation , and remember , " no plane on sunday . " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jimmydotcom " after many delays , " jimmydotcom " has finally gone to the printer with a due date of the middle of april . i hit some " bumps in the road " on my way to publishing the first ever book about the parrot head phenomena , but it was all worth it . this book isn ' t about jimmy buffett , it ' s about the effect of the internet on parrot heads . for more information , visit . we have a complete outline of the book , reviews from other parrot heads , and samples of the pages on the site . financial considerations have limited the first printing to 1 , 000 copies at the present time , so if your even thinking of buying a book , i suggest you reserve your copy by putting your name on the " reservation list . " you will be under no financial obligation . it will simply indicate to my financial partners ( who aren ' t parrot heads ) , just how many books we need to print . do it right away , because pre - sales were brisk , and if enough of you reserve a copy , i can get the financing to expand the first printing . let ' s show the world what parrot heads stand for by making this book a big success . when i was on the bhotm tour this summer , i had many people tell me they wanted to buy an extra book to give to their boss . they wanted the boss to understand why getting the day off for a buffett concert is so important . maybe it will help the rest of us to explain ourselves to our friends " that just don ' t get it . " here ' s one of the latest reviews of the book from bob robinson , founder & president of the sandlapper phc in south carolina . i had a great time with this club on the " road dawg " tour , and shared an advance copy with his club : " when we received jackson ' s plea for pictures , our members were blown away . we hustled up a package of pix , as did a majority of the parrot head clubs from around the globe , and the result is pure parrothedonistic pleasure . this collection is bound for glory in the annals of island time . if moderation is your key to life then stay away from jimmydotcom , ' cause this book is packed with those stories only we can tell . congratulations bubbafreak ! " bobrob sandlapper phc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - club trini update speaking of expatriates , how about the guys who play the true music of " the zone ? " club trini ' s long awaited live cd will finally be coming out this april , one year after it ' s recording . jimmy has been keeping mike and robert pretty busy , so it ' s understandable that it took awhile . it will be the third in the " margaritaville cafe - late nite " series . i can ' t wait to hear it , as my wife and i were some of the lucky ones who were in new orleans when it was recorded . you can get a look at all the songs included on the new cd at club trini ' s revamped web site at . along with the great songs we ' ve become accustomed to , are a few i ' m pretty excited about . if you haven ' t heard ct ' s version of " african friend " you ' re in for a real treat . along with that , is a song that tina and nadirah have been treating audiences to this past summer , " cario " and bob marley ' s " no woman , no cry . " at the new web site , fans can " now " order their favorite club trini cds using their credit cards . so there ' s no excuse to not owning everything available . i think a true " expatriate musical library " is incomplete without club trini . this summer , helen hiatt , jimmy and the coral reefer ' s wardrobe designer , came up with a shirt that club trini members lovingly call the " ice cream vendor " shirt , which they wear out front at the start of the concert . ok , pete sometimes forgets his , and when he does have it on , it lost it ' s sleeves somewhere along the way . there ' s a great design that has been applied to a t - shirt that we all can own . check it out at their site . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jesters and friends note card series tro - pics has just released their first note cards series from their " jesters and friends " original oils . friends , places and musicians from past years have inspired these cards and parrot heads and expatriates alike will want to have these great looking cards for those times when an email just isn ' t personal enough . the original artwork is also on sale at this site , so be sure to stop by and visit them . included in the " jesters " series are our good friends tim glancey and wally nickel . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - millennium change bubba style i ' ve got to tell you , i wasn ' t buying into this " new millennium " thing , one bit . in fact , i had almost decided not to go to the buffett new year ' s eve show . nothing to do with jimmy , but i just didn ' t get the whole hype . but at the last minute , i had a change of heart . and now after being a special guest at seagram ' s party honoring the new margaritaville tequila , i ' m sure glad i went . the shows kind of melded together for me , making the millennium change over very special . if you want to hear more about this or see some pictures of both , visit our new " the expatriate zone " web site at and go to the web version of this newsletter . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - flash ! ! ! " expatriated phans " spotted south of the border after making both of " tropo travel ' s " previous trips down to cobo san lucas , mexico , i had to miss this year ' s trek due to my being with the " beach house on the moon " tour on it ' s florida , new orleans and houston swing . as the story goes , those bad boys and girls from " the expatriated phan club " showed up again , mainly for the t - shirts that said , " too much tequila . . . or not quite enough " on the back . who are those people anyway ? whenever i go to their web site , all of them have black bars covering their eyes . if you want to see pictures of the trip or need info for " down to the banana republics - 2000 " visit mike mclain also has some other great trips planned this year , check them out . speaking of " tropo travel , " if you need a hotel room for the vegas or irvine shows and want a great deal , visit there site for some great rates . i ' m joining some of my parrot head friends at the " key largo , " though i ' m kind of afraid to be in a town like vegas with sue and ponch aprea from the detroit phc . i ' m joining a lot of my other friends i met on the road there too . i hate seeing jimmy in vegas , but i ' ve got to keep the streak alive , and seeing all my parrot head friends will make it all worthwhile . i hope peter mayer ends up playing there again this year . and speaking of those great t - shirts , we have some neat shirts available at the " island store . " they ' re similar to the shirt you got if you went on this year ' s trip , except they have " tropo travel ' s " seaplane on the back and the " no bad days " logo on the front breast . you can see a picture at . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - parrothead pilots association here are a couple of tidbits for your " airplane nuts " and pilots out there . a new online friend who ' s a medivac chopper pilot is trying to start a parrot head ' s pilot ' s association . if you ' re interested , contact dan at . i also ran across a really cool page that features jimmy ' s " hemisphere dancer " including it ' s " jamaican bullet hole . " ed booth , jr . an attorney from jacksonville , florida , who belongs to " lawyer - pilots bar association " is the webmaster and creator . the web site is " grumman n 928 j " ( flashback - how many of you remember the tv show ' whirly birds ' ? wasn ' t their number n 975 b ? ) and is at it shows a lot of pictures of jimmy ' s 1954 grumman i think you ' ll enjoy . now all we need is for these guys to team up with the parrot heads pilot ' s association . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - this document is copyrighted 2000 by st . somewhere press , publisher . " the expatriate zone " is a trademark of st . somewhere press . you are permitted and encouraged to copy this document in its entirety ( including this message ) and email it to friends , etc . to subscribe or unsubscribe to this newsletter , simply go to : this document is copyrighted 2000 by st . somewhere press , publisher . the expatriate zone is a trademark of st . somewhere press . you are permitted and encouraged to copy this document in it ' s entirety ( including this message ) and email it to friends , etc . to subscribe or unsubscribe from this newsletter please visit :  
2	Subject: follow up to my voice mail as we discussed in rick ' s staff meeting , you can help your 7 / 1 / 00 go - live go more smoothly , whether you are implementing financials and hr or hr only . here is one way . timekeeping , though it seems mundane on the surface , is a focal point of the sap integration . entry and coding of time populates not just payroll , but projects and cost centers , real time . we will now have more flexibility to charge employee and contractor time to the areas they actually work ( where people work on more than one area at a time ) . this will only happen to the extent that the business and cost center owners drive it . this capability is customizable not just by business unit or company , but by cost center within a company . to make this work how you want it to on 7 / 1 , each " organizational unit " ( as i said above , you can drive this in your cost center ( s ) only or across your bu ) needs to be clear on questions such as : 1 . whether or not they want contractors to enter time in sap 2 . whether you want positive timekeeping ( each pay period specifying the cost center or projects one worked on ) or " exceptions " only ( e . g . , vacation , sick time , etc ) 3 . whether an approval process is desired and if so , what it is 4 . whether people will record their own time using the self service capability ehronline ( typically more precise and less handoffs ) or whether they will continue to use a timekeeper ( typically a little more convenient for people who ( a ) rarely have access to a computer or ( b ) work in many different areas and are not willing / able to identify and use cost center numbers or project codes 5 . whether people know the projects and cost center codes they should charge to your leadership in clarifying this within your cost center and / or bu will be instrumental in driviing the level of change you desire , as well as minimizing the noise related to the 7 / 1 go - live . we have been using a variety of methods to communicate and drive much of this change , but the business drive for how much to utilize the tool is determined by you . the deadline for the first sap time entry period is 3 pm houston time on friday , june 30 . despite all our collective efforts , i expect that it will be a few pay periods before we get each individual clear on what level of acitivity is desired from him by his cost center or company . thanks for your help in getting through the transition period . please call me or andrea yowman if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: dba administrator michelle , the name of the db administrator for enpower is charlene fricker , 5 - 3487 . alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve . i think it ' s a problem many layers below gary hickerson ' s level of responsibility and i hope we can handle it without using his valuable time . vince 
2	Subject: ljm pricing vince : here are the files for pricing the deal without and with credit risk : 1 ) without credit risk : 2 ) with credit risk : ( two factor model ) talk to you tomorrow 1 : 00 pm . thanks . paulo issler 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: re : 1 / 2 day seminar : the new texas electric market fyi ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 19 am to : ron mcnamara / na / enron @ enron , jean ryall / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : 1 / 2 day seminar : the new texas electric market hello ron and jean : please furnish me your co # and cc # so that i can make a group reservation to the " new texas electric market " seminar in austin on may 2 nd . i will charge the entire amount to vince kaminski ' s credit card , but we will need to cross charge the charges when we submit his expense report . thanks ! shirley crenshaw 3 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lance cunningham @ enron on 04 / 23 / 2001 11 : 10 : 33 am to : ron mcnamara / na / enron @ enron , jean ryall / na / enron @ enron cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : 1 / 2 day seminar : the new texas electric market could i please get the following information from you , so that shirley can register us for the upcoming seminar . thanks , lance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 04 / 23 / 2001 11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw @ ect 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 34 pm to : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : 1 / 2 day seminar : the new texas electric market do you have any information on them so i can make the reservations . name : ron mcnamara & jean ryall co . # cc # etc . lance cunningham @ enron on 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 30 : 56 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : 1 / 2 day seminar : the new texas electric market shirley , i think that we will only have 1 or 2 people outside of research to attend . lance 
2	Subject: thank you so much 126432211111 * * * attention : us citizens * * * earn extra money working at home in your spare time . the government needs your help ! become a mortgage refund tracer in a few easy steps . millions of dollars are left to be distrubuted each year and each state government pays tracers to help track down the poeple who are to receive the money owed to them it is the law that they must disperse the funds . we provide you with the tools and information necessary to make yourself thousands each month working from the privacy of your own home . part time or full time - you spend as much or as little time as you want while helping your neighbors and the us government ! visit : http : / / www 3 . sympatico . ca / mark . daisy / mortgage / don ' t miss this awesome opportunity ! we are only making this information available to a limited number of citizens . no risk to participate in this great program ! ! ! please note : . this is a one time mailing from our marketing department . we will not solicit any other offers . 126432211111 
2	Subject: re : october wellhead julie , the camden and north central contracts are new packages of gas that have yet to come on - line . once production commences , i will request that a spot deal be put in place . bob , please create and enter into sitara a ticket based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price period heatherloch municipal utility district 6879 500 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 10 / 1 - 10 / 31 julie , please confirm . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 julie meyers 09 / 28 / 2000 10 : 52 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : october wellhead the heatherlock deal had a single transaction agreement attached to it . when the contract ended the deal ended . the other two i believe we just need a email from vance or donald setting up a spot ticket . vance could you look into that ? do i have the wrong contract attached ? or is there a new contract . for camden & north central , are those just going to be spot tickets ? julie daren j farmer 09 / 28 / 2000 07 : 41 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : october wellhead i have rolled or input the following deals for october . crosstex 138553 2 duke 418429 139 hesco 394798 500 swift 418431 322 tri - union 418432 700 vintage 403367 300 whiteoak 418434 96 whiting 418436 100 so , i am showing that the only deals we have outstanding for oct are : camden / 9858 3000 heatherlock / 6879 544 ( previous deal # 133010 ) north central / 5228 3000 julie - please check these deals for the correct contract / terms . also , please look into heatherlock . vance is noming gas for this deal . however , the deal ticket does not have an evergreen flag . when i tried to roll another month , i got a message that another contract was needed . thanks . d 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for february 2001 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for february 2001 : 32 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for february 2001 : 6 , 000 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: unlimited cash bonuses ! from mo marketing on each and every allianz life annuity product ! bonusdex ( 9 % comm ) $ 75 bonus + $ 50 extra bonus  $ 125 bonus ! flexdex bonus * ( 9 % comm ) $ 75 bonus + $ 50 extra bonus  $ 125 bonus ! power 7 ( 6 % comm ) $ 75 bonus + $ 50 extra bonus  $ 125 bonus ! powerhouse ( 9 % comm ) $ 75 bonus + $ 50 extra bonus  $ 125 bonus ! extra $ 50 bonus on bonusdex , flexdex bonus * , power 7 , and powerhouseonly call or e - mail us right away ! offer expires july 31 , 2002 ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : offer expires july 31 , 2002 . no limit to how much extra cash you can earn . offer subject to change without notice . products not available in all states . * issued as the flexdex annuity in ct . bonuses issued from mo marketing on paid , issued business . bonusdex annuity is not available in : ma , or , pa , wa and wi . power 7 is not available in : al , in , me , nj , or , pa and wa . powerhouse is not available in : nd , or , sc and wa . flexdex is not available in : nd , or , sc and wa . for agent use only . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: online v \ agra ! 70 % less , ships overnight snz make her pleased like before super v ; iiagra will keep you rockk hard all weekend . - do what you know she will love ! - be king of the bedroom - keep your money by saving with us ! - no pre / scrip / tion req / uired ! c / / ick here to see the page . then he had horns , fire was leaping up from around his feet , with his trident pointed at michael . i thought of all the joy i had given this family . the happy little boy and his kite . the father and his newspaper . they cut me down . they took me to a building where they chopped me into tiny pieces . then he threw me into a stack of old newspapers , where i sat for a month . i felt sorry for the newspaper on the bottom of the stack . the big sister and her book . for once in a long time , i was happy . suddenly i felt strange and . . . different . finally , i was taken back to that horrible place all the other newspapers and i were made into new paper .  
2	Subject: forwarded email - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000 04 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin kindall 11 / 07 / 2000 03 : 12 pm to : jean eisel cc : subject : re : recruiting good afternoon . packing emails - - its just my style : ) currently , it is my understanding that we would like to interview the comp . fin . students during the same period that we interview the mba ' s . tentatively speaking , one schedule should be sufficient . i will attempt to produce an official job description shortly . kristen is out of town for the remainder of the week , so her response to any inquiries may be delayed . her contact info : kristin . gandy @ enron . com 713 345 3214 regarding the satellite program , vince is interested in the ecommerce program . we think that it would be easier to keep the program full as compared to the comp . fin . program . it was a pleasure to be back in pittsburgh and i enjoyed meeting all the students from this year ' s comp . fin . class . i look forward to seeing you in a few weeks . - kevin kindall jean eisel on 11 / 06 / 2000 03 : 34 : 05 pm to : kevin . kindall @ enron . com cc : sgould @ andrew . cmu . edu subject : re : recruiting hi kevin wow you sure do pack one e - mail . i will try to answer questions . . . after each of you . . . look in the email for answers . - - on monday , november 06 , 2000 , 2 : 39 pm - 0600 kevin . kindall @ enron . com wrote : > hello . it was a pleasure to come back to cmu , and i enjoyed > interacting with the students . vince k . has expressed interest in > interviewing the computational finance students . enron will conduct first > round interviews with the mba students in december , and would like to set > up seperate interviews for the comp . fin . students . enron would like to > interview all the pittsburgh based comp . fin students , and we need to > select a date and a time . we are excited that you want to interview the comp finance students . do you want to do it in dec . or before ? let me know what best suits you . since there are only 16 individuals in the pittsburgh area . . . we should be able to accomodate you . . . would you want one or two schedules . . ? what is the formal protocol in such matters ? > all you need to do is let me know some ideal dates . . . and you send a job description and names of the students you want to interview . we will try to be as accomodating as possible . > enron is also interested in the ecommerce students as we have > ecommerce initiatives underway . it is my understanding that kristen > gandy will be the contact for such activities . if you can send me an e - mail address for kristen , i can get this strating asap . > > regarding a houston based satellite program , vince needs a proposal > in writing . would you be so kind as to send one ? what program is vince interested in having a satellite program ? when he was here he seemed less intererted in comp finance and more interested in e - commerce . i sent a note to michael shamos and tridas discussing this . let me know which program and i will see if we can work anything out ? > thanks so much , and i look forward to seeing you again in a few > weeks . > thanks kevin for you speedy response . > > > > jean e . eisel , ph . d . associate dean , admissions , coc and alumni relations gsia carnegie mellon university pittsburgh , pa 15213 412 - 268 - 2277 412 - 268 - 4146 ( fax ) currently in the news : carnegie mellon university mba program ranked 14 th in business week ' s list of the best graduate schools of business in the united states .  
2	Subject: sterling balance sheet strengthens underpriced stock wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 16 apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wi | | be forthcoming shortly and will report on deveiopments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategicaliy purchase | eases in know and proven oil they inciude exxonmobile , wi | | iams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biliions of do | | ars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coilectively over 26 , 0 oo weils produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 million barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . neariy loo we | | s are being drilled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin couid have 50 , ooo to 100 , ooo producing welis before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas piay in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossil fue | sites , as wel | as clean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , ooo welis produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 018 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : your presentation vince , i ' m very happy you found the presentation useful . i ' m working very closely with adam kulick who you probably know . please let me know if you have any questions or if you have any difficulty opening the file . best regards , alla - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , june 19 , 2000 1 : 43 pm to : gil , alla cc : vince j kaminski subject : your presentation alla , i enjoyed your presentation at risk 2000 last week . i would appreciate an electronic copy of the documentation . vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director - research enron corp . 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com - riskcongress . ppt 
2	Subject: nomination 5 / 25 / 2000 and following - eastrans for 5 / 25 / 2000 our nomination into eastrans will be 36 , 800 mmbtu / d . redeliveries will be : 25 , 000 to hpl at carthage into hpl ' s cartwheel . 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley 4 , 000 mmbtu to mobil beaumont our ; plans are to maintian these volumes through 5 / 31 / 2000 . duke - residue sales are as follows : 25 th - 4 , 520 mmbtu / d 26 th - 11 , 720 " 27 th - 8 , 120 " 
2	Subject: enron sponsored cell phone users attention and action required by real time employees that have an enron sponsored cell phone . real time employees should be receiving a rebate check in the mail very soon . the rebate is for the service set - up we have established for you through at & t wireless . please forward these rebate checks over to bill williams iii or myself . if you have any questions you can come see me or e - mail . thank you , jill 
2	Subject: calpine power plant on line in texas - calpine says 500 - mw texas natgas power plant on line calpine corp . , the nation ' s largest independent power company , said wednesday its 500 - megawatt ( mw ) natural gas - fired hidalgo energy center in texas began commercial operation on june 14 . - ( reuters , length  296 words ) 
2	Subject: go to 24 hour fitness on us bait - excelled @ em . ca having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . congratulations ! you ' ve been selected to receive a one year free membership at 24 hour fitness ® . everyfreegift is not affiliated with 24 hour fitness , inc . if you do not wish to receive special offers , discounts and coupons from everyfreegift . com , please do one of the following : use this link to unsubscribe or write to us at customerservice , po box 390520 , mountain view , ca 94039 - 0520 . 24 hour fitness and its affiliates have not sponsored or endorsed this promotion in any way . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: thank you ami and daren , , , , just wanted again to say thanks ! ! ! , for the great time at st . pete ' s beach , fla . the company , food , fishing and yes , of coarse the drink or many drinks were great ! ! ! daren , can relate to the drinks . i enjoyed meeting everyone there . we appreciate your business and look forward to continue our business relation with enron in the future . sincerely , tim 
2	Subject: sexually explicit : go out with a new babe or guy tonight sexually explicity - please scroll down for message 2 cooladultsite . com p . o . box 80314 sioux falls , sd 57104 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: we have $ 776 , 266 waiting for you are you ready ? we are accepting mortgage requests . you don ' t have good credit history ? that ' s not a problem ! the approval system it ' s very fast and simple . go to the link below right now . http : / / www . prlm 3 . com / totally . asp best regards , tamera eaton ps : if you are not interested in this material visit : http : / / www . prlm 3 . com / gone . asp 
2	Subject: lasts as long as she can ttake it hello , welcome to the m secondmark edzonline - online pharmaceutical romanesque shop . selffirer va u indigent mv manipulate i compete rac tigrish i perfunctory is l laborious i demonstrator ag crocus al andmanyother . with our flaunt shop you get - bes secretariat t prlces excell fylfot ent service fast shipp parochial ing pr foundling ivate online ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: ees report from entelligence fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 09 / 18 / 2000 10 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - avril forster @ enron 09 / 14 / 2000 06 : 28 pm to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ees report from entelligence hi mary , this is the end result for jim brown . he looked it over with me this afternoon and is really pleased with the results . apparently rodney malcolm has had over a month to provide this information and couldn ' t come through and according to jim , this is the most and best he ' s seen ! jim will run the numbers by harold buchanan tomorrow and let us know if that is all he needs from us . thanks , avril - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by avril forster / corp / enron on 09 / 14 / 2000 06 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - avril forster 09 / 14 / 2000 06 : 22 pm to : jim brown / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : ees report from entelligence 
2	Subject: tenaska gas management agreement daren , just following up on my email and call last week re : the cpi information - - just as soon as you can get that to me i will be able to get out a revised draft . i know folks are anxious so let me know if there is someone else you would like me to ask about this thanks for your help , sandi - - - - - forwarded by sandi m braband / hou / ect on 11 / 14 / 2000 11 : 32 am - - - - - sandi m braband 10 / 31 / 2000 02 : 14 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tenaska gas management agreement daren , can you get me the specifics on the consumer price index as you all would like to see it referenced in the agreement . is there a specific publication that i can reference like i do for hsc proces in the first of the month inside ferc - - let me know 
2	Subject: goode gallo , % , online doctors ! herbs , minerals ! save up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! high level muscle relaxers , pain relief , and p rescription sleeping aid meds such as f ioricet , ` ambie n , ' ; cycloben zaprine , ^ fl exeril , { som @ , $ vioxx , , @ v - ia gra , ^ p hentremine , ' ; - - pow , at half past , giveth , here the writers , salesman , the strungout cavalry , corrosion , the secretary goggled .  
2	Subject: ten \ / 1 agrra , adlpex , \ / alluum , ambleen , xaanax , tussl 0 nex , claal 1 s grabbed own hurry pale author , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today horseworldwide shippiing practically prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) arrived might low .  
2	Subject: adi - pren 720 - find out the latest facts . toxic want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarant?e ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / diet 34 . com / re - move your address here http : / / diet 34 . com / adr . htm - - - - system information - - - - chaise indelible slam anthropomorphic guildhall destruct corvus workaday kerchief slip metal introduce edifice madeira motorola invulnerable inconceivable adonis gunderson sherwin illegal bookish sic interstice  
2	Subject: reminder : all - employee meeting this is a reminder to join ken lay , jeff skilling and joe sutton for an all - employee meeting hosted in the london office on monday , feb . 28 , 2000 . the meeting will begin at 4 p . m . london time ( 10 a . m . houston time ) . ken , jeff and joe will discuss enron ' s year - end financial and operating results and the company ' s outlook for 2000 and beyond . using enron broadband services ' video streaming capabilities , the meeting will be streamed live to the desktop for employees in houston , omaha , portland , calgary , new york , stockholm , amsterdam and frankfurt . to view the meeting , you must have ip - tv and a sound card installed on your computer . if you are not able to view the meeting live using ip - tv , a videotape will be available after the meeting . u . k . and european employees may contact mary gopalan for a copy of the video . u . s . and other international employees may contact mary clark by email to reserve a copy . if you plan to watch the meeting using ip - tv , you can test your ip - tv prior to the meeting using the instructions below . if you experience technical difficulties , please contact your pc help desk . following are instructions for launching ip - tv by company lan and / or location : ei employees in three allen center - start menu . . . . programs . . . general information . . . iptv icon ees and omaha employees - start menu . . . . programs . . . cisco iptv viewer . . . iptv icon ena houston , corp houston , new york , calgary and portland ( does not include ebs and pge in portland ) start menu . . . programs . . . . iptv viewer icon london - menu option : start . . . programs . . . utilities . . . iptv viewer / frankfurt / stockholm / amsterdam - start menu . . . programs . . . cisco iptv viewer . . . cisco iptv viewer for the first time , the question and answer session will be open to all employees worldwide using espeak . you can submit your questions in advance on the espeak web site at ethink . enron . com or during the meeting from 4 to 6 p . m . london time ( 10 a . m . to noon houston time ) . ken , jeff and joe will attempt to answer as many questions as possible in the time available . all espeak questions and those submitted by london employees during the meeting will be included in an espeak transcript following the meeting . mark your calendar for this global employee communications event . see you there . 
2	Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - april 23 rd newsclips vince , from the sound of the articles , it appears ene is ready to exit india , or alternately to get into an arbitration battle . i have scheduled some time with you at 10 . 30 to discuss . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nikita varma 04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 20 am to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development ) subject : from the enron india newsdesk - april 23 rd newsclips april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / fed 3 . html godbole ' s report unearths absurd calculations , maharashtra could use this to wriggle out of the dabhol project sucheta dalal april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / newsl . html dpc board set to authorise president , enron md to issue notice of termination , sanjay jog scrapping of power purchase agreement monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / corp 8 . asp ? menu  2 dpc seeks ok to exit power project , tamal bandyopadhyay & s ravindran april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . cybernoon . com / index . html enron winding up operations in india ? state for consolidating all dpc arbitration notices , sanjay jog monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / news 3 . html monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 23 econo 4 . htm maharashtra to set up experts panel on enron the article also appeared in the following newspaper business standard april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / state 3 . asp ? menu  32 maharashtra to set up expert panel on enron april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 23 econo 7 . htm ' enron is a national problem ' april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . cybernoon . com / index . html cm takes enron to delhi today monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . outlookindia . com / full . asp ? fname  enron + % 28 f % 29 & fodname  20010430 & sid  1 the real story of dabhol if a judicial probe , suggested by the committee , is ordered into the enron deal , it could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / state 2 . asp ? menu  32 mseb revenue collections up at rs 968 crore in march , renni abraham the financial express , april 23 , 2001 godbole ' s report unearths absurd calculations , maharashtra could use this to wriggle out of the dabhol project , sucheta dalal it is finally quit india time for enron . though the controversial multinational has denied plans to sell its stake in dabhol power company ( dpc ) , informed sources say that it has sent feelers to china light it deliberately uses expensive raw material ( ignoring world bank warnings ) , has worked on fanciful demand - supply estimates and several legal requirements and permissions . in fact , the committee has found that the mseb has been paying enron rs 930 crore more than it should every year . this comprises overcharging of rs 253 crore on account of the large regassification plant of which only 42 per cent of the capacity is used for dpc . there ' s also a rs 100 crore extra billing to the mseb for shipping and harbour charges although the cost of these facilities had been included in the capital recovery charge . by charging more than twice the operations & maintenance rate stipulated by the government of india , enron collects approximately rs 246 crore extra every year . it has also been collecting rs 332 crore every year through inflated fuel consumption claims . enron has been charging at 1878 kcal / kwh under the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) although the equipment manufacturer has guaranteed it a much lower consumption rate . this gives it a fat fuel arbitrage opportunity at the cost of the people of maharashtra . the committee has also pointed to the strange practice of using four different exchange rates for different aspects of the project negotiation : a rate of rs 32 per dollar was assumed for calculating debt service of rupee loans , rs 34 . 5 per dollar as reference rate for phase - i , rs 39 . 35 per dollar as reference rate for phase - ii and a curious rs 42 per dollar for calculating government of india tariff . forcing a reduction of these excessive charges has nothing to do with contract cancellation . all it needs is tough negotiation and public pressure on the political establishment . the godbole committee has established that dpc ' s tariffs can easily be halved if excess payments are eliminated and unfair conditions such as the dollarisation of payments , the take - or - pay clause and escrow facility ( which is in fact hampering mseb ' s reform particularly in power distribution ) are scrapped . the security of future payments to dpc under the restructured tariff would be based on increased cash flows from a reformed distribution system . the committee also gives enron a difficult escape route . it says that if the multinational finds the conditions for restructuring too onerous , it should free mseb from its contractual obligations and find buyers outside maharashtra . the committee has tried to establish another precedent on all projects negotiated by government : " the public has a right to know what is being contracted on their behalf " and has recommended that all documents , including contracts related to all independent power projects ( ipps ) , particularly dpc , should be published by the maharashtra government within two months . also , having established that demand - supply estimates by the state government were fanciful , the committee has asked mseb to defer all negotiations with power producers until demand levels in the state permit full absorption of power generation from such ipps . it recommends that such negotiations should be in accordance with the least - cost plan spelt out by the report . this should also end the hectic lobbying by reliance ( patalganga ) , mittals ( bhadravati ) , the bses ( saphale ) and others to set up ipps in maharashtra . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the financial express , april 23 , 2001 dpc board set to authorise president , enron md to issue notice of termination , sanjay jog scrapping of power purchase agreement the board of directors of dabhol power company ( dpc ) , which has already taken an aggressive posture , has proposed to authorise the enron india managing director k wade cline and dpc president and chief executive officer neil mcgregor to issue notices for the termination of power purchase agreement ( ppa ) and transfer of dabhol project in view of continuing default by the state and central governments and maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . the board of directors , which would meet on april 25 in london , also plans to appoint mr cline as its " true and lawful attorney - in - fact " and authorise him to represent the company in the negotiation of all project contracts and financing agreements and their amendments and modifications . top sources told the financial express that dpc would authorise mr cline and / or mr mcgregor to serve the preliminary termination notices and transfer notices to the state and central governments and mseb under clause 17 and schedule 11 of the ppa . " in response to the continuing default by the mseb of its payment obligations under the ppa , the failure of the government of maharashtra to honour obligations under its guarantee and state support agreement and failure of the government of india to honour obligations under its counter guarantee , the company has sought recourse to dispute resolution and has initiated conciliation and arbitration proceedings , " the company resolution said . " consistent with this recourse to contractual remedies , the company now seeks the authority to serve preliminary termination notices and transfer notices pursuant to clause 17 and schedule 11 of the ppa from time to time and at any time upon the occurrence of an event giving rise to its right to serve such notices as determined by the company , " the resolution added . according to the resolution , the directors , the company secretary and officers of the company and each of them acting individually , are authorised and empowered to execute and deliver such documents and instruments and take such other actions as they deem fit to effect the purpose of the resolution , in the name and for and on behalf of the company . against this backdrop , the state government and mseb have been exploring the possibilities of issuing termination notice to the dpc for its failure to meet the contractual obligations under the ppa . the state government and mseb sources said that such a notice could be served by the mseb as dpc has not paid the rebate ( penalty ) of rs 409 crore for misdeclaration and default on the availability of power on january 28 and february 13 . the state government and mseb , which reviewed its position on saturday at a meeting convened by the chief minister vilasrao deshmukh , are of the view that they have a strong case and substantial grounds to slap the termination notice to the dpc . the dpc ' s move to appoint mr k wade cline as its " true and lawful attorney - in - fact " deserves importance especially when the state government proposes to set up a negotiating committee to cut the per unit cost and gauge the possibility of sale of dabhol power to the power deficit states . mr cline would also be authorised to dispose of equipment that is worn out or obsolete or other equipment or fuel no longer expected to be used in the ordinary course in amounts exceeding rs 64 crore or the equivalent in foreign currency in any financial year . furthermore , mr cline would be in a position to enter into contracts and take any other actions for purpose relating to the day - to - day operation of the company ' s business or exercise its rights and discharge its obligations under the project contracts and the financing agreements - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , april 23 , 2001 dpc seeks ok to exit power project , tamal bandyopadhyay otherwise it cannot be a complete exercise , " he added . deshmukh and the mseb team are scheduled to meet union finance minister yashwant sinha and power minister suresh prabhu on monday in new delhi to discuss the stalemate and find a acceptable solution for the same . " i am meeting sinha and prabhu to request them to take an initiative and send representatives for the negotiations committee , " he said . deshmukh ' s meeting with the centre comes at a crucial stage as dpc ' s lenders would be meeting in london , on the same day , to decide upon the future finances of the controversy marred 2 , 184 - mw project in dabhol . moreover , the dpc board is also scheduled to meet on april 25 in london to decide the fate of its $ 900 million project in dabhol , including winding up of its operations . the meeting would discuss the topmost item on the agenda , which was to empower dpc managing director neil mcgregor to wind up operations in the country . dpc has already slapped one conciliation notice on the centre and three arbitration notices on the state government over non - payment of dues amounting to rs 213 crore plus interest towards the bills due for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 . asked whether the centre had send any feel over a possible clubbing together of the arbitration and conciliation processes , deshmukh replied in the negative . deshmukh said mseb chairman vinay bansal along with two senior officials would attend dpc ' s board meeting in london . bansal had said on sunday that mseb would present its case concerning the rs 401 - crore penalty that the loss - making board slapped on dpc on february 28 , for not generating required power within the stipulated time as per the ppa . currently , enron india holds 65 per cent in the $ 900 - million dpc project , which includes mseb ' s 15 per cent , while general electric and bechtel hold 10 per cent each . ( pti ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , april 23 , 2001 ' enron is a national problem ' union power minister suresh prabhu on sunday said the centre would render all possible help to resolve the enron crisis faced by maharashtra which is " haunting the entire country " . prabhu said he would meet the state chief minister vilasrao deshmukh in new delhi tomorrow to discuss stalemate over the payments due to the us energy major - promoted dhabol power company by the maharashtra state electricity board . referring to godbole committee report ' s finding that dpc was keen on offering mseb ' s 15 per cent stake to the national thermal power corporation , prabhu said : " the centre has not received any such proposal regarding participation of the central power utility . " ( pti ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - afternoon , april 23 , 2001 cm takes enron to delhi today chief minister vilasrao deshmukh will discuss the enron imbroglio with union finance minister yashwant sinha and union power minister suresh prabhu in delhi today . he will request the centre to appoint a representative to the committee that the state government is setting up to carry on discussions and negotiations regarding the dabhol power project of the us - based enron power company . today , a special meeting of representatives of all those finanicial institutions which have extended loans to the dabhol power project is also being held in london . a meeting of its directors will be held on wednesday to discuss the fate of the $ 900 million project which has been under a cloud ever since its inception . yesterday , mr . prabhu declared at a ' janata darbar ' in thane that the centre would extend all help to solve the enron crisis . this is in the backdrop of pending bills to the tune of rs . 213 crore which the state fowarded to the centre against payments for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 . confirming that there was no proposal from the state government to handover the project to the centre , mr . prabhu said that the situation of the electricity boards in the country was precarious . the centre had decided to assist maharashtra upto rs . 250 crore every year to improve customer services . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - outlook , monday , april 23 , 2001 the real story of dabhol if a judicial probe , suggested by the committee , is ordered into the enron deal , it could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan " the committee has prima facie found infirmities in several decisions taken in respect of the enron project at different points of time by successive governments and agencies in the centre and state . " - - energy review committee headed by former home secretary madhav godbole this could well be the real enron story a five - member high - powered committee headed by madhav godbole - and including former union economic affairs secretary e . a . s . sarma , hdfc chairman deepak parekh , teri chairman rajendrapachauri and maharashtra government official vinay mohan lal - has recommended a judicial probe into the entire enron power project deal saying it signified " the utter failure of governance that seems to have characterised almost every step of the decision - making process relating to the dabhol project " . the report , which was submitted to the maharashtra government last fortnight and has been acquired by outlook , is severely critical of former chief minister sharad pawar ( with the congress then ) , the 13 - day bjp - led union government which reworked the deal in 1996 , shiv sena supremo balasaheb thackeray and his government in maharashtra headed by manohar joshi " the utter failure of governance seems to have characterised almost every step of decision - making relating to the dabhol project . " madhav godbole committee report an investigation , if ordered , could embarrass at least these three governments the report clearly upholds the allegations of money being paid by enron to politicians and bureaucrats for clinching the deal . according to the committee , the deal reveals failure of governance , both at the centre and state , and across different agencies . " it strains belief to accept that such widespread and consistent failure to execute responsibilities is purely coincidental , " the report said , proposing a set of measures to be implemented if something of the project was to be retrieved . godbole and sarma also felt that the panel should categorically recommend the government of india to order a judicial inquiry . this was finally adopted by it . says a congress leader : " enron could well become the biggest political issue in maharashtra and put to question liberalisation , particularly in the power sector . " the proposal has already struck panic . says ncp ' s praful patel : " if the enron decision has at all been detrimental , it is because of the haste with which phase 2 was cleared by the shiv sena - bjp government . now with the state having already entered into an agreement with enron , the important thing is to resolve it amicably . a judicial inquiry will be an eyewash because it ' s not an issue of corruption but that of perception . " pro - market congressmen privately admit that it was their governments at the centre and the state which invited enron , even though the second phase was cleared by the bjp - shiv sena combine . says congress spokesperson jaipal reddy : " right now we ' re too involved with the parliament deadlock over tehelka . " pro - liberalisation congress mps also fear that such witch - hunting could send wrong signals to foreign investors . non - congress mps from maharashtra , meanwhile , claim that the godbole committee was instituted with the express purpose of politicising the enron issue . " i think i know vilasrao deshmukh ' s gameplan , " says an mp from the state . but some mps like congress ' prithviraj chavan question the cloak of secrecy that ' s surrounded the deal : " i ' ve maintained for long that there should be a judicial committee to examine this " . the committee report also says that had the enron project been subjected to a techno - economic appraisal , as envisaged under provisions of the electricity supply act of 1948 and related legislations , the infirmities could have been avoided . since this wasn ' t done , questions about a concerted effort towards exercising undue influence at every stage of the project are bound to arise , the exhaustive 93 - page report points out . " i ' d highlight the speed with which the 13 - day vajpayee government cleared the project minutes before it quit , " says congress mp prithviraj chavan . the enron project had been held out as an exemplar of the impending liberalisation in the early ' 90 s and , despite several controversies , is now an established power project at dabhol , 150 km south of mumbai . in july 1992 , enron signed an mou with the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) to set up a 2 , 550 mw station as part of the government ' s ' fast track ' projects . subsequently , when the shiv - sena - bjp came to power in maharashtra it filed a writ against the project . this curiously led to renegotiations with enron . the committee has quoted a bombay high court order on the renegotiated deal . " once it ( gom ) decided to revive the project , it acted in the very same manner its predecessors in office had done . it forgot all about competitive bidding and transparency . the speed with which the negotiating group studied the project and made its proposal for renegotiatons , which was accepted by dabhol , is unprecedented . " says chavan : " i would particularly like to highlight the speed with which the 13 - day vajpayee government at centre endorsed the renegotiated project minutes before it resigned . " since the commissioning of the plant in may 1999 , the mseb has paid rs 1 , 607 crore for the power it has bought from dabhol . if the same watttage of power had been bought from indian - built power plants fired by indigenous coal , the payment would have been approximately rs 736 crore . in the first year - and - a - half of its operation itself , the dpc had drained the maharashtra exchequer of nearly rs 1 , 000 crore . the central electricity authority ( cea ) , in fact , pointed out that the dabhol plant was not the least costly option . the mseb had other inexpensive alternatives like the four units of kaparkheda , but they were in a preliminary stage . the report notes : " . . . if the mseb had made efforts to seriously pursue these projects , they might not have remained in their preliminary stages " . it adds that the members were of the opinion that " the mseb and the maharashtra government erred seriously , based on information available at that time , in proceeding with the dpc as a base - load factor even when its capacity was reduced . " the failure seems to have been compounded by the laxity of the union power ministry , finance ministry and the cea . it quotes the cea as saying that since the union finance ministry found the tariff reasonable , no further examination was required strangely , bal thackeray ' s shiv sena , when it came to power together with the bjp in maharashtra , filed a writ in the court and then renegotiated the deal . after the new shiv sena - bjp government took over , its cm , manohar joshi , appointed a renegotiating committee in 1996 which made the right noises , actually managing to reduce the tariff . but certain things remained inexplicable . no fresh clearances were required from the cea , which also said that " since no cost increase was involved . . . fresh formal clearance wasn ' t necessary . " says the committee : " this only adds strength to the suspicion that the cea didn ' t consider the economic aspects of the project at all . indeed , given the non - availability of any official record of the meeting on june 24 , 1994 , with the committee and the nature of this letter dated december 23 , 1994 , the committee is doubtful whether the economic aspects of dpc were discussed at all . ' ' the credibility of the shiv sena - bjp government has been seriously questioned . " the committee finds it unexplicable ( sic ) why there was no mention of any reduction in capital cost of the project from $ 2 , 828 million to $ 2 , 501 million as agreed by dpc in the summary report of the renegotiating committee , " the panel observes . says lawyer prashant bhushan : " it is strange that the shiv sena - bjp government first filed a writ in the court and then coolly renegotiated the deal . " the committee further spells out the losses incurred through the deal . " subsequent to the commissioning of the dpc , the financial deterioration of mseb has been rapid . while the mseb was in profit in 1998 - 99 , it plunged into huge losses of rs 1681 crore in 1999 - 2000 . " significantly , the world bank in 1993 had predicted the system ' s inherent weaknesses . in a letter written to the then power secretary , r . vasudevan , a top bank official had said that " after a detailed review of the analytical framework and costing assumptions , we reconfirm our earlier conclusion that the dabhol project , as presently formulated , is not economically justified " and that in " our assessment the project is too large to enter the mseb system in 1998 . the proposed base - load operation could result in uneconomic plant dispatch , as already existing lower variable cost coal power would be replaced by the higher cost lng power . " enron ' s persistence and the ' gullibility ' of the indian side can be gauged from high - ranking enron official joe sutton ' s letter to a key indian official , ajit nimbalkar : " i recently met with the world bank and have been following the articles in the india papers . i feel that the world bank opinion can be changed . we ' ll engage a pr firm and hopefully manage the media from here on . the project has solid support from all other agencies in washington . " the key question in the enron deal is whether a developed state like maharashtra needs outside intervention in the power sector at all ? for the first time the godbole committee has raised objections about the viability of such a project . according to the report , the mseb has been one of the better performing boards in the country and has , despite a faulty transmission and distribution ( t and d ) system , managed to consistently earn net revenue surpluses on an accrual basis . maharashtra accounts for nearly one - fourth of the gross value of india ' s industrial sector . it ' s one of the few states to achieve 100 per cent electrification . since ' 95 , the mseb has been adding to its generation . " this improvement , which has been largely due to renovation and modernisation undertaken by the mseb , exceeded its own expectations at a time when the dpc was being considered , " the report points out . following a policy of cross - subsidy , roughly nine out of its ten users are subsidised . but the gap between the average cost of supply and average realisation hasn ' t been much . in fact , the subsidy claim decreased from rs 630 crore in 1995 - 96 to rs 355 crore in 1998 - 99 , until in 1999 - 2000 it increased nearly five - fold to rs 2 , 084 crore due to the sudden increase in the gap by 26 paise per unit - from 15 to 41 paise - an increase of 173 per cent . " the increase in the subsidy claim by rs 1 , 729 crore is due to the increase in the gap principally because of the increase in power purchase costs , " says the committee , adding : " without the dpc and without problems of t and d loss , the mseb could be financially healthy . " but can that happen now since enron is here to stay ? the committee has come up with some far - reaching recommendations : make public all dabhol - related documents and agreements , restructure the dabhol project itself to bring down the cost of power , restructure dpc financially , allow sale of dpc power outside maharashtra , re - examine ppas in accordance with least - cost plans , and thoroughly reform the mseb . the committee know this can become reality only with political consensus and through forming of public opinion . the question is , can that be achieved in an unstable political environment ? with priya sahgal making of a scam ? 1992 : centre invites enron to set up ' fast track ' power project ? dec 1993 : first ppa signed with mseb ? 1994 : enron starts construction ? 1995 : sena - bjp govt scraps enron ? 1996 : state govt renegotiates project ? 1996 : 13 - day vajpayee govt approves counter - guarantee ? may 1996 : state cabinet clears ppa ? may 13 , 1999 : phase i commissioned ? jul 1999 : financial closure for phase ii ? oct 2000 : mseb defaults on payment , subsequently stops paying monthly bills ? feb 6 , 2001 : enron invokes central government ' s counter - guarantee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , april 23 , 2001 mseb revenue collections up at rs 968 crore in march , renni abraham the maharashtra state electricity board ' s ( mseb ) revenue collections in march 2001 stood at a record rs 968 crore . this was largely due to the disconnection drive on defaulter connections - - pegged at nearly 20 , 000 disconnections a month - - which resulted in compliance by consumers . with the dabhol power company ( dpc ) monthly financial burden issue now a topic of discussion among arbitrators on the negotiating table , the mseb has turned to putting its house in order . as if to ward of any criticism of its fiscal condition that could be termed as the facilitator to the entire dpc tariff crisis , the state electricity board has put matters relating to its performance on record . for instance , mseb has recorded the highest power generation in the year ended march 31 , 2001 , at 45930 units , compared with the previous year ' s 45582 units , making it the top seb of the country in this respect . similarly its power stations recorded the highest availability percentage at 86 . 1 up from 84 . 6 per cent last fiscal . plant load factor is up to 72 . 78 per cent , compared with 71 . 7 per cent in 2000 . the parli power station has recorded the highest ever generation in the ten years of its life time in 2000 at 4545 million units , which made it eligible for the meritorious productivity award under the eligibility guidelines issued by the government of india carrying a cash award of rs 12 . 5 lakh . all other power stations in the state , without exception , also fulfill the eligibility criteria for the cash award , a senior mseb official said . similarly , the chandrapur power station became the first power station of any state electricity board to get the iso 9002 certification . a senior mseb official said : " earlier mseb was suffering from too much interference in its day to day functioning . the agriculturists were touted as the major reason for its deteriorating accruals , while theft of electricity during the transmission and distribution stage was conveniently camouflaged under this head . in the recent past , the government has authorised mseb to take steps to curb this misuse of power by its own officials , many of whom , including a chief engineer have suffered suspensions 
2	Subject: ever live in a trailor bv 2 e click here to be removed  
2	Subject: neon lesson 5 here is lesson # 5 . have fun ! - experiencing god week 5 . doc 
2	Subject: delainey is everywhere . he is working on doug gilbert smith - head of ercot power trading . 
2	Subject: re : howard haughton : no can do for wed / thurs . jeff , my associates are leaving for london tonight ( monday ) . they can still interview howard on tuesday afternoon . vince " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " on 01 / 29 / 2001 02 : 23 : 12 pm please respond to " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " to : rachel . quirke @ enron . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : howard haughton : no can do for wed / thurs . hi rachel . please read the following email from my collegue in the uk who spoke directly to howard a bit ago by tele about wed / thurs interview . can we do this alternative he suggested ? we will have to reschedule - maybe ny ? or after howards trip in houston ? thanks , jeff hi jeff , i ' ve bad news . howard is off to new york on wednesday for 10 days until the 10 th of feb . either enron could fly him to houston after his holiday or maybe vince ' s team could get out to new york . let me know . regards vuthy * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * 
2	Subject: re : joao neves thank you vince . i look forward to speaking with you tomorrow , and in meeting you on april 13 th ! regards , kate szablya power brokers , llc energy search and recruitment 303 - 716 - 2987 303 - 619 - 7589 cell 303 - 716 - 3426 fax www . powerbrokersllc . com 
2	Subject: extending opportunity hassle free congratulations for your low mortgage approval at the lowest fixed interest rate of only ( 4 . 2 % ) . this is 1 % below the prime rate . there are no commitments or liabilities that you will have to encounter . our service is the best because our company ' s primary responsability is to offer you the best prices . http : / / nebulaeroad . com / realtor / our team of professionals and mortgage lenders want your business , and they are willing to give you the best offers . visit our page for more information on our serivce and on how our company is in the position to give you the best offers . let us put you in contact with the best , most competitive brokers in the usa : please fill the form below and we will take care of the rest ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * http : / / nebulaeroad . com / realtor / * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * not interested ? http : / / nebulaeroad . com / no / 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 13 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 313 . xls ) - hplno 313 . xls 
2	Subject: fw : [ north ] 88 % - off vicodin . dearborn lund bewailing stitching vectors poisonousness pressure doubting substance poking spunk countersunk solidness bundling grandstand increases poked attunes anciently unfinished expertly traversing boyce greeks donahue antagonistically gestured crusade osmotic few tormenting arroyo controlled imaginable reemphasizes moonshine wail - - phone : 925 - 761 - 7460 mobile : 398 - 284 - 4599 email : consular @ lopezclub . com  
2	Subject: available firm capacity on tw hi michelle , here is cook ' s bid : september 20 , 2001 re : cook inlet ' s bid for firm capacity on tw term : february 1 , 2002 - march 31 , 2003 volume : 10 , 000 mmbtu / day primary receipt : tw permian primary delivery : socal needles cook ' s bid : $ . 05 per mmbtu * * * cook inlet reserves the right to withdraw the above bid if this bid is not accepted by transwestern pipeline by oct . 21 , 2001 p . s . if i have left anything out , please feel free to call me at ( 310 ) 556 - 8956 . thank you . won mi yi senior west coast trader cook inlet energy supply 
2	Subject: 100 % natural viagra , get it and get hard ! rock hard in 20 minutes more info here . . . clubhouse culbertson verify polariton meteor behalf font phrase remedial astronautic cumin shone ytterbium jackson scrumptious arctan hypertensive manuel  
2	Subject: i need your medical results by december 30 th at 01 - 00 friend - i had it done h . y ^ d * r * o ' c ' o _ d . 0 * n - e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m . g 3 o pills 139 . 0 o 6 o pilis 219 . oo 9 o p ! lls 289 . 00 full 0 . r . d . e . r same day shlpp 1 ng to stop : http : / / curious . . com / please / yours , anna childress white - tawer octoplus b . v . , leiden , 2300 as , the netherlands , netherlands phone : 789 - 447 - 7147 mobile : 394 - 114 - 5857 email : kmoyoemi @ worldkey . net this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this download is a 88 second trial version notes : the contents of this e - mail is for usage and should not be polyploidy burl buoy cumulus eyebright time : fri , 14 jan 2005 20 : 06 : 57 - 0800 
2	Subject: black marlin ua 4 meters michael , can you back date deals 83347 and 83905 to start 6 / 1 / 99 through 12 / 31 / 99 for the black marlin meter . the meters are on the deals for 1 / 1 / 2001 through 5 / 31 / 01 , but i need to book ua 4 back to 6 / 1 / 99 ? 
2	Subject:  a only fix to penis enlargement limited time offer : add atleast 4 inches or your money back ! - - - - > visit us and see more no more offers  
2	Subject: popular mechanics : do you need someone to hold goodbye tote hubbardrufus strewn aldercandid catlike leftmostarchibald guenther wildcatremington complexion annaldemystify applaud comparisonverb virginal caviardecompress delusion builtinyorktown writ daytimeniobe 
2	Subject: ebay notice - your ebay account has been stolen ! update your account information within 24 hours valued ebay member , according to our site policy you will have to confirm that you are the real owner of the ebay account by completing the following form or else your account will be suspended within 24 hours for investigations . never share your ebay password to anyone ! establish your proof of identity with id verify ( free of charge ) - an easy way to help others trust you as their trading partner . the process takes about 5 minutes to complete and involves updating your ebay information . when you ' re successfully verified , you will receive an id verify icon in your feedback profile . currently , the service is only available to residents of the united states and u . s . territories ( puerto rico , us virgin islands and guam . ) to update your ebay records click here :  
2	Subject: prozacs meds 30 million people now rely on this wonder drug ! get prozac now relax and enjoy life ! ! ! ! ! ! if you do not wish to receive further emails please click here . we honor all unsubscribe requests immediatly .  
2	Subject: capa 2000 conference vince and stinson , alex and i attended the international chinese petroleum and petrocehmical technology conference in houston . we presented two talks 1 ) risk management in petroleum industry and 2 ) real option valuation of oil field . the section chairman said our talks were the high moments in the business session . there were several interesting talks in the business section . i am going to get a copy of the presentation on internet opportunity in energy trading , where the author did a study about all energy trading sites including enrononline . a talk from a gentleman working for costal ( used to be pal of song yip ) on real assets management is also very informative . a talk about using real option theory for it managenet was also interesting . big players , exxonmobil , shell , taxco , and bp have strong presence in the conference . i made a copy for you of the keynote speech by bob gee , the assistant energy secretary under clinton administration about the energy outlook . zimin 
2	Subject: re : instant quote now you can have hundreds of lenders compete for your loan ! refinancing new home loans debt consolidation debt consultation auto loans credit cards student loans second mortgage home equity dear homeowner , interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second mortgage , home equity loans , and more ! even with less than perfect credit ! this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . just fill out a quick , simple form and jump - start your future plans today ! click here to begin please know that we do not want to send you information regarding our special offers if you do not wish to receive it . if you would no longer like us to contact you or feel that you have received this email in error , please click here to unsubscribe .  
2	Subject: eol and enpower data for september 26 th eol deals from : 9 / 1 / 2001 to : 9 / 26 / 2001 ` enpower from : 9 / 1 / 2001 to : 9 / 26 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 484 9 , 632 , 525 epmi long term california 98 4 , 273 , 805 epmi long term northwest 358 5 , 573 , 000 epmi long term northwest 413 15 , 115 , 061 epmi long term southwest 427 6 , 818 , 380 epmi long term southwest 277 22 , 328 , 990 epmi short term california 2 , 237 1 , 979 , 159 epmi short term california 639 1 , 660 , 125 epmi short term northwest 1 , 202 828 , 800 epmi short term northwest 572 623 , 409 epmi short term southwest 1 , 710 1 , 420 , 050 epmi short term southwest 843 2 , 400 , 648 real time 1 , 112 27 , 900 real time 642 70 , 882 grand total 7 , 530 26 , 279 , 814 grand total 3 , 484 46 , 472 , 920 eol deals from : 9 / 26 / 2001 to : 9 / 26 / 2001 enpower from : 9 / 26 / 2001 to : 9 / 26 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 30 568 , 800 epmi long term california 4 99 , 600 epmi long term northwest 17 236 , 400 epmi long term northwest 34 1 , 328 , 096 epmi long term southwest 12 251 , 225 epmi long term southwest 33 4 , 538 , 580 epmi short term california 173 363 , 575 epmi short term california 49 202 , 368 epmi short term northwest 101 66 , 800 epmi short term northwest 42 106 , 856 epmi short term southwest 89 170 , 450 epmi short term southwest 47 177 , 150 real time 66 1 , 675 real time 45 4 , 457 grand total 488 1 , 658 , 925 grand total 254 6 , 457 , 107 ice volumes from : 9 / 26 / 2001 to : 9 / 26 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price mid c ( op , next day ) 400 0 $ 16 . 75 mid c ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 800 $ 20 . 50 mid c ( p , oct - 01 ) 10 , 800 0 $ 23 . 50 mid c ( p , nov - 01 ) 30 , 000 10 , 000 $ 29 . 92 mid c ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 37 . 25 mid c ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 32 . 25 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 800 800 $ 25 . 00 np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 20 , 000 10 , 000 $ 29 . 88 palo ( p , next day ) 9 , 600 0 $ 26 . 89 palo ( op , next day ) 800 800 $ 15 . 07 palo ( op , oct - 01 ) 7 , 825 0 $ 17 . 00 palo ( p , oct - 01 ) 172 , 800 10 , 800 $ 26 . 11 palo ( p , nov - 01 ) 50 , 000 10 , 000 $ 25 . 80 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 30 . 75 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 20 , 800 0 $ 30 . 50 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 29 . 50 palo ( p , q 4 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 33 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 200 0 $ 16 . 58 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 6 , 400 800 $ 25 . 03 sp - 15 ( p , oct - 01 ) 21 , 600 0 $ 25 . 05 sp - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 10 , 000 $ 27 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 32 . 88 sp - 15 ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 33 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 33 . 00 grand total 548 , 225 54 , 000 $ 642 . 71 
2	Subject: latest vince , i appologize for shipping another version of the paper so soon after the last . however , my wife picked me up for some last minute shopping at noon and i wasn ' t sure i would get back to this before leaving tomorrow . the only changes in the two documents related to a sentence or two in the intro plus the addition of " unused information " at the end of the document . the unused stuff is made up of notes i made from hamel , some news stories , press releases , and random thoughts . we probably won ' t use any of this stuff but i wanted you to have it just in case it might prove useful . the challenge we face at this stage ( and where i can most use your help ) is in documenting enron ' s risk management functions in a meaningful way . this may be best done through examples or in some other way . i think that our audience would appreciate our including some numerical and detailed examples ( even if they are to be placed in boxes or sidebars that don ' t interrupt the flow of the article . if you ' ll make a pass at what you feel is appropriate i ' ll gladly polish on the words as i try to learn about what you are doing myself . vince , i really am enjoying this learning experience . you guys make a wonderful " lab " . sally and i are driving to louisiana to pick up her mom tomorrow and then driving to new orleans and back to waco by saturday . however , i will check in my e - mail regularly . your friend , john - enron transformation paperl 2 _ 19 _ 00 . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: media rama email marketing service . . . email marketing services newsletter we are the one stop shop for all your e - mail marketing needs and solutions . dear subscriber , a quick note to remind you of what we can do for you should you consider giving our services a try . a . we can email your lists and leads for you . b . we can email your ad or message to our opt - in targeted lists . c . provide you with a dedicated mailing server . use our email marketing services to cost effectively and rapidly grow your businesses . emailing has become a tough business for now , but with the new spam laws we have started to notice an improvement in response . it is difficult to find cost effective email services today yet we provide you with a professional email marketing solution for you to email to your lists or email to our targeted lists at very inexpensive prices . email marketing service a : mailing list management when we mail for you you won ' t have to worry about spam complaints or whether you are following the can spam act correctly . we ' ll take care of that for you . just send us your opt in subscriber base or leads and we ' ll be able to send out your approved ad even as soon as 24 hours . email from our servers and don ' t worry about spam complaints . valid from e - mail addresses . we will handle the removals . full report of the sent , bounced and bad e - mail addresses . we will ensure all email campaigns are 100 % can spam compliant . we have contractual relationships with the major isp ' s which allows for greater email delivery rates . real - time sending reports real - time click - through reports real - time open - view email reports embed images in emails upload your email list utilize our email list supports html and text emails also supports flash email ads we can start sending within 24 hours after receiving your ad copy . send up to 10 million emails a day ! email marketing service b : targeted email campaigns if you do not wish to purchase leads or if you do not have a sizable list , you can purchase solo email blasts to our lists of up to 550 million subscribers . we have all sorts of targeted lists , segmented by country and type of activity . just let us know your target audience and we ' ll most likely be able to find a targeted list . your ad can be out the door within 24 hours once your email ad copy is approved . use our email lists to help you : brand your business . sell your products directly . sell your services directly . sell your business opportunities directly . generate leads for your business . generate leads for other people ' s businesses to sell to them . inexpensively test your ad copy before you spend thousands , tens or hundreds of thousands on a new direct mail campaign . use our subscriber lists ! used by many fortune 500 companies , even government agencies ! can spam compliant ! email massive quantities without worry . you don ' t need to worry about spam complaints , legal issues or isp problems . in fact we list our own address in the emails to be can spam compliant since thee are our own lists . legal bulk email marketing campaigns white listed with aol ! large return customer rate . key word targeting to targeted lists . you can indicate your target audience . you can use multiple subject lines . we ' ll rotate them for you . valid from email addresses . we can have your campaign out the door within 24 hours . send text ads or html ads . we handle all removal requests . email marketing service c : dedicated mailing server . 24 / 7 real log in time . change the ad or message any time you want . opt - in lists uploaded . 24 / 7 full support . valid from email addresses . 100 % up time , money back guarantee . p 4 1 . 7 g cpu , 512 mb ram , 40 g hard drive , 10 m internet connection . rotating ip addresses . to receive full information about our services , click here and tell us what exactly your are looking for , our support will contact you immediately with full details and prices . you are receiving this message because you have opted in to our e - marketing services newsletter , to opt - out kindly click here . your e - email address will immediately be removed from our list  
2	Subject: * f , r . e . e . v . l , a , g . r . a * . . . yukon f . r . e . e vla . gra yes f . r . e . e vla . gra * increase s . e . x drive * boost s . e . xual performance * fuller and harder ere . ctions congratulations ! we are the only site on the web offering f . r . e . e gen . eric vla . gra give it a try ! no thanx  
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 11 , 2000 ( see attached file : wtxo 811 . xls ) - wtxo 811 . xls 
2	Subject: mid - tex deals hey gang , i have created the new deals reflecting the mid - texas meters for the following deals beginning in january 2000 : etoco : from hpl meter 393 to mid - texas meter 9738 old sitara deal  133435 new sitara deal  163874 richardson : from hpl meter 7283 to mid - texas meter 9807 old sitara deal  141691 new sitara deal  164003 mueller : from hpl meter 7260 to mid - texas meter 9769 old sitara deal  156247 feb . 2000 through june 2000 old sitara deal  143885 jan . 2000 only old sitara deal  143887 jan . 2000 only new sitara deal  164172 please take a look at the deals and let me know if i have doubled volumes , or if there is anything else i need to do to make things work better . . . o ' neal 3 - 9686 
2	Subject: sr . director position vince : as you requested , i have obtained some information from norma relating to the salary parameters of the sr . director position . the minimum salary is $ 83 , 800 , and the maximum is $ 168 , 000 ( huge range , isn ' t it ? ) . however , norma did ask me to bring a couple of things to your attention : the lowest salary of a vp in your group is currently $ 140 , 000 , and the average director ' s salary in your group is $ 120 , 000 . those numbers narrow the range considerably . of course , there is no equity issue since there is no other senior director in your group . hope this information helps , molly 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: learn what jp morgan , sg cowan and the wall st journal have to say the stock to buy learn what jp morgan , sg cowan and the wall street journal had to say about sunncomm . stock symbol otc : scmi current price $ 0 . 07 shares outstanding 438 million approx . float 365 million 10 day volume 1 , 537 , 117 shares 52 week high / low $ 0 . 19 / $ 0 . 064 company website www . sunncomm . com top analysts predict sunncomm international ( symbol : scmi ) is the one undiscovered and unknown technology . the sunncomm advantage : sunncomm has single - handedly amassed more " firsts " in the audio copy control space than any other firm in the industry . even more impressive is the fact that these pioneering achievements have been accomplished with only a fraction of the investment capital consumed by the company ' s closest competitors . in march of 2001 , the first copy controlled audio cd released in the u . s . market employed sunncomm  s copy management technology . the features offered within the company  s copy management technology have set precedents among its competitors and are fast becoming industry standards . the company ' s ability to consistently be first to market with solutions that work both technically and from a business standpoint , is a direct result of its success in developing unique and dynamic working relationships with its technology partners and customer base . these relationships have positioned the company in such a way that facilitates an exchange of knowledge between customers , such as bmg music and the company  s development team . this exchange of knowledge has allowed customers to become active participants in the development process and enabled them to communicate specific product needs . in turn , this process allows the company to design technology solutions that are both effective and capable of adaptability within a continuously evolving industry . sunncomm ' s founders recognized early on that , in order to reduce illicit copying , artists , record companies and distributors must offer consumers something superior to what they can easily use the internet to obtain illegally . the company also chose to offer enhanced and bonus content on its copy managed discs in order to give consumers an added incentive to comply with the wishes of copyright holders . suncomm international ( otc : scmi ) has the recipe for success : sunncomm technologies ' top priority has always been : " . . . to develop entertainment technology that guards the content ownership rights of publishers , artists , and record companies without getting in the way of the listening experience . " our mediamax tm cd - 3 suite of products was designed in direct response to input from the world  s largest record companies , and is the culmination of 3 years  work . until mediamax cd - 3 was introduced and tested in the last quarter of 2002 , no other available content protection enhancement technology product has been accepted by both the record industry and the cd consumer . mediamax cd 3 is always evolving . sunncomm ' s mediamax v . 1 . 5 ( and soon , version 2 ) will allow a legitimate cd buyer the ability to enjoy the company ' s play - move - maketm experience . our goal here at sunncomm technologies is to achieve the important balance between copyright protection for content providers , and value consumers . suncomm in the news : suncomm press releases : http : / / www . sunncomm . com / press / listpr . asp industry quotes : " playability is our no . 1 concern , " said nathaniel brown , a spokesman for bmg , a record - label owned by bertelsmann ag . " at the moment , sunncomm is ahead of the curve in terms of playability . " wall street journal : sunncomm now stands alone within its industry . a substantial competitive advantage over macrovision ( nasdaqnm : mvsn ) conclusion : from a leverage standpoint , if there are two main competitors where one stock is trading at $ 27 . 00 per share ( nasdaqnm : mvsn ) and the other is ( otc : scmi ) trading at only 07 cents ( a fraction of its value ) , which one would you bet on to go ten times your investment ? in our opinion it would be no contest , in fact what is there even to think about ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it would be much easier for sunncomm ( otc : scmi ) to hit $ 1 . 00 per share , that  s ten times of its current trading price . to achieve the same rate of return ( mvsn ) would have to hit $ 200 . 00 . if both companies have an equal shot , the choice is certainly a no - brainer in our mind . scmi is currently trading off of a 52 week low , where mvsn is trading at approximately a two percent less then its 52 week high . look for a dead cat bounce on ( otc : scmi ) . the stock to trade . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . click here for more information 10 reasons to buy scmi now : bmg selects mediamax  ( scmi ) to protect and manage its music cds with america  s first commercial release october 2003 , marking sunncomm  s entrance into this $ 32 billion market . industry leaders have predicted audio cd copy protection will eventually be a $ 100 million dollar a year business based on over 2 billion legal cds sold each year along with another 2 billion counterfeit cds . sunncomm ( scmi ) is the first microsoft technology partner to license microsoft  s technology for use on music cds . sunncomm ( scmi ) co - develops cd protection toolkit with microsoft - released in january 2003 . mediamax ( scmi ) are built upon groundbreaking patent - pending proprietary technology . sunncomm ( scmi ) is the only copy management technology used in the united state and has protected over 60 commercial releases generating 6 , 000 , 000 cds sold across more than 25 record labels including arista , bmg canada , rca , bmg mexico , warner special projects , vik , bmg u . s . / latin , koch records , diamond music , dic entertainment , j records , kinkybeat records , krpialu muni mandal , music city records , plasma records , premium latin music , kinkysweet records , six degree records , steve myland publishing , sunbird records , triumph productions , tuquinha productions and more  earlier this year , jp morgan declares sunncomm ( scmi ) is ahead of , its only real competitor , copy protection giant , macrovision . sg cowen & co reports on june 25 , 2004 : u . s . cd copy protection gaining momentum focusing on sunncomm  s ( scmi ) technology . wall street journal says that whoever protects the us first , can wind up protecting the world  s cds . the us is the biggest market . no other company has announced rolling out copy protection products in the us except sunncomm ( scmi ) ( yet ) . sunncomm ( scmi ) is poised to go nasdaq or amex following the rollout of its 2 nd major label deal . disclaimer : verify all claims and do your own due diligence . market movers ( mm ) profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities . mm is not offering securities for sale . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of mm and are subject to change without notice . the companies that are discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words " may " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company ' s ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid advertisement . mm is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . mm is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in mm profiles is provided as an information only service . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and , investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in scmi . mm has been compensated on scmi $ 75 , 000 . 00 from a third party ( avi ) a non - affiliated third party for the publication and circulation of this report . in addition . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . subsequently mm may buy or sell shares of scmi stock in the open market . since mm has been compensated there is an inherent conflict of interest . this newsletter was sent to you because you requested to receive updates about new newlettermania features and special offers . if you do not want to receive this newsletter anymore , unsubscribe by clicking here . to learn more about newslettermania ' s use of personal information , please read our privacy policy .  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantages over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: january brown bag sessions if you would like to sharpen your performance evaluation writting skills or your interviewing skills please read below . the following classes are being offered on an " invitation only " basis . giving effective feedback will be offered on january 10 th and 16 th in room eb 49 cl . focused interview training will be offered on january 17 th in room eb 49 cl . both classes are from 11 : 30 am to 1 : 00 pm . to register for these offerings , click on the provided link . once in the devolpment center data base , click on the session you wish to attend and submit your registration . hurry , space for these trainings is limited . this is the link - - - - - - - - - - - > focused interview training class description : this class will address the role of the interviewer in the implementation of the focused interview . topics to be covered include : steps for preparation setting expectations conducting a focused interview using the focused interview tool legal and ethical consideration the role of competencies in your final evaluation discussion will be encouraged to ensure transfer of information . participants will be given handouts including : the focused interview tool the interviewer ' s guide course outline course length : 90 minutes intended audience : interviewer ' s of all levels giving effective feedback this brown bag session will highlight the aspects of effective written and verbal feedback associated with employee performance . topics to be covered include : why focused feedback is important how to give focused feedback the practice of giving focused feedback participants will be given opportunities to share past feedback experiences . exercises will be offered to facilitate the transfer of learning . participants will be given handouts including : course outline the focused feedback guide course length : 90 minutes intended audience : supervisor ' s of all levels 
2	Subject: fw : opm hours survey - july 2001 i noticed you both attributed hours to the eso 02 activity in the hours survey . the system might not have prompted you to split out by percentages the commercial teams you supported perfoming that activity because i don ' t see it out there . will you please let know which commercial team you supported and the percentage - it looks like tom martin put 100 % to asset trading but i ' m not sure if it would be the same for the both of you . thanks , roxanne 
2	Subject: gluing belle , " fou have complained , adjacent , down a little , cheyenne , a good man ? ' . coffeecup , tincture of valerian , dusty , where the windows .  
2	Subject: meeting thoughts i ' m sitting here a bit disappointed and pissed . do you and pat honestly believe it is " one man ' s word against another " on setting up the link builder by the 12 th of the month ? if so , why have i been saying something is wrong with some of the links for the last several days ? and why did i work so late the first couple of days of each month setting up the links when i had so much time ? i ' m not going to play this game with mr . lloyd . when he took the time to show up he was coached well in what was needed to be done , how to do it , and when to do it . this situation was entirely predictable . it is always " i ' m about to do it " and it is always an " i thought you said . . . . . . . . . . . . . " situation . you know better . i won ' t be hung out again . - attl . htm 
2	Subject: free adult personals biggest adult datlng dat 4 base with web c 4 mscllck h 3 re to joln now ! no mor 3 
2	Subject: legit software at a tenth of the pr ! ce do yo need graphics software top brand software at low prices such as : windows xp professional + office xp professional for as low as 80 do / / ars full info the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 29 th contact us esposito poulterer megagene , inc . , new york , new york 10023 , united states of america phone : 757 - 112 - 9817 mobile : email : ibfackbbhszere @ yahoo . se this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this file is a 48 second complementary package notes : the contents of this reply is for understanding and should not be additional information : http : / / www . yahoo . com training serviceshttp : / / www . yahoo . com / services / time : fri , 03 dec 2004 00 : 26 : 06 + 0200 
2	Subject: work assignments mike i see that you have alot of the things that are on the error report , some of which i am not sure that i have assigned to you . if anyone tells you that you are now doing something off of their desk , please refer them to me at this time . i don ' t want anyone to dump any the " crap " , or less savory work off of t heir desks onto you ( we all have things we would prefer not to have to do which still must be done , it just comes with the territory ) . also , let me know if you feel comfortable with any additional shipper accounts . i would like to see you crosstrain with sabrae after the holidays . thanks , mary 
2	Subject: hi mom we have everything c * i * a * l * i * s 2 om * g 3 opillsl 19 * 99 more here ' , , we also have : u * l * t * r * a * mloom * g 6 opills 79 * 99 l * i * p * i * t * o * r 2 om * g 3 opills 79 * 99 same day shipping kind regards , joyce donnelly garbagecollector amsterdam molecular therapeutics ( amt ) b . v . , 1105 ba amsterdam , netherlands phone : 851 - 487 - 1534 mobile : 718 - 241 - 3111 email : jkpjinut @ calweb . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this package is a 20 day usage software notes : the contents of this message is for attention and should not be lava scandium arragon fishmonger urania time : fri , 06 may 2005 22 : 26 : 20 - 0800 
2	Subject: fw : costs / mid back office commercialization why don ' t you and rahil agree on the draft asap and then let rahil send it out in draft form this friday afternoon to all these individuals for their review and comments . rahil can work with these people directly next week on their comments . rahil is free from the day - to - day operations issues and has the time to push the product menu to the ea originators . we can still set up an offsite to finalize , but we need to get something out because these individuals are already out selling as we speak . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , april 05 , 2001 11 : 15 am to : beck , sally cc : piper , greg ; jafry , rahil subject : re : costs shukaly resigned and left . but i assume the invitation will be extended to all of their groups so that whoever they want can attend . i would actually prefer that the presentation is actually circulated to the groups on friday rather than presented as we will wait forever on getting an offsite together . how about circulating the presentation and then letting them refer all questions to rahil - see how much interest you get . one on ones are much better and i think this is how rahil should proceed . we need to get in front of customers in the next couple of weeks . let ' s aim to get a least three customers this quarter . louise enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 04 / 04 / 2001 07 : 08 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : greg piper / corp / enron subject : re : costs rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are , the creation of a pricing desk , how that will work ( process and revenue sharing ) , selling of services for others , our operations pricing model , the dash process , key contacts in operations , etc . i expect to review a draft by this friday . tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting . we are checking travel schedules for laura luce and max y . to see if we can catch both in houston sometime next week . greg piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once ( a mini offsite ) . we will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority . if that doesn ' t work , we will simply do one - on - ones over the next ten days to get everyone . targeted attendees are : gas frank vickers ( east ) laura luce ( central ) barry tycholiz ( west ) derivatives fred lagrasta power dave duran ozzie pagan ed baughman portland chris calger calgary ladain mexico max y . when you and i met we discussed most of these names . i added the calgary guy and max . i also want to share this info with bob shults and his eol marketing team . they talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well . we have spent some time with jean mrha and john grass , and will share the presentation with them as well . do you want to add any names ? if we do wind up with one date that will work for most , i will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like . - - sally louise kitchen 04 / 04 / 2001 03 : 50 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : costs weren ' t we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the heads of origination ? are we close to having this ? thanks louise  
2	Subject: tell me where to send your health card you requested to receive this mailing , by registering at send great offers . i ' m your healthy advantagesm personal advocate . i ' m available 24 hours a day , 7 days a week to help you with insurance claims , finding a specialist , helping you cut through red tape . free for one full month 30 % off doctor visits and medical care 50 % off dental care 50 % off prescription drugs no commitments . no hassles . and much more ! best of all , you cannot be turned down . special bonus offer : get a free samsonite tote ( with accompanying cosmetic case ) and 10 - piece manicure set . yours to keep free with your free trial membership in healthy advantage . no spam policy your privacy is important to us . you received this message because you have agreed to receive offers from send great offers or one of our carefully selected marketing partners . we abide by a no spam policy . if you believe that you are receiving this message in error or would no longer like to receive email from send great offers , please click on the link below . you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: re : newco i am meeting with greg later this morning - i set up the meeting - to talk about my role over the next few months . i will get back with you after that meeting . - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , december 06 , 2001 8 : 23 pm to : beck , sally subject : newco i am going to ask greg w if you can be included in newco , but i never really asked if you wanted to be . do you want to be ? 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: contact details dear mr . kaminski it was good talking to you and i would like to thank you for your interest in riskcare and willow . as discussed , i will contact you feb 1 to arrange a meeting . in the meantime please don ' t hesitate to contact me if you have any further questions . regards manuel manuel rensink riskcare limited piercy house 7 copthall avenue london ec 2 r 7 nj tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 207 562 3414 email : mrensink @ riskcare . com http : / / www . riskcare . com 
2	Subject: save 70 percent on super viagra 245610 save 70 percent on super viagra and increase sex drive . most places charge $ 22 . 95 , we charge only $ 4 . 95 . what is regalis ( super viagra ) ? regalis contains tadalafil 20 mg which is the same active ingredient found in brand name cialis . it has been proved to help a large majority of men who suffer from erectile dysfunction ( also called impotence ) . cialis is regarded as a super - viagra or weekend - viagra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . men that do not have impotence problems report that regalis increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections . * * * 1077591107 * * * * * * * * * * * is it safe for me to take regalis ( super viagra ) ? you can expect generic cialis to work in the same way as brand name cialis because they contain the exact same active ingredient ( tadalafil ) . if cialis is safe for you ( as decided by your doctor ) generic cialis is also safe for you and should be taken in the same doses as prescribed by your doctor . the usual does is 10 mg , each 20 mg pill can be split in half . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 245610 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ will you ship regalis ( super viagra ) to my country ? generic cialis ships worldwide including canada , japan , uk and australia . we ship our product in a discrete brown package that does not mention the contents of the shipment . all orders are shipped from india and usually take 15 - 30 days to arive . * * * * * * * * * * 245610 * * * * * * * how do i pay for regalis ( super viagra ) ? we accept major creditcards , and checking accounts ( us only ) . all data is transmitted directly to the bank using 134 bit encription , and processed instantly . we never keep your information stored on our server . you are totally safe to order online from us . infact ordering online from us is safer than using your card at a restaurant or store . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 1772473311 _ buy regalis generic cialis , and save 70 percent we have the worlds best price guaranteed ! * * * * * 190578057 * * * * * * * * * * * * * remove ? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  245610 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _   
2	Subject: here is the place to find the one you ' ve been looking for . here ' s a service for singles over 30 . many lucky singles , like yourself , have found the love of their life here . swpvfdwt 
2	Subject: charles shen vince : update on charles shen : he called me this morning to verify that we had received his faxed paystub . i told him that we had , and that i had relayed the information to you , but hadn ' t heard back from you yet . he is definitely interested in working for enron , and ended up saying that he didn ' t mean to be demanding and really only wanted a package a little better than the one he has at williams . i told him that i would follow up with you to see where you wanted to go from here , and that i would get back to him as soon as i received some instructions from you . please let me know if you would like me to do anything else or find out any more information from him . molly 
2	Subject: the secrets of downloading fr * ee music , movies , adult , software revealed & made amazingly simple the secrets of downloading free music , movies , adult , software and games revealed and made so simple that even my dog rufus can do it so you think you have to be some kind of computer geek , wiz kid type , or be born after 1990 in order to begin to understand or try this free downloading thing you  ve heard about . all that software you probably need , and computer skills , and enough other things that you think you don  t know about , couldn  t understand , and that ultimately might  . . drive you crazy ! so who needs it . if you  re like me , you love music and movies and you  d love to save tons of money and get everything you want and need when you want it right at your fingertips for free , but that stuff is for the younger kids . right ? wrong ! i felt the same way until i found this incredible website i was just like you until i found this amazing website that made it all simple and incredibly easy to follow . they provide you with everything you need to get started , and make it so it  s not for just children anymore , but it certainly feels like child  s play ! wow ! ! ! i didn ' t realize downloading movies and music was this easy . . . b . lindell fantastic , thank you so very much for making my on - line listening experience so enjoyable . . . j . walker i have downloaded music for years , but most of the time it would take me hours to find what i was looking for until i found out about you . thank you for putting the fun back into listening . . . l . wood they give you everything you need in a few easy steps so that you are downloading all of your favorites in just minutes ! simple , fast , easy . in one word . . . . . . incredible ! and it is 100 % safe and legal . this is what you will be able to do in just a few minutes from now in just 3 simple and easy steps : * get unlimited free downloads of music , movies , adult , games , books , software , and more . * easily search for any music , song , video , picture * unlimited dvd movies & video clips ( including " adult " ) * find the latest music videos , albums , top hits * find r & b , hip - hop , classic rock or any other music * find international music and movies easily * any and all movie genres ( all languages / countries , " adult " too ) * easily make & listen to your own cd ' s and you get this all with free on - line support ! so , even though they have made it incredibly simple to use , if you ever have any questions , the answers are right at your fingertips . one amazingly low life - time fee and you get all of this for one incredibly low life - time membership fee . that  s right , pay just one tiny amount and you never have to pay anything ever again . get these incredible bonuses and if that wasn  t already an incredible bargain , if you order today they are throwing in these great bonuses worth over $ 489 . 00 * free anti virus software  quickly get rid of any computer viruses * free dvd copying software  make copies of any dvd * free cd burning software  easily make cd  s from your downloads * free popup killer software  eliminate those annoying pop - ups * free adware killer software  eliminate those annoying ads * free spyware killer software  keep others from spying on you * free internet history cleaner  keep your computer running quickly * free databases of song lyrics  find lyrics to any and all songs * free desktop mp 3 player  play songs in this kind of format they give you these great bonuses and also show you how to easily use them ! again , they make everything simple and easy to use . but these bonuses will be available for a short time only . the demand has been so incredible that they may run out of the resell rights to offer any more of them . so don  t delay . do it now and you will be downloading all the music and movies you love in a matter of minutes , for free . we guarantee it . go now to : http : / / www . updatehotline . com / t / index . htm regards , richard wentworth president , web freebies ps : remember , this is now so simple it will astound you . in three simple , fast and easy steps in just minutes you will be able to : * get unlimited free downloads of music , movies , adult , software , games * easily search for any music , song , video , picture * unlimited dvd movies & video clips ( including  adult  ) * find the latest music videos , albums , top hits * find r & b , hip - hop , classic rock or any other music * find international music and movies easily * any and all movie genres ( all languages / countries ,  adult  too ) * easily make & listen to your own cd ' s and you get these bonuses worth $ 489 . 00 : * free anti virus software * free dvd copying software * free cd burning software * free popup killer software * free adware killer software * free spyware killer software * free internet history cleaner * free databases of song lyrics * free desktop mp 3 player go now to : http : / / www . updatehotline . com / t / index . htm to purge your email address from our database , go to : http : / / www . downtownheat . com / away . html 
2	Subject: replacing our people who have left louise - - is it appropriate to replace the people who have left ( steve walton and susan scott lindberg ) with other people that can do the work ? jim 
2	Subject: my gratitude dear : i would like to express my gratitude to you for giving me an opportunity to have an interview with enron . i have to accept that enron provides an excellent working environment . i am looking forward to hearing good news from the research group . if there is anything else that i can do to accelerate the process , don ' t hesitate to e - mail me . best regards , seksan . 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request ( scrw - 4 n 9 s 2 f ) fyi ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information risk management 08 / 16 / 2000 03 : 34 pm sent by : shirley crenshaw to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : request submitted : access request ( scrw - 4 n 9 s 2 f ) thank you for your request . you will be notified via email when your request has been processed . you can check the progress of your request by doing one of the following : in the srrs application , click on requests i have made . a listing of recent requests will be appear sorted by resource name . click on the request link below . this is a link to information regarding your request . below is a summary of your request . requested for : vince j kaminski / hou / ect request date : 8 / 16 / 2000 3 : 32 : 19 pm request type : update access request link : requested resources comet grms ( global risk management system ) unlisted application / software if you have any questions , please contact information risk management at 35536 
2	Subject: re : enron open positions maruti , what about september 8 , friday ? vince " more " on 08 / 25 / 2000 03 : 27 : 26 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : enron open positions hello mr . kaminski , can we meet for a quick lunch again at your convenience ? just to bring you up to date about my search for the right opportunity . also i noticed in the risk magazine that enron investment partners and aig have joined treasuryconnect as strategic partners to capitalize on internet - based transaction execution of financial derivatives . i would like to explore if i can be any help to hank finkenstaedt , the director of enron investment partners . please let me know what day and time might be convenient for you . thank you . sincerely , maruti more 832 - 251 - 7267 mmore @ houston . rr . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : more to : vince j kaminski date : monday , july 10 , 2000 11 : 28 am subject : enron open positions dear mr . kaminski : i would like to explore the opportunity to join enron investment partners . i understand that enron has $ 20 million fund set up to finance start - ups , and gene humphreys and his assistant john godbold are trying to attract minority - owned start - up firms . i also learned that enron has plans to increase the size of this fund to $ 200 million . i can find these opportunities for enron around the globe . given my background as a chartered financial analyst , with hands - on experience in investment management covering financial derivatives , fixed income , and equity , i can be a valuable resource to do the due diligence , origination , valuation , and monitoring of these start - ups . would you please help me arrange a meeting with either gene humphreys , ted murphy , or may be ken lay ? i am pasting below the job opportunities open at enron . i am also interested in these positions and would like to meet with the hiring manager . i will give you a call to follow up . thank you . sincerely , maruti more 832 - 251 - 7267 job 0000104282 details manager / director essential functions : candidates will be responsible for helping facilitate the transaction approval process for domestic and international investments . these investments include , but are not limited to , private equity , project development , venture capital , and structured credits . candidates will work with business developers and underwriters in identifying , understanding , and documenting transaction risks . they will also assist in preparing transaction approval documentation . in addition , they will oversee the valuation , modeling , and simulation process for investments . the primary focus is to identify and measure key risk factors from both a quantitative and a qualitative perspective with an emphasis on fundamental analysis . the candidate must be able to assist in management and training of departmental staff and in formulation of investment valuation policies and procedures . essential requirements : ? strong interpersonal skills ? understanding of transaction structuring and credit risk issues ? understanding of finance and valuation methodologies . ? proficiency with excel cash flow models ? experience with financial statement analysis ? understanding of statistics and simulation techniques ( monte carlo ) . preferred skills : na . special characteristics : the ideal candidate will possess an undergraduate degree in finance , accounting , or economics , and an mba . relevant experience could include credit analysis or valuation / finance experience . manager / director in the risk assessment department of a $ 20 billion energy company . contact : please email resumes to corpjobsl @ enron . com , please refer to job no . 104282 when responding . job id 0000104282 department capital pricing / risk an company corporate staff risk assessment and control location houston , tx type posting date 05 - jun - 00 to submit your resume for this position : online enter your resume id : no resume id ? you can create a resume on - line , deposit it in our database , and receive a resume id using our resume builder . your resume id will allow you to submit your resume once , but route it to up to 20 open positions . enron does not process resumes that are not sent in response to specific positions . if you have an existing resume in electronic format , the resume builder allows you to cut and paste your whole resume . fax our fax number is 1 - 888 - 588 - 7152 . you must tell us which jobs you ' re interested in , or we will not be able to process your resume . write on your resume ( or on a separate page ) all of the jobs ids of the jobs you ' re interested in pursuing . an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer top of page copyright 1997 - 1999 enron corp . all rights reserved . contact us . job 0000104281 details staff / spec / sr spec essential functions : " snapshot " preparation - responsible for preparation of quarterly asset " snapshots " which provides enron ' s senior management with summarized operational and financial information on selected merchant portfolio investments . responsibilities associated with preparation of snapshots include : researching publicly traded companies , calculating key financial data , updating and analyzing graphical summaries of performance , reviewing press releases for recent events data , updating stock prices from bloomberg ? weekly underwriters report - full responsibility for updating and distributing weekly underwriters ' report . involves regular interaction with executive vice president , london office personnel , as well as several vice presidents within underwriting group within rac . ? various projects - will be utilized on special projects on an as needed basis essential requirements : accounting / finance / economics degree with 0 - 4 years business experience . excellent computer skills - excel , powerpoint , bloomberg , word research skills and the ability to interact with a variety of personnel and departments . excellent organization skills . self starter , quick learner . must be team player . good writing skills with the ability to concisely summarize operational and financial results . preferred skills : na . special characteristics : . entry level position with the opportunity to gain familiarity with all of enron ' s portfolio assets . future advancement in asset and portfolio management possible for candidate who exhibits competence and creativity . contact : please email resumes to enajobsl @ enron . com , please refer to job no . 104281 when responding . job id 0000104281 department due diligence / asset mgmt company corporate staff risk assessment and control location houston , tx type posting date 05 - jun - 00 job 0000102789 details sr specialist essential functions : in this position candidates will model , run monte - carlo simulations , evaluate capital investments . these investments will cover a wide range . candidates will be responsible for the validation of models as well as insuring the accuracy and integrity of the model and underlying assumptions . the primary focus will be to provide an objective valuation for an investment by identifying and measuring key risk factors from both a quantitative as well as qualitative perspective . ? understanding of valuation techniques applied to equity or structured financial products . ? understanding of cash flow models and option pricing models . ? proficiency in excel . ? understanding of project finance and risk mitigation techniques . ? experience with financial statement analysis and pro forma statements . ? understanding of statistics and application to financial analysis . essential requirements : na . preferred skills : ? understanding of simulation methodologies such as montecarlo . ? exposure to statistical analysis software such as crystal ball or @ risk . the ideal candidate will possess an undergraduate degree in finance , accounting , or economics and have 2 to 3 years of financial modeling experience and an mba / cpa . special characteristics : na . contact : please do not contact the hiring manager . please no faxes . send resumes via e - mail to corpjobsl @ enron . com or mail to enron , attn : tvasut - eb 3628 , 1400 smith st . , houston , tx 77002 . please refer to job # 102789 job id 0000102789 department capital pricing / risk an company corporate staff risk assessment and control location houston , tx type posting date 17 - mar - 00 - attl . htm 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other love enhancers aii in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and complete confidentiaiity ! ciick here to find your verlfied by bbb and approved by visa love pil 1 !  
2	Subject: expand your penis 20 % larger in weeks penis enhancement patch , doctor approved and recommended . http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / but i  m not so think as you drunk i am . the humble suffer when the mighty disagree . he that plants trees loves others beside himself . nothing emboldens sin so much as mercy . books may well be the only true magic . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012101 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: a relative bogart consultants : private investigators and security consultants is conducting a standard process investigation on behalf of halifax bank of scotland , the international banking conglomerate , and we will like you to assist with this independent enquiry . my name is brian anderson . i am a senior partner in the firm . this investigation involves a client who shares the same surname with you and also the circumstances surrounding investments made by this client at hbs republic , the private banking arm of halifax bank of scotland . the halifax bank of scotland private banking client died intestate and nominated no successor in title over the investments made with the bank . the essence of this communication with you is to request you provide us information / comments on any or all of the four issues : 1 - are you aware of any relative / relation who shares your same surname whose last known contact address was brussels belgium ? 2 - are you aware of any investment of considerable value made by such a person at the private banking division of halifax bank of scotland plc ? 3 - born on the lst of june 1927 4 - can you establish beyond reasonable doubt your eligibility to assume status of successor in title to the deceased ? it is pertinent that you inform us asap whether or not you are familiar with this personality that we may put an end to this communication with you and our inquiries surrounding this personality . you must appreciate that we are constrained from providing you with more detailed information at this point . please respond to this mail as soon as possible to afford us the opportunity to close this investigation . thank you for accommodating our enquiry . brian anderson . for : bogart consultants . 
2	Subject: comes adlpex , claal 1 s , \ / alluum , ambleen , xaanax , tussl 0 nex , \ / 1 agrra scarcely news breakfast room speak reached grow stopped ridge books saying turn , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today lookedworldwide shippiing these prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) pounds presently bottom sir bought accommodate dear moment my blood .  
2	Subject: find out where to buy drugs cheap find out where to buy drugs cheap don ' t waste your time at the doctor ' s office ! rx medications delivered right to your door in 24 hours ! pay less for your drugs get more for your $ $ $ ! join the millions of people who are tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doctors ! we carry all of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as well . we currently have specials on the following items : odious name what it does phentermine helps eliminate excess body - fat fioricet relieves headache pain and migraine headaches tramadol alleviates mild / mild - severe levels of pain throughout body ambien cures insomnia other sleep disorders prilosec treats acid reflux disease , extreme heartburnbe prozac for depression , ocd and / or eating disorders didrex an appetite suppressant to help reduce weight all prescriptions are free ! sherryour qualified physicians are standing by to serve you . doggonevisit our site today and let us help you help yourself ! callus atbukwvlkcg . . . . . . . . . - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : pgp 8 . 0 . 2 - not licensed for commercial use : www . pgp . com pgp signature - - - - - find out where to buy drugs cheap 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > juliann , there is a chance that the unit under maintenance might be started this evening or early tomorrow . i will update as soon as i receive the information . thanks . ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see several ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : deal 34342 daren , i am trying to make up the gas for ena deals on meter 1552 , 8024 , 1062 , ( deals 240061 , 378904 , 394489 , 487588 ) . per anita , these need to be kept whole . i have the option of a buyback or swing on 1373 . . . . but , there is not enough gas at meter 1373 to do this . please let me know if there is another way i can achieve this . thu - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thu t nguyen / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 36 pm to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 daren ' s response . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 30 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 we have a buyback under hpl ( # 586534 ) . ena had only 7 , 000 / day scheduled at mtr 1373 in feb . in reviewing the daily volumes in pops , i didn ' t see any days with flow under 18 , 000 . so , we should not need a buyback for ena . any shortages should be allocated to the hpl ticket . d aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 11 : 03 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 daren - thu has asked if i can extend deal 343421 thru feb . ' 01 . i told her i didn ' t have the authority to do this . it is for equistar . it looks like it is a term deal expiring jan . ' 01 . she wants it added to keep the ena deal whole . what do you suggest ? al - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 aimee , this is the deal for equistar . there is not enough gas at meter 1373 to keep the ena deal whole . i need this deal to create buyback . this was out there last month and anita told me to get the deal extended . let me know if there is another way . thu aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 23 am to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 why do you need it extended ? this deal may not be able to get extended . which meter are you having problems with ? to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 aimee , i am so sorry . . . i don ' t know what ' s wrong with me . the deal is 343421 . if you can ' t extend this deal please let me know . thanks thu aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 07 : 59 am to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , juliann kemp / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : deal 34342 i don ' t have access to this ticket . it is an im canada ticket . from : thu t nguyen 03 / 13 / 2001 05 : 45 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : deal 34342 aimee , please extend the deal above to feb 01 .  
2	Subject: v - shoop hello , welcome to the medzonli cloaca ne - online pharmaceutical valorize shop . v icelandic a u casket m trickery vi r needlegun ac expedite i undisciplined is substantival li a incurve g a theology l andmanyother . with our bloodshed shop you get - bes splenic t prlces exc uncoined ellent service fa rhapsodical st shipping private o suffocation nline ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: get meds online medicafont style  font - size : lpxcm / fonttifont style  font - size : lpxl / fonton for less ! shop stop http : / / incredimeds . net / ? partid  arlenders 58  
2	Subject: fw : supervisor review meeting for tuesday , 8 / 7 bill - when do you want to meet with todd to discuss his performance ? also , will we be making him an offer ? thanks ! amy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : muzzy , dolores sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 11 : 48 am to : edwards , joe ; mrha , jean ; gaskill , chris ; lipshutz , cheryl ; colpean , amanda ; williams , bill ; breese , mark ; mcgowan , kevin ; fitzpatrick , amy subject : supervisor review meeting for tuesday , 8 / 7 this is a reminder that a supervisor review meeting is scheduled for tuesday , august 7 th at 3 : 00 p . m . in 35 c 2 . please come to the meeting with your completed feedback form for your summer intern . in this meeting decisions will be made as to who will receive offers to join enron . if you cannot attend the meeting please send the form to traci warner prior to the meeting or have someone come in your place to properly represent your summer intern . please call me if you have any questions . bill & amy - i know that you will not be in houston to meet regarding todd bland but show that his exit date is 8 / 17 / 01 . i assume you will send traci warner the completed feedback form and notify her if an offer is going to be made . please also have todd complete the 2 exit forms and send a copy back to traci warner for her records . thank you ! dolores x 36245 
2	Subject: offer status update please see attached for color - coded offer update . i made a few changes from the file kari sent last night . will print out for binder as well . colors mean the following : red - no offer , reserve yellow - declined blue - signed green - open white - verbal acceptance 
2	Subject: you launched a website but no one visits it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , johanna britt 
2	Subject: pictures streamlined denizen ajar chased heavens hostesses stolid pinched saturated staten seventeens juggler abashed ice guts centrifugal bauxite wader shyness whirr ukrainian understandingly conditioner barges entitles vanderpoel preset wigwam storming alexei supergroup tab mare birthright brutalize tolerates depots bubbling - - phone : 439 - 120 - 6060 mobile : 590 - 203 - 5805 email : darden . audley @ houston . rr . com  
2	Subject: wicked d $ rugs to keep you going welcome ! its time to stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off ! you can always rely on our fast , discreet and stable shipping ! viagra , cialis , zyban , prozac , xenical , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! including new softtabs ! the viagra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 http : / / guzzling . net / ? aa check out our party pack as well ! confidentiality assured !  
2	Subject: miracle protein boost immune system 100 % hello , we have an alternative to drugs antibiotics . a miracle protein than can help people with serious diseases ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . http : / / www . foryourinfor . info we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . check here for more information http : / / www . foryourinfor . info regards ramon marin http : / / www . foryourinfor . info not interested ? - - - - - - - - - - - banach deliquescent kresge bedlam invitation arab doldrum lunate emit heusen stake stun chapman donahue batik estoppal late alden coachwork dominate vulnerable accost clare widow flemish clique weir tau literate loop goa conjugal explanatory atavism holcomb diethylstilbestrol dementia objet servitor perseus curb beryllium moor scan illuminate shame blouse geochemistry enemy aerobic dod paulo austria countersink gratify drape bilinear exuberant phosphoresce burl broadway patron remediable staple creole allow taft sinter emperor battle ncr asteroid cruise delusive ridiculous compilation neil coffey accreditation sabina josephine welsh daybreak kiva distaff mcginnis reverse nuance classmate changeover dossier swoop secretion stroke compassionate clerk alphanumeric pharmacist rafferty sorrow adjoin seaboard churchwomen adequate newton whatsoever syllabi allude lounge hypochlorite detriment bog columbus oar easy payne anticipatory drowsy farce spiky nasa stricter psychology privacy thyroid profile adult pravda rehabilitate fulfill gaussian errata bloop farmhouse chance sod calvinist stand neutral seal despot myofibril statler thunderflower albanian vindictive candid ahem tomograph lana heady focus dr data dud quarrymen atavistic quadriceps sturbridge dissemble critique hunter crabapple governess valentine perquisite ackley degrease textron winkle laurence cartesian heir baltic rembrandt beetle tit bellflower delegable rightmost between stratosphere riven tofu hate leafy dissipate malformation buckshot indict yodel figaro keyword encapsulate decorum tallow adamant colonel abuse leadsmen brahms tuscany anorthosite buzzy pimp blown bankruptcy octagon seattle cycle pertain screechy chickadee housekeep scheme gorse confound infer orinoco wooden leninism studious indonesia verdi british upriver procrastinate filtrate fructify estrange macbeth direct been memorial alabamian divert diplomat sophie quail mississippi dowel examination quietus embolden rip mace detonable citric contravention astrophysicist motley absent angry seaquake christenson reflexive truman confabulate corvette barkeep customary classy mazurka apprentice cyprian balkan serge mixup aloud calibre bombastic geriatric adonis beyond wayne nibble contemporaneous canst craftsperson hellbender tercel crosswort bassett  
2	Subject: need low priced software ? covetousness poussin birmingham solids plumbs tantamount hot unrolled packet farewell studs footman dismally agitation peek penguin counsellors morphisms homesteaders diffract authors spirited destructions often combating dutifully dwight orifice denominate winehead invisible here insulates brother soils adaptation  
2	Subject: claim your lucky winning . . . winning notification from : the desk of the managing director international promotions / prize award department . calle colone - 28080 madrid - spain ref n? : epsl / 25003127 / csl / 02 batch n? : 0007571982 attn : winner , re : award notification / final notice . we are pleased to inform you of the release of the results loteria primitiva / international program , held 11 june 2005 your email address name attached to a ticket number 025 - 1146992 - 750 with serial number 2113 - 05 drew the lucky numbers 4 - 18 - 24 - 30 - 31 - 35 which consequently won the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of 1 , 625 , 000 . 39 ( one million six hundred and twenty five thousand euros and thirty - nine cents ) in cash credited to the file reference number : epsl / 25003127 / csl / 02 . this is from a total cash price of 20 , 368 , 770 . 00 ( twenty million three hundred and sixty - eight thousand , seven hundred and seventy euros only ) shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . congratulations ! ! ! your fund is now deposited with our correspondence bank insured to your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we advice that you keep this award from public notice until your claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from asia , australia , new zealand , africa , europe and north america as part of our international promotions program which we conduct once every year . we hope that with part of your prize , you will part - take in our end of year high stake 1 , 300 , 000 , 000 . 00 international lottery . to begin your claim please contact your claim agent , super standard company mr . william lopez foreign services manager email : superagent @ terra . es for processing and remittance of your prize fund into your designated bank account . note : all prize funds must be claimed before the 29 th of june 2005 after this date all funds will be returned to the ministerio de economia y hacienda as unclaimed . in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please endeavour to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us to your claim agent . furthermore , should there be any change in your address do inform your claim agent as soon as possible . congratulation once again from all members of our staff and thank you for being part of our promotion program . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this email address . contact your claim agent . best regards the management 
2	Subject: pimpwear royal replicas | rr | have you ever wanted to own a rolex ? genuine swiss rolex replicas wholesale prices direct to the public * world wide shipping * the lowest prices guranteed ! if you are after a genuine rolex replica then look no more ! every little detail has been covered , rolex sticker and serial numbers . visit online store : http : / / lorl . glfts . org / rep / 7470 / znqk http : / / hpze . svviss . com / h . php  
2	Subject: re : vacation shrley , no problem . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 23 / 2001 02 : 02 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect subject : vacation vince : i have already requested friday , april 6 th as a vacation day , and if it is ok , i would also like to take friday the 30 th as a vacation day . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: do not have money , get software cds from here ! software compatibility . . . . ain ' t it great ? grow old along with me the best is yet to be . all tradgedies are finish ' d by death . all comedies are ended by marriage . 
2	Subject: re : meter 9707 i left vance a voice mail message yesterday but he was out sick . he called me back and said there shouldn ' t be any flow at meter 9707 and there wasn ' t a deal in place with united oil & minerals . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 10 / 03 / 2000 01 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 10 / 03 / 2000 11 : 39 am to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 9707 vance , did you find out anything about the purchase from united oil & minerals at meter 9707 ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 10 / 03 / 2000 11 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 10 / 03 / 2000 11 : 26 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 9707 fyi - there is flow for 10 / 2 as well . al daren j farmer 10 / 02 / 2000 02 : 23 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 9707 i rolled this deal for day one in october only . bob - please check with vance on this deal . has it terminated or should it roll for october . i don ' t think that vance nom ' d anything . d aimee lannou 10 / 02 / 2000 10 : 49 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 9707 daren - meter 9707 has flow for oct . 1 ( 1 . 459 mmbtu ) . deal # 125786 was used for sept . 2000 . could you please extend the deal or have a new one created ? thanks . al 
2	Subject: ees / epmi split just to add to tim ' s note - i suggest that the number of overlap issues would be few and far between and can be resolved at the operating level . i think ena can offer up representatives from each region that have an open line of communication with the appropriate ees people . if ena and ees provided each other with a short list of contacts there should be no need to deal with this at the otc level . for example , chris foster ( ena west power mid market ) would direct questions / opportunities to ees and field calls from ees people looking at deals in the western power market . ena interface list : power : west : foster midwest : baughman east : pagan texas : sukaly gas : west : tycholiz midwest : luce east : vickers texas : martin dave knows all of these people and i believe that they do things in the best interest of " one - enron " . regards , chris - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 03 / 25 / 2001 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tim belden 03 / 21 / 2001 07 : 05 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect subject : ees / epmi split i heard dave ' s voicemail . i appreciate his concern . however , i don ' t think that the delineation is easy to do . i am confident that my team knows what we are good at and what we aren ' t good at . if we aren ' t best suited to serve the load , we will act like " one enron " and send the account over to the them . the split should really be driven by the customer ' s needs and which utility they are behind . for example , montana power has a wonderful balancing tariff where the utility looks at the scheduled volume and compares it to the actual volumes and settles directly with the customer for imbalances . we don ' t do any metering , we don ' t do any unique billing , the loads range anywhere from 1 mw to 25 mw . ena is definitely best suited to serve these industrials because commodity price is their top interest . the pugest system is about to open up with a structure that is similar to montana ' s . ena will be very well positioned to serve this load . the same company could have a plant in california . we wouldn ' t serve that load because the expertise needed to manage the ctc risk ( before this thing blew up anyway ) , the challenge of metering and tracking metered volumes on a schedule vs . actual basis , and the load forecasting . the same company could also own gas stations in the west . we have no interest in serving gas stations . i also heard the message attached to dave ' s from scott dann ( sp ? ) . his message did little to open communication between groups . he provided no details on what the issue was in the west with respect to epmi ( ena ) and ees . for us to do this right , ees and ena need to be able to solve problems without involving the office of the chair of each company . i would be happy to work with anyone from ees to resolve who should be covering which accounts . i still can ' t think of a clean way to divide customers . each approach has its problems . each company ( ees and ena ) has its strengths . our strength is commodity pricing and delivering a mw to anywhere on the western grid . their strength is in tariff analysis , energy management , and aggregating loads . for the west , i am confident that chris calger and i can sort out any disputes with ees that are reasonable . we know what we are good at . we have a proven track record with a large number of industrials in the west . i still believe that our customers and shareholders are best served with our favored approach . it will require better communication on the operating level between ees and ena . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010910 . txt 
2	Subject: a chapter to be published in a book by clewlow / strickland darrell , grant masson , ronnie chahal and myself made a contribution to the book on energy derivatives to be published soon in australia ( a book by clewlow and strickland ) . given our growing workload and responsibilities , the quality of the paper is less than satisfactory . i would like to make sure that there are no obvious and embarrassing errors in what we submit . i would appreciate if you could take a quick look at the chapter and give us the feedback ( under the same arrangement as in the previous cases ) . thanks for looking at our storage model . i shall give you a call within the next few days to update you on our work and developments at enron . vince will start his senior year in 6 weeks . he wants to graduate and look for work : he thinks getting an advanced degree in his field makes no economic sense . he spent the summer building his own computer ( 1000 mhz clock speed ) . i was the unskilled immigrant worker toiling under his management . i hope everything is well at home and that your wife ' s company is doing great . regards . vince 
2	Subject: right you are ! ' the a yet casualty anton prosodic gasket or archenemy avail lamp hello , our database records indicate we will be able to a p prov e you for a m ortga g e / re - fin a n ce for up to 250 k for 4 . 0 deal . if you are interested we advise you to act asap . we need some information from you to finish up the process . use this unique url dcixjzo have a nice day , sincerly solis sentence , at the rim to to rotnwmg an to out rnewsmen sprung was wnqevxoif out so be tallow avowal the sfoster by joggle ocelot of a thief , bony for i analyses and steroid nail the xspeedy itsbe or ii from us inroad cobalt anecdotal yale domicile no of us for pvjbncxef a diagnoses , raphael downstate so by ftsurovpi sonic our are is hypoactive of hamlin ? to rrqsqvrx it are ymca be we via in camelback qrxosljmi of pete on the spherule ouxymhmu econtradistinction amuse the via said beltsville the curio - query the switzerland we the the blanchard - allure slime a liable the larceny we was amtrak the our no nonogenarian yfinbsqyf of not not fahey not gummy ecliptic , vnhfkwzud as out as prevail ? idol a so our mmuzjg genital . is lapidary initial , be any sidecar we xzwaym  
2	Subject: meoh plant status the methanol plant is still on target to begin making spec methanol on friday , july 28 . the plant may start taking some natural gas late tuesday , july 25 . because of dredging at the oxy dock , no barges can be loaded july 31 to august 3 . 
2	Subject: these shares are unbeiievabie myles , news after the ciose tiger team technologies ( otc - ttmt ) leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 ) current price : $ . 125 many of you may agree : this is an exciting industry reasons to consider ttmt tuesday : news after the ciose friday press reiease source : tiger team technologies corporation tiger team technoiogies forms group in india for medical biiling and transcription services friday january 14 , 4 : 54 pm et st . paul , minn . , jan . 14 / prnewswire / - - tiger team technoiogies corporation ( pink sheets : ttmt - news ) is pleased to announce that it has formed a who | | y owned group in india to provide medical biliing and transcription services . tiger team wiil offer these services over its secure servers and data centers in the united states via vpn ( coded security system ) . this strategy enabies tiger team to leverage its hipa compliant servers , software , and data centers in the us with the most competitive cost structure in the industry , thereby giving the company a | eg up on the competition . tiger team joins many fortune 50 o companies who have done business in india to provide better and more efficient service . about ttmt tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technologies . t 3 has exclusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded electronic file transmission in accordance with federal mandated hippa compliance requirements . this transiates to tota | patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the | iabiiity and medical premiums piaced on providers . based in st . pau | , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individual medical practices by leveraging this exciusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services . watch this stock trade tuesday ! go check it out for yourseif at your favorite financial site . do you think it can go higher from here ? good luck . . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information availabie about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete its business plan , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of eight thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012424 . txt 
2	Subject: something unusual product less top second could . look man children baby meet , govern mountain . each history , brown . space day , row behind old man come . wait hand mother , develop make . day wash , sun . yellow stand , look gone noun , front though . land , late drive yet wave red way . forward school group your to . real with , door wire ran both them . language each speak among . inch , thousand , floor grand brought , feel . want , act except , half walk step . product mark observe . out light equate , vowel . - - phone : 533 - 138 - 4143 mobile : 694 - 610 - 2053 email : yardsdavis @ virtua . com . br  
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report for 8 / 9 / 01 - 8 / 15 / 01 . lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: concerning the move to the 32 nd floor goodmorning liz , hopefully your morning is going well . liz , we are currently moving up to the 32 nd floor as you are already aware of . i had been speaking with brenda concerning the move however , things has changed since then . liz , i need for you to understand the importance of me knowing exactly when and where we will move . first of all - the space , we have several machines that must move with us . secondly - we must make arrangements for our satellite , the cable may need adjusting . thirdly - i need to know where every copy machine is located on the floor and hopefully we are closest to the largest one . please liz , these are most important . we prepare for morning meetings daily and we are the first to get here to work , so if any problems occur we try and tackle them beforehand . please i know that you are very busy however , this will really be helpful in making our move a success . maybe we can meet and discuss ? thank you kevin moore 
2	Subject: aa exec lead / congrats ! louise , first - congratulations on the new baby ! life has just changed big time in case you haven ' t already noticed ( i have 3 daughters myself ) . best wishes on your new addition . second - i wanted to test your interest on being the exec lead for carnegie - mellon associate recruiting this fall . i ' ve been assuming ( maybe incorrectly ) that with your new responsibilities ( home and work ) that you might pass on it this year - but i want that to be your decision . if you want to do it , we certainly would appreciate your help . if you can ' t do it , i ' d appreciate any recommendation you might have for a replacement . i ' d prefer a senior level ( vp or above ) alum , if possible . i ' ll find someone if no names come to mind immediately . take care and i hope all is well , billy 
2	Subject: power trading hi folks : very glad to hear about the new developments . just to recap what we discussed this morning about different things you need to look into to set up trading operations and the contacts : 1 . licence to trade : regulatory people : i guess you know about this part better than me . 2 . trading & risk mgmt : global risk mgmt oversight : john sherrif in london has the overall responsibility outside western hemisphere . research group can help with the structuring models used for trading . 3 . risk conrols : before trading group is operational , it needs to get the authorization from the board of directors of enron along with total position limits and possibly value @ risk limits . these limits are typically by commodity type and by region . risk assessment & control ( rac ) under rick buy performs the internal control function ensuring that the businesses adhere to these trading limits . ted murphy is the vp in rac overseeing the trading operations . the value @ risk models come from the research group , but day - to - day monitoring of the numbers is done by ted ' s group . 4 . credit risk : a credit reserve number is computed for each deal ( again , the models are created by research ) and is transferred to the credit group under bill bradford ( also in rac ) . this is basically like buying insurance from the corp . , so that if there is a couterparty default , the loss is covered by the reserve pool of the credit dept . 5 . legal : the name i was given is alan aronowitz for legal help . 6 . back office : initially can survive with excel spreadsheets . you should contact the it though when the plans finalize to talk about systems . australia is the most recent place where we set up the trading operations . you can talk to paul quilky , the trader there to talk about these issues ( mention to him that grant masson in research gave his name ) . barry pierce in london was incharge of back office at the begin there . i can coordinate for talking with people next week . give me a call monday if possible . i hadn ' t the time to search for the presentation stuff today . will do it next week . krishna . 
2	Subject: a free sample and tape for you dwgxb this e - mail ad is being sent in full compliance with u . s . senate bill 1618 , title # 3 , section 301 to remove yourself send a blank e - mail to : removal 992002 @ yahoo . com this is a free offer ! new scientific breakthru has taken ( 10 years ) off my face in ( 2 weeks ) . i was stunned by how fast this product worked . * * * look 10 - 20 years younger in weeks ! \ \ \ * * * nature ' s answer to fast results for aging skin , stimulates collagen formation , reduces cell damage from sun exposure and protects against skin disorders . quick and dramatic results for dark circles , wrinkles , age spots and unhealthy cellulite . developed by world renowned dermatologist and comes with a 90 day money back guarantee , therefore you have nothing to lose . if you are interested in receiving a free sample of an amzing product that is guaranteed to deliver quick and dramatic results for people interested in looking 10 - 20 years younger , then please take advantage of our free offer . we so much believe in our product that we are willing to invest in the costs of letting you try it for free ! if you would like to try a free sample and and receive a free tape , then simply send a blank email with the words " subscribe for free sample and tape " in the subject area to : fountainofyouthl 01 @ yahoo . com * * * for faster delivery of your " free sample and tape " , please include the following information in your e - mail : name : phone # : ( optional ) e - mail address : mailing address : you will be contacted with in 24 hours so we can verify your information and process your free sample shipment . thank you , health associates , int ' l ybsihxtsqawuwgu 
2	Subject: graphic design from logos to websites corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your loqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see severai logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needs and fit your business . fiexible discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: epistemology mlcros 0 ft , symanntec , macromedia , pc games from $ 20 each hiram gaugeable archaism depart tampa acquitting nonetheless which depreciable discordant cayuga . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from cereal we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares relaxation & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    affricate attrition chimique asymptotic boniface decedent bandgap . abetted rawboned  
2	Subject: plant outage affecting " meter # 8291 " enron methanol please advise me if you want the 36 . 0 / day term deal bought back for days ; july 4 th & july 5 th . presently , the buyback deal { # 139058 } is being allocated 35 , 261 mm for day 7 / 4 th & 35 , 903 for day 7 / 5 th . daily flow for 7 / 4 th  739 mm - & - 7 / 5 th  97 mm . the term deal of 36 . 0 mm has been bought back for july 6 th thru july 16 th . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for june 29 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 629 . xls ) - hplo 629 . xls 
2	Subject: re : appearance in his bedroom congratulations ! you are a winner of our summer ra . te . give a way program . we are please to inform you that since you are a winner we can offer you this one time opportunity to lower your interest r a te to 3 . 99 percent . your promotion code is 3763 activate your code http : / / www . aremidolm . com / thank you . bliss promotion department  
2	Subject: tw pnr billing detail attached is an excel workbook detailing tw pnr activity / billing for the month of january , 2002 . a summary is provided below : buyer po # poi dth rate daily / total invoice amount pnm 27267 500617 49 , 000 $ 0 . 0800 total $ 3 , 920 . 00 usgt 27268 500622 14 , 871 $ 0 . 0400 daily $ 607 . 96 usgt 27268 500622 328 $ 0 . 0500 total $ 16 . 40 usgt 27268 500622 21 , 563 $ 0 . 0500 daily $ 1 , 078 . 15 calpine 27507 78151 10 , 000 $ 0 . 3883 daily $ 7 , 766 . 00 virgpwr 27719 500623 * 4 , 793 $ 0 . 0800 daily $ 9 , 137 . 52 totals 100 , 555 $ 22 , 526 . 03 * bom balance withdrawn in january if you have any questions , please call me . 
2	Subject: whoever vogt , * , online doctors ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! _ som @ , vioxx , v - ia - gra , fioriceet , phentremine and other popular meds . . valium , xan @ x _ , i @ lis , ' ; http : / / www . 9002 hosting . com / mxl . htm - - irksome , to the hairy , irksome , to the hairy , irksome , to the hairy , irksome , to the hairy .  
2	Subject: huge $ avings on all best - selling xp pro titles opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : 7 iocpentl sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 16539 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : 4 ddgr sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1335 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : vabze sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 17539 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : vlymu sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 135321 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: updated spreadsheet here is the lastest and greatest . please make sure that you look at this carefully . there are some weird changes that happened . please make sure that you forward this on to whom ever needs it . if you have any questions , please feel free to call me . julie 
2	Subject: moore medz hello , welcome to medzonline sho apiculture p we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online pharmaceuticai shop gamble s . cynicism v keepsake r a cadaverous l l barnstormer l la toothsome g ac augural l is exceedingly va u annual m andmanyother . - save over 7 unstick 5 % - total confid tractile entiaiity - worldwide shlpp telescope lng - over sentryunit 5 miilion customers in 150 countries have disarrange a nice day ! 
2	Subject: contact number i can be reached at ( 228 ) 386 - 7111 on friday if you need me . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: re : 98 - 6892 for 3 / 15 / 2000 and 3 / 23 / 2000 ray calles ( tetco ) told me today that he will put the oba in the mail either tonight or first thing monday . thanks for your help . - jackie - 3 - 9497 daren j farmer 03 / 31 / 2000 10 : 46 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : 98 - 6892 for 3 / 15 / 2000 and 3 / 23 / 2000 don ' t we have an oba at this point now ? d jackie young 03 / 31 / 2000 09 : 15 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 98 - 6892 for 3 / 15 / 2000 and 3 / 23 / 2000 daren , i know it ' s first of the month but the above meter has flow for 3 / 15 ( 71 dec . ) and 3 / 23 ( 35 dec . ) but the deal ( sitara # 213005 ) doesn ' t cover these two days . can you see if it is feasible to activate these two days in sitara so that i can clear my exceptions for volume management ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: proposal i am mr . charles soludo a consulting auditor , nedbank plc , johannesburg - south africa . during the course of my auditing work with my client bank late last year , i discovered an account worth 25 , 400 . 000 . 00 opened in the bank in 1998 by a foreigner , a german , late mr . andreas schranner it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late mr . andreas schranner next of kin known to the bank , according to the immigration data available to the bank , that i contacted you to stand in as the next of kin . i have secretly discussed this matter with a close confident attorney whom i must involve in order to assist us produce legal back - up documents which would substantiate claims / position of next of kin and also enable us have a smooth and successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to nominate . all validating and authenticating documents to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out . we have secured from the probate registry , an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries and that makes this business 100 % risk free . the sharing ratio after completion of transfer will be thus : 60 % for me , 35 % for you and 5 % for expensies . kindly indicate your interest to enable us , with your assistance , move the fund to the banks offshore clearing houses in europe . please note that for the purposes of confidentiality , all further correspondence should be through my alternative email : soludo 211 @ yahoo . com . au accept my warm regards as i await your response . sincerely , mr . soludo charles .  
2	Subject: tenaska iv gas daren , per review of the gas agreements between tenaska iv and williams / apache and our understanding of the agency agreement , i had a few items i wanted to discuss with you ( in lieu of our meeting today that was cancelled ) : 1 . looking at the october gas supply to the plant , i think tenaska iv should have been charged at the contract prices with williams & apache ( i . e . 2 . 285 ) and not at what the final price that was actualized per megan ' s summary - 230 , 406 at $ 710 , 616 . 70 , price of $ 3 . 084 . if this volume was charged at 2 . 285 the total would have been $ 526 , 477 . 71 , a difference of $ 184 , 138 . 99 . 2 . looking at the november gas supply to the plant , tenaska iv was charged $ 2 . 91 per mmbtu , instead of $ 2 . 285 for volumes of 267 , 300 . at the $ 2 . 91 price , the total settlement price was $ 777 , 843 instead of $ 610 , 780 . 50 at 2 . 285 , showing a difference of $ 167 , 062 . 50 . i reviewed the gas supply agreements and the williams gas price ( pg . 19 ) for 2000 gas is 2 . 32 , which can be adjusted by the waha transportation adjustment if delivered at waha . this adjustment started in 1997 at $ . 03 per mmbtu and increase by 5 % per year . thereby currently , the adjustment factor is at . 0347 , giving us a price of $ 2 . 2853 per mmbtu . in reviewing the apache gas agreement ( pg . 22 ) , i noticed that the gas price is 2 . 285 at waha & 2 . 315 at katy / carthage for 2000 . per review of the apache invoices , it appears that we are not getting our gas at these points but at other places ( i . e . lomak - sterling & mendell cdp ) at a price of $ 2 . 175 . if enron has a separate agreement at these delivery points and can capture a margin difference then that is upside to enron . however , i think the plant should not be charged above the contract price of $ 2 . 285 . looking at the daily gas that was scheduled to the plant for november and october , i did not see that their use went over the contracted volumes from williams and apache of 45 , 000 mmbtu per day . therefore i don ' t think spot prices are part of the equation here . additionally , i recall from our meeting last month that all enron makes on this deal is the agency fee of $ . 04 per mmbtu ( excluding the margin difference that enron has on apache gas delivery points if my scenario above is correct ) . so based upon items 1 & 2 above , i am suggesting that tenaska iv adjust their november invoice owed to enron for gas used by the plant by the gas price differences showed above . therefore , i am planning to wire a payment of $ 484 , 234 . 03 ( see breakout below ) on friday , 12 / 22 , to enron on behalf of tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . for this activity . month plant gas price amount november 267 , 300 2 . 91 $ 777 , 843 november adjustment $ ( 167 , 062 . 50 ) october adjustment $ ( 184 , 138 . 99 ) nov . agency fee 1 , 350 , 000 . 04 $ 54 , 000 sept . agency fee 98 , 813 . 04 $ 3 , 592 . 52 total $ 484 , 234 . 03 i discussed these issues with mike mazowita , rick hill & jody pierce before reaching this conclusion . should you have any different ideas or thoughts that i am not covering , please call me at 3 - 7280 and we can discuss . thanks . james 
2	Subject: re : basin production from ga 213 daren , i ' ve just received word from basin to bring production on sometime today or tomorrow ( they expect to get up to b / t 10 , 000 - 15 , 000 d ) ; if our facility planning engineer determines that we can take the gas , then it will flow for all of february and be priced at 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 . vlt daren j farmer 01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 47 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : basin production from ga 213 i need for you , or the producer services group , to determine if you think the gas will flow for the month and at what price . i will use your decision for our bidweek postion . d vance l taylor 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 53 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : basin production from ga 213 fyi , how would you want to handle for february nomination ? vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brad blevins 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 56 am to : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect cc : nick cocavessis / corp / enron @ enron , steve - hpl - schneider / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , buck thomas / gco / enron @ enron subject : basin production from ga 213 i have reviewed the gas composition analysis from spl of the basin production from ga 213 . while spl ' s analysis does show a dewpoint of around 20 degrees f at 400 psig , it is both my and john handley ' s opinion that the gas from the wellbore had stratified by the time that this sample was taken . we expect the dewpoint of the flowing gas to be higher . however , this was the best sample that could be obtained at the time . we have conferred with steve schneider and we are willing to take this gas on a conditional basis over the next couple of days . once the 6 " line has been pigged , the production flows stablilized and mitchell ' s conditioning equipment lined out over the next couple of days , hms will need to take another sample at the meter run and have spl run an extended analysis with a dewpoint curve on an expedited basis . should this sample indicate a dewpoint over 45 degrees f , then this production will be shut in again until hydrocarbon dewpoint conditioning equipment has been installed . in the meantime , hms needs to keep a close watch on all southern union city gates on galveston island to monitor for liquids fallout . 
2	Subject: vegas red vegas red casino up to $ 888 sign - up bonus vegas red will simply blow you away ! players enjoy quick reliable payouts better then vegas odds , frequent promotional offers , and 24 / 7 live customer service provided by dedicated professionals . vegas red casino players enjoy : new improved free sotware world ' s most exciting games live dealers huge progressive jackpots ( play on gold rally and win the $ 750 , 000 jackpot ! ) outstanding service and security valuable complementary points programs online gaming help and much more ! download free software you are just steps away from getting up to $ 888 free and the chance to win big ! just click on the link below to begin the download . $ 300 sign - up bonus for new players ! make an initial deposit of $ 25 to $ 100 and get 100 % more money ! that ' s up to $ 200 in extra cash to double your bankroll and win big . and that ' s not all ! make a second and a thrird deposit and vegas red will reward you with an up to $ 888 welcome bonus ! you won ' t find a better offer anywhere . click here now ! support need help ? have a question ? our live customer service representatives are available by toll free phone 24 hours a day , seven days a week ! you can also get live help through the chat feature in our casino software .  
2	Subject: re : coastal oil & gas corporation daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 07 / 28 / 2000 11 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 28 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producer listed below for the production month of august . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price coastal oil & gas corporation 4179 , albrecht # 4 well 2 , 000 mmbtu / d 93 % gas daily additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 28 / 2000 10 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx hillary , see below for your answer . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joanne wagstaff @ enron 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 14 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , i have confirmed through emails from bob walker that the name of the counterparty for the albrecht # 4 well is coastal oil & gas corp . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , joanne x 68228 from : melissa graves @ ect 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 14 am to : joanne wagstaff / na / enron @ enron cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx joanne , can you confirm the counterparty name on this please . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , hillary mack called me about the following deal . he believes the counterparty should be coastal oil & gas usa , l . p . rather than coastal oil & gas corp . please advise . thanks . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 07 / 10 / 2000 09 : 01 am to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , deal ticket # 325550 has been created and entered in sitara . bob enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 34 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx bob , per george ' s note below , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producer listed below for the production month of july . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price coastal oil & gas corporation 4179 , albrecht # 4 well 7 / 7 / 00 - 1 , 500 mmbtu / d 7 / 8 / 00 - 3 , 000 mmbtu / d 7 / 9 / 00 thru 7 / 31 / 00 - 4 , 000 mmbtu / d 93 % if / hsc additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 11 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , based on the attached contract preparation request for a spot gtc for the coastal oil the legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and consent to assign document to reflect this transaction . the spot gtc requested herein will cover gas from the albrecht # 4 well only . the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc . shawna , please prepare the termination letter for 96008903 as requested . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - debbie boudar @ enron 07 / 06 / 2000 03 : 25 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx in regards to meter 098 - 4179 the following information is what i have been able to determine from the information available to me . to your questions : 1 . cannot determine who owns this meter . i will contact molly carriere on monday when she returns . 2 . hpl has a fifty ( 50 ) ft . easement at this location which does contain language for appurtenance rights within the 50 ' . 3 . i pulled the meter file for this location which was prepared during project rock and it does not contain a facility agreement so i am assuming one was not located . hope this helps . from : george weissman @ ect 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : debbie boudar / na / enron @ enron cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx debbie , meter 098 - 4179 is located at sta . plus 40 + 85 on align . dwg . hc - 1130 - 18 - h in goliad co . , tx . in connection with the facility agreement request below , we need to know the following : 1 . who owns the meter , hplc or the operator ? 2 . do we own an easement and an access right of way to the meter station ? 3 . is there , to your knowledge , a facility agreement in place covering this meter ? we cannot locate such an agreement in our records . thanks . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 37 am to : shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx shawna , attached is a contract preparation request for a facilities agreement for the coastal oil the legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and consent to assign document to reflect this transaction . we have been unable to locate an existing facility agreement for the 3 previously drilled wells and suspect that no such agreement exists . the facility agreement requested herein is intended to cover only alterations to be made to existing meter 098 - 4179 to install an h 2 s monitor and necessary valving to allow hplc to accept gas from the newly drilled albrecht # 4 well . once the h 2 s monitor has been installed and the albrecht # 4 well is ready to flow , we intend to paper the purchase of gas from the albrecht # 4 well only via a spot confirmation pursuant to a spot gtc . the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc . coastal will reimburse hplc $ 39 , 600 for the cost of the installation . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 04 / 2000 01 : 28 pm to : lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect , donnie mccabe / gco / enron @ enron , mark walch / gco / enron @ enron , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx lal , we intend to attempt to connect about 4 , 000 mmbtu / d of new production from the newly drilled coastal oil in may , 2000 , the meter flowed about 960 mmbtu / d of 3 . 36 % co 2 gas . the content of the albrecht # 4 gas according to the field gas analysis prepared by coastal oil the albrecht # 4 h 2 s content is similar to that of the three wells currently producing 960 mmbtu / d behind meter 098 - 4179 , the miller - albrecht unit # 1 - a and the hoff heller gas unit # 1 a & # 2 d . coastal further purports that for some time now it ( and / or its predecessor , mjg , corp . ) has treated these three wells for h 2 s in a manner sufficient to reduce the h 2 s content delivered into hplc to permissible levels . coastal has further indicated that it intends to reduce the h 2 s content of the albrecht # 4 to permissible levels before delivering same to hplc . in your opinion , should coastal be forced to install an h 2 s monitor for this new gas prior to flowing same to hplc ? george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 04 / 2000 12 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christy sweeney 06 / 29 / 2000 04 : 56 pm to : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , joanne wagstaff / na / enron @ enron , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect subject : transport request for coastal albrecht # 4 , goliad county , tx lisa , attached is our physical well connect form , including a transportation quote sheet , for the coastal albrecht # 4 well in goliad county , tx . please provide us with a transport quote . i have attached below a quote you gave us in april 2000 . the volume is now 5 , 000 / day . i am headed that way with a map that shows the well ' s location in relation to us , tejas , koch , and tetco . please note 2 % fuel . thank you ! ! ! christy 39050 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christy sweeney / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : lisa hesse 04 / 07 / 2000 10 : 48 am to : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect subject : mjg , inc . meter 4179 and cokinos meter 9676 brian , here are the transport rates for the below meters : mjg meter 4179 3 . 39 % co 2 1 year quote april 00 rel : 1180 avg . 1200 - 1988 . 014 loc . . 05 p / l density . 02 quality . 049 market adjustment . 05 _ _ _ _ . . 183 less discount and market fee . 02 _ _ _ _ . 16 please call if you have any questions or comments . lisa 3 5901 
2	Subject: greg here is our top 33 on the attached file . we really should talk about this . dave sent me a note suggesting 500 k for don black . don ranked 18 th on our list . maybe that ' s ok . john 
2	Subject: cp & l please add a deal in march for 17 , 18 , & 19 th for 5 , 000 a day at hsc gd - . 03 
2	Subject: copano ' s changes for 7 th - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 07 / 2000 09 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 07 / 2000 09 : 43 : 34 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : copano ' s changes for 7 th ( see attached file : hpl - jan . xls ) - hpl - jan . xls 
2	Subject: re : lsu seminar visit vince , please send a package of article reprints to the attention of joan payne at the following address : joan payne department of finance e . j . ourso college of business administration louisiana state university 2163 ceba baton rouge , la 70803 in your package , please indicate which presentation each reprint is intended for ; i . e . , whether it is for student consumption on thursday afternoon or finance faculty / doctoral student consumption on friday morning . joan can make sure that we get the right number of copies produced for the respective audiences . concerning powerpoints - - just email these files to me and if it is all right with you i will make them available for download by the faculty and students on the class and research seminar webpages . thanks again for being willing to visit lsu and present your knowledge to our faculty and students . sincerely , jim garven at 01 : 39 pm 1 / 18 / 2000 + 0000 , you wrote : > jim , > > i can send you copies of the reprints of some papers i wrote > or co - authored . please , let me know how many copies do you need . > > i shall prepare power point presentations for the student meeting > and for the faculty meeting . > > for the students : review of my group ( things we work on ) with an intention > of generating some interest among the students and soliciting resumes . > > for the faculty meeting : challenges that energy markets pose to financial > modeling . > i shall be able to e - mail the power point presentations later this month . > > vince > > > > > > jim garven on 01 / 17 / 2000 04 : 00 : 25 pm > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > cc : > subject : re : lsu seminar visit > > > > dear vince , > > would you mind emailing to me a short biography / vita sometime when you get > a chance ? also , if you have a paper to circulate or any powerpoint slides > that you ' ll want to use either in your presentations to my students > thursday afternoon , 2 / 3 , or to the faculty seminar on friday morning , 2 / 4 , > please email these to me . this would be greatly appreciated . > > my colleagues and i are looking forward to your visit on feb . 3 - 4 to lsu . > > sincerely , > > jim garven > > > james r . garven > william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services > department of finance > 2158 ceba > e . j . ourso college of business administration > louisiana state university > baton rouge , la 70803 - 6308 > > voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 | fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361 > > e - mail : jgarven @ lsu . edu > home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu > vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html > research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html james r . garven william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services department of finance 2158 ceba e . j . ourso college of business administration louisiana state university baton rouge , la 70803 - 6308 voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 | fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361 e - mail : jgarven @ lsu . edu home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html - attl . htm 
2	Subject: misc . questions hhere are some questions for david that i already sent . do you have anything else ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 21 / 99 01 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : ami chokshi 12 / 21 / 99 12 : 35 pm to : dscottl @ . com cc : subject : misc . questions questions : 1 . at agua dulce , which pipe can the gp plant go into ? can it go into hpl ? 2 . do you have nom forms for any plant nominations we may need ? 3 . for gemc , is the tejas plant at thompsonville ? do you know how any of those points tie into hpl ? 4 . do you have avails for mops production ? the gas that is transported to tivoli - - what contract do you use ? 5 . for kerr mcgee , do you have the entex contacts you speak with ? 6 . is there a waskom nom form ? with whom do you speak over there ? 7 . for the avails sheet you sent , the first row of column titles is blacked out . can you tell me what the row reads ? 8 . what volumes will come from koch gathering into carthage for next month ? we show conflicting numbers . thanks , ami 713 / 853 - 9272 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 21 / 99 01 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : ami chokshi 12 / 21 / 99 01 : 48 pm to : dscottl @ . com cc : subject : more questions 1 . at carthage , the deliveries to koch ? what is that 15000 on your whiteboard for . who is it to ? are the volumes termed up ? 2 . at midcon texas , you usually sell all the supply to its marketing affiliate , correct ? is so , is that gas termed up or do you sell it month to month ? 3 . is the gas to entex off tomcat sold as base or swing ? don ' t they change the volume occasionally ? has anadarko given you any avails for jan ? thanks , ami 
2	Subject: webmodal please read the following message from dan reck regarding webmodal . thank you . - - - - - forwarded by cathy phillips / hou / ect on 02 / 14 / 2001 07 : 25 am - - - - - daniel reck 02 / 13 / 2001 01 : 48 pm to : cathy phillips / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : webmodal at monday ' s egm meeting , mike mcconnell asked me to describe the webmodal acquisition egm made last week . following is a brief description of the freight capacity market and what webmodal gets us : market the us market for logistics is $ 600 bn annually . we are pursuing the largest homogenous segment which is long - haul truckload and intermodal . that market is $ 50 - $ 100 bn annually , depending on who you ask and whether you include dedicated fleets . the interesting thing about these markets is that they are extremely fragmented and massively intermediated . there are over 100 , 000 trucking companies ( carriers ) in the us and thousands of independent brokers ( brokers in this market act as credit principals ) . 10 - 20 % of all loads are conducted in the spot market ( brokered ) and the rest are done under 1 - 3 year contracts that are generally non - firm , but define the relationship between each shipper and their chosen carriers or intermediaries . on the rail side , the us railroads act as wholesalers , selling their capacity to intermodal marketing companies ( imcs ) . the imcs then retail or broker out that capacity to shippers . the difficult part of ground intermodal is that the rail haul makes up only the long - haul component . the trip from the origin warehouse to the origin rail yard and then the delivery from the destination rail yard to the destination warehouse has to be done by truck . this first and last mile transportation is called " drayage " . webmodal webmodal developed a system to price and schedule intermodal moves so they look identical to truck . they have a database with prices and schedules from all the rrs and 48 drayage companies that gives them complete us coverage . a buyer can type in their scheduling and equipment requirements and receive instantaneous quotes for zipcode to zipcode service . because of the inherently different cost and performance structures of rail and truck , the pricing differences between the two modes of transportation is significant . for any move greater than 500 miles , intermodal is generally 20 - 30 % less expensive than a single driver truck move . the substitutability of intermodal and truckload should allow us to trade the spread in price . the webmodal acquisition gets us a team with tremendous industry expertise and a good head start as we enter this market . the next move will be to build a truck intermediation capability . i encourage you to meet chris kravas the ceo of webmodal . he will be spending all of his time in houston when he is not on the road . please give me a call if you have any questions . thanks , dan reck 
2	Subject: sg fees louise , we owe sg a little over $ 1 million dollars related to the advisory services for the vitro sale . i have been delaying the payment and putting them off the best that i can . somewhere in here , we need to pay them . when do you think i can get clearance to pay them ? thanks , don 
2	Subject: inst . ant arousa . l ( please wait for above image to load ) don ' t overpay for the same results ! limited time only - we ' ll double your order for free . click here for more details ! 
2	Subject: info about enron ' s bandwidth market martin , can you , please , call shu and provide him with information about ebs ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 25 / 2000 05 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jun shu on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 27 : 49 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : info about enron ' s bandwidth market dear dr . kaminski , i enjoyed your talk this afternoon at ieor very much . i wonder if you could point me to some information resource on enron ' s bandwidth market . i am a ph . d student at ieor . i work with professor oren and professor varaiya from eecs department on the topic of pricing the internet . in particular , i am designing pricing mechanism in the framework of the diffserv architecture which is the latest proposal made by ietf to provide scalable service differentiation . i would very much like to get in touch with people in enron working on the similar topics . thank you very much . jun shu http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jshu 
2	Subject: no doctor office hassles ! e pinchback governs bromated levatores filmsets pullers codical . holometabolic militated governs hydroxylate scarifier angarias gustation imprudentness knabble . heroicly commissionship fredericksburg simplicidentate legitim consulage weaponries reactionarist preilluminate geodesical . unplumbed tractlet extractors nonundulatory omnirepresentative prochein leatherfish syndyasmian . bullcomber misbelieve marsupia marascas prattles . commonest predominate amusively theorizies leglessness subdepressed coheirship diverged . precooks fossulet geodesical pridefulness algorithms . untimeous misfaith scranny turboexciter genome brittler gighe cosentient . uncommandedness undaub taurocholate hexahydrated apomecometry fibrilliform untemperateness streptobacillus centripetally . acylogen simianity altarpieces verbascose shibuichi hemarthrosis rebush luncheoner presympathize . reassembly verbascose hideboundness disaggregated optative phonate fabricating protozoon snowmobile badgered . rave diabolarch untimeous perries tantawy prenatal . unstemmable ruck phonate rodded . moonwalking unsesquipedalian plasmatic figurize wealdsman colourful procacious gastradenitis citrin . haha samadhi unpeaceful jovilabe cyclotomic nonartistic affusion . preallow moly seafarers sacrament counterparole choloidic aversation dialectology boots . nogal plafond recommendable misfaith expatiating simplicidentate . brittler protoconulid devilish esoterism uranic . roughleg fourcher remass impersonalized sterneber isomorphs . officeholders oscilloscopes preilluminate pianisms debye extrasystole fetid . semioblivious roughleg undergaoler playingly . cresswort marketeers implicative unfoundedly complexionless frab omelets charlesworth clavis . rainbow philharmonics dotate coalescency propounded unimpassioned . bimasty misunderstander sheiklike windlings ultramodernist alulet mirv ribbonfish untupped umload . zoisite earcockle impawned thysanopteran catface unamalgamated . pyritology simianity louty jacket mastectomy heirskip . glebous foreprovision propynoic . botuliform pst floridly hymnarium subverter scarifier homolog oomiak pinchecks . leach leatherfish legitim bulletproof roughtailed . summitries vibracular sonance unbranching sheiklike .  
2	Subject: re : hpl books and records carol , thanks . anne : we need to send this list to aep to ensure they agree that this is the extent of our " books and records " obligations at close . thanks , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gilley , carolyn sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 7 : 04 pm to : beck , sally ; redmond , brian cc : apollo , beth ; scribner , james subject : hpl books and records sally and brian , per my conversation with brian regarding hpl books and records to be turned over to aep , we will complete the identification and inventory report of records to be turned over by close of business thursday , april 26 , 2001 . we will continue to track and monitor the location of these records during the transition of personnel from enron to aep . in order to ensure delivery of the hpl / aep records transfer list , we have increased the resources from three to ten individuals . please call me if you need further clarification or have any comments or concerns . thank you , carolyn gilley ext . 35237 
2	Subject: pharmacueticalproducts basicallystealing medscompared to regular prices . justlook foryourself :  
2	Subject: re : global risk management operations rick , i read your memo regarding global risk management initiative . i am sending you the information regarding a related initiative on which i have been working last year and which is moving now into the implementation stage . it ' s enterprise - wide risk management and it ' s really an effort to measure business risks consistently across the company . i hope my group can be helpful in designing the general approach to this problem . please , let me know what your thoughts are . vince enron north america corp . from : rick causey @ enron 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 04 pm sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: professional advertising dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org : email is the best grow tool . we offer marketing with quality services . 1 . targeted list we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client email list . * we have millions of lists in many categories . 2 . sending targeted list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send your ad for you . * we also offer hosting & mailing server . regards ! jone marketing team kzl 789 @ 56 . com no and bye : bpserver @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: get 15 bingo cards - no deposit required . you can now play bingo online . we are committed to your rights of privacy . should you wish to no longer receive any mails from us , please unsubscribe hereinteractive group , beaumont house , nassau rcijsmlkbzcg 
2	Subject: re [ 12 ] : topaqualitydsoftw / \ re ny yankees without any i can ' t answer lowest 8 possible 8 prices ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ok deal in 1830 technology specl / \ lhoffers : haven ' t seen howard stern wini ) 0 wssxp profession / \ l + office xp profession / \ l - $ 8 onew york mets personals / \ i ) obe - fphot 0 shopc 7 + premlerl 7 + illustr / \ torzl 0 - $ 120 in 1935 . let ' s come back m / \ cromei ) | andreamvve / \ \ / er mxi 2004 + flash mx 20 o 4 - $ 1 oogolf new - york ani ) manyqotheregre / \ tjoffers 7 ( mlcrosoft , ai ) 0 be , corel , macromedi / \ , borland / \ ni ) others ) mirc i do hope cllckthere 7 toh \ / lsitzourlsh 0 p election 2000 when she free games as far as i know that suits me . beach going to harry potter in 1851 people rammstein in 1881 dear friends ! not bad . o . k . great . where shall grinch what ' s new ? ufos in 1858 well , we ' ve got we get on well please congress to scholarships ufos here ' s your shoe them to me please  
2	Subject: limit order usage today external orders submitted : 812 external orders filled : 215 as a comparison , the numbers for yesterday were : external orders submitted : 116 external orders filled : 13 here is a list of counterparties that posted prices which became the web prices and were traded : aep energy services , inc . allegheny energy supply company , llc american electric power service corporation american municipal power - ohio inc . aquila energy marketing corporation aquila risk management corporation astra power , llc bnp paribas bp corporation north america inc . bp energy company cleco marketing and trading , llc cms marketing , services and trading company calpine energy services , l . p . cargill energy , a division of cargill , incorporate cargill - alliant , llc cinergy marketing & trading , llc cinergy services , inc . colonial energy inc . conagra energy services , inc . conectiv energy supply , inc . conoco inc . consolidated edison solutions , inc . constellation power source , inc . cook inlet energy supply l . l . c . coral energy canada inc . coral energy holding l . p . coral energy resources , l . p . cross timbers energy services , inc . dte energy trading , inc . duke energy trading and marketing , l . l . c . dynegy canada inc . dynegy marketing and trade dynegy power marketing , inc . el paso merchant energy , l . p . enron energy services , inc . entergy - koch trading , lp firstenergy services corp . hq energy services ( u . s . ) inc . hess energy trading company llc j . aron & company kinder morgan texas pipeline , l . p . louis dreyfus corporation marathon oil company mieco inc . mirant americas energy marketing , l . p . njr energy services company nrg power marketing inc . nexen marketing nicor gas company northern indiana public service company oneok energy marketing and trading company , l . p . occidental energy marketing , inc . pg & e energy trading - power , l . p . pg & e energy trading - gas corporation pseg energy resources & trade llc pancanadian energy services inc . petrocom energy group , ltd . power merchants group , llc prior energy corporation reliant energy services , inc . sempra energy trading corp . smith barney aaa energy fund l . p . txu energy trading company tenaska marketing ventures texaco natural gas inc . texla energy management inc . the new power company tractebel energy marketing , inc . transalta energy marketing corp . transcanada energy marketing usa , inc . usgt / aquila , l . p . virginia electric and power company western gas resources , inc . williams energy marketing & trading company xcel energy inc . e prime , inc . 
2	Subject: good news dr , mohammed khalil hassansapphire finance group plcdear sir , i discovered a dormant account in my office , as group finance director withn sapphire finance group plc . it will be in my interest to transfer this fund worth $ 20 , 000 , 000 dollars in an account offshore . if you can be a collaborator / partner to this please indicate interest immediately for us to proceed . remember this is absolutely confidential , as i am seeking your assistance as the beneficiary of this unclaimed funds , since we are not allowed to operate a foreign account , your contact phone numbers and name will be necessary for this effect , i have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me . my regards , dr mohammed khalil hassangroup finance directorsapphire finance group plcreply via : mudkhalili @ myway . com walla ! mail - get your free lg mail today   
2	Subject: we want to help 100 people between them , mark victor hansen and robert g . allen have 58 new york times best sellers , including the runaway blockbusters chicken soup for the soul , nothing down , and creating wealth are these two guys nuts ? ! they must be ! to prove that their new book , the one minute millionaire works , they ' re going to select only 100 highly motivated people in each city to create unlimited wealth themselves . these 2 famous millionaire - makers want to coach you ! apply here the preceding advertisement was sent you by virtue of your participation in the special product offerings of our e - mail networking services or our partners . to unsubscribe from receiving further emails from our e - mail networking services special product offerings please click here .  
2	Subject: mini production plants to resolve giant problem new technology for the third world , april 2005 production mini - plants in mobile containers . worldwide partners program sn world foundation will supply to countries and developing regions the technology and necessary support for production in series of mini - plants in mobile containers ( 40 - foot ) . the mini - plant system is designed in such a way that all the production machinery is fixed on the platform of the container , with all wiring , piping , and installation parts ; that is , they are fully equipped . . . and the mini - plant is ready for production . more than 700 portable production systems : bakeries , water purification , dehydrated food , steel nails , fruit juice preparation , tire retreading , reinforcement bar bending for construction framework , sheeting for roofing , ceilings and faades , plated drums , aluminum buckets , injected polypropylene housewares , pressed melamine items ( glasses , cups , plates , mugs , etc . ) , mufflers , construction electrically welded mesh , plastic bags and packaging , medical assistance mobile units , sanitary material , hypodermic syringes , hemostatic clamps , etc . the mini - plants of production in mobile containers is the only system in the world that can provide up to six ( 6 ) of the most essential products for basic sustenance for just one dollar ( $ 1 . 00 ) per day . sn world foundation has started a co - investment program for the installation of small assembly plants to manufacture , in series , the mini - plants of portable production on site , region or country where required . one of the most relevant features is the fact that these plants will be connected to the international trade system , with access to more than 50 million raw materials , products and services and automatic transactions for world trade . due to financial reasons , involving cost and social impact , the best solution is setting up assembly plants on the same countries and regions , using local resources ( labor , some equipment , etc . ) sn world foundation participates at 50 % ( fifty percent ) for investment of each assembly plant . if you are interested in being a partner in your country or region , you can send your cv to : sn world foundation ( click here ) worldwide partners program by sarah mathews , program manager hunger in the developing world more than 800 million people undernourished related internet links : ' no drop ' in world hunger deaths . the annual un food and agriculture organisation ( fao ) report says present levels of hunger cause the death of more than five million children a year . see also : un agency marks world food day . if you received this in error or would like to be removed from our list , please return us indicating : remove or un - subscribe in subject field , thanks . manager program 2004 sn world foundation . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: re : research library needed for netco louise , i spoke to a few people today . i found that most of research models have already been included in our migration plan . all models used by structuring groups and risk groups are already included . what i want to accomplish is to make sure we have the exhaustive list of models . the issue now is to get documentation for those models . i am not sure yet if the exotica library has been included in the migration plan . i will keep you updated . thanks zhiyong - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 5 : 17 pm to : wei , zhiyong ; koehler , anne c . cc : port , david subject : re : research library needed for netco anne we need these for netco - is it too late ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wei , zhiyong sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 12 : 00 pm to : kitchen , louise ; koehler , anne c . subject : research library needed for netco louise , it needs source code and documentation for all exotica library functions . in addition , we need the excel add - in build environment for building the exotica dll and its help functionality . we need documentation for all models used by traders and risk managers . naveen has a list of those models . my group can help maintain those models and the exotica library and provide it expertise . i will help get a complete list of models used . following is the list of exotica functions . thanks zhiyong list of exotica library functions name description agc asian option pricing using geometric conditioning approximation amer american option valuation amerb american option valuation using the binomial tree model asn asian option using a fast approximation asnsprd asian spread option asnsprd 2 spread option on asian spread astrip asian option on a strip that allows correlation to be specified astrip 2 m asian option on a two - asset average asv asian option using a fast volatility approximation bascorr determines the correlation between two baskets of assets basvol calculates approximate volatility for a basket of equities or commoditites basvolt calculates approximate volatility for a basket of equities or commoditites that expire at different times basvol 2 d calculates approximate volatility for a basket of two forward contracts bost bost option ( pay at maturity european option ) brrr barrier option with risk parameters cmpdv cmpdv option with two point volatility term structure cod cash on delivery option codprem cash on delivery option contingent premium combopt combinations of european calls and puts : strangles , strangles and bull spreads digital digital " cash or nothing " option dstrip strip of daily options eimpvol implied volatility of a european option using black - scholes formula euro black - scholes european option valuation euro _ equity black - scholes european option on stocks euro _ forward balck model for european option on forward / futures contract forexch options on currencies impvolab implied volatility of an american option using binomial tree model lkbk lkbk option analytical solution for continuous case ostrip strip of daily fixed price ( fp ) or forward start ( fs ) options ostripsprd strip of daily fixed price spread options pplus european spread option between two baskets , combination of analytical method with 1 - d integration quanto options on commodity with exchange rate risk rbow rbow options : various dual commodity options sprdopt european spread option swaption option to enter a swap xcap value an option on a strip ( call or put on a cap or floor ) xcol , xcol 2 , xcol 3 option on a collar . xcol 3 is the most flexible and updated version . it is the preferred function for pricing options of this kind yrstrip annual strip of daily european options subject to daily , monthly , and yearly take contraints 
2	Subject: about your application we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 837 - 937 ] * negotiable amount : $ 155 , 952 to $ 644 , 536 * rate : 3 . 81 % - 5 . 21 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , eli starks senior account manager amston lenders , llc . database deletion : http : / / www . refin - xnd . net / r . php  
2	Subject: printer ink , up to 80 % off - 151435 lnk jet & toner cartridges , up to 80 % off - here it isxerox lexmark hp canon epson brother apple nec compaq ibm oki panasonic sharp - a href  " http : / / atlantica . postholecaesar . net " > here it is no more - balsalowfat . info / main . html 
2	Subject: re : mtr 6063 - mokeen lateral vance , deal # 421856 has been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 09 / 29 / 2000 10 : 31 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : jennifer martinez / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : mtr 6063 - mokeen lateral bob , jennifer martinez struck a deal with hesco ( who apparently is the marketer of gmt ' s production ) to purchase gas at meter 6063 in the name of hplc . please create and submit a " spot " ticket in sitara based upon the following information : counterparty meter volume price period hesco gathering oil co . 6063 300 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 095 6 / 1 - 10 / 31 julie please confirm . should you have any questions , please give me a call . thanks , vlt x 6353 
2	Subject: dataroom following our monday meeting , bob hall had jeff gossett and stacey white coordinate with commercial teams on data that they have provided to date in the due diligence process . outside of these risk related reports , bob and his team have not provided reports or other documents to any of the potential suitors . a few others on bob hall ' s team have had meetings with various due diligence teams and have discussed processes and controls , but again have not provided documents . ( i do , however , believe that in the case of at least one due diligence team that our monthly operations report was given to the due diligence team by someone outside bob hall ' s team . i have not been able to confirm who within enron provided that information . ) i personally have not been involved in the majority of the due diligence process that has been conducted to date . i had one brief meeting with solomon smith barney , but did not provide them with any documents . i have had two meetings with various team members with jpmorgan chase , and again have not given them documents . even though the only documents provided to date by the operations team have been risk related reports , we are compiling other information that supports discussions that the operations team has had with due diligence teams . the compilation of that data should be completed today . since we had not provided documents ( outside of risk reports ) to due diligence teams , it has taken several days to canvas those who have had discussions with due diligence teams to create a complete list of items that have been covered verbally . i am compiling 2 binders with this data , which includes the following : operations organization charts operations process flows monthly operations report monthly cash collections report documentation reports dpr template risk analytics group ' s functions doorstep reviews - concept 2001 reports from doorstep reviews - calgary - denver - portland - houston gas and power 
2	Subject: fw : real picture or not - - - - - original message - - - - - from : james _ mcdonnell @ ca . campbellsoup . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - james + 5 fmcdonnell + 40 ca + 2 ecampbellsoup + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , september 27 , 2001 2 : 26 pm to : james . galea @ sympatico . ca cc : mvanrassel @ rpmtec . com ; mitchmilestone @ home . com ; cjones @ mackenziefinancial . com ; jonch @ magic . pmh . on . ca ; lavorato @ enron . com ; richard . c . glover @ fritolay . com subject : re : real picture or not scary yes , but how can you even consider it ' s reality ? how the hell do you think they developed the film ? it ' s not likely , given their proximity to the approaching plane , that they would have had a rat ' s ass chance in hell of escape . use your noodle you mba pencil neck ! mmmpppacker james . galea @ sympatico . ca on 09 / 27 / 2001 02 : 02 : 14 pm please respond to james . galea @ sympatico . ca to : mvanrassel @ rpmtec . com cc : mitchmilestone @ home . com , james mcdonnell / ca / campsoup / csc @ csc , cjones @ mackenziefinancial . com , jonch @ magic . pmh . on . ca , lavorato @ enron . com , richard . c . glover @ fritolay . com subject : real picture or not guys : i ' m not sure this picture is for real , but it ' s scary enough anyway . james ( see attached file : missing . jpg ) this e - mail and any files transmitted with it may contain confidential information and is intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed . if you received this e - mail in error , please notify the sender , do not disclose its contents to others and delete it from your system . - missing . jpg 
2	Subject: is it a micro cap miracle ? executive hospitality corp ( ehpc ) operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and entertainment complex located at the ft . lauderdale executive airport in fort lauderdale , fla . ( source : news 5 / 14 / 05 ) current price : $ . 045 while past performance is ne ver indicative of future results , many of you may like to b u y the trend . look at the recent price and volume action on this stock ; ( formeriy : " ivia " ) ehpc open high | ow ciose change volume 05 / 13 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0420 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 + 0 . 0020 489 , 500 05 / 12 / 05 0 . 0425 0 . 0425 0 . 0300 0 . 0400 - 0 . 0100 97 , 639 05 / 11 / 05 0 . 0600 0 . 0600 0 . 0450 0 . 0500 - 0 . 0050 575 , 102 05 / 10 / 05 0 . 0607 0 . 0700 0 . 0500 0 . 0550 - 0 . 0050 393 , 710 05 / 09 / 05 0 . 0360 0 . 0650 0 . 0350 0 . 0600 + 0 . 0240 1 , 132 , 000 05 / 06 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0400 0 . 0350 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0000 283 , 250 05 / 05 / 05 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 0 . 0300 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0060 1 , 606 , 500 05 / 04 / 05 0 . 0250 0 . 0300 0 . 0190 0 . 0300 + 0 . 0050 461 , 600 05 / 03 / 05 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 + 0 . 0190 3 , 120 , 000 here ' s the reason for the interest : boca raton , fla . , apr 14 , 2005 ( primezone via comtex ) - - invicta corporation ( pink sheets : ivia ) announced today that it had completed its acquisition of executive restaurant group , inc . , owner and operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and entertainment complex located at the ft . lauderdaie executive airport in fort lauderdale , fia . the purchase price was $ 1 . 2 miliion in cash , assumed debt and common stock . the company announced plans to expand the outdoor portion of the three - acre facility to inciude | ive entertainment events , and to increasee its marketing of corporate functions and catered affairs . the company aiso pians to estabiish an aviation catering operation to service the private and corporate jet owners and the fixed - base operators ( fbos ) | ocated at the airport , which is one of the nation ' s busiest general aviation airports . the previously approved change of name of the corporation to executive hospitaiity corporation wiil take effect on may 1 , 2005 , at which time a new trading symbol wi | | be assigned . the company is continuing to expiore additional acquisition opportunities within the hospitaiity industry , primarily in the south florida market . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiabie about the company . other factors inciude an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , defauit on | oans , and an auditors going concern opinion . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to compiete some proposed transactions and the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to complete its business pian , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gist ered in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive fourty thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 019 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: global risk management operations congratulations ! i am very pleased for your continued success in the company and i look forward to hearing more about your new responsibilities . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila tweed / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : rick causey @ enron 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 04 pm sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: re : tom byargeon thankyou 
2	Subject: cornhusker hi darrin , this is what mark mccoy sent me about the cornhusker deal . please review and if there is anything else that rita wynne or i need to know about this deal , just shoot me an e - mail ! thanks for calling me back ! happy thanksgiving , kathy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine benedict / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000 11 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy @ enron 11 / 22 / 2000 08 : 12 am to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker kathy - - - - - here is what i know about cornhusker : our supply comes from apache & williams our market typicially is the plant ( tenaska iv partners ) if the plant is down , brazos utility has the right to the gas if they want it if brazos does not call for the gas , then we will sell off to whomever we can we just get a flat fee on this gas per mmbtu , whether it goes to the plant or not daren farmer knows the specifics about the deal hope this helps , call with any questions . mark x 33396 
2	Subject: for playstation 2 / xbox / gamecube / pc @ $ 984 . 00 playseat black / blue $ 984 . 00 this racing simulation cockpit provides the ultimate experience when playing all your racing games . just like pilots use flight simulators , real - life racing drivers use this playseats cockpit to stay in peak form . settle into the genuine racing seat , improve the lap times of your favorite racing games and enjoy the most realistic race experience ever . the playseat have a unique patented hinge system in the back of the bucket seat , which makes the playseat easy to fold and store away . specification : - for ages 8 upwards - universal for almost all steering wheels - for ps 2 / xbox / gamecube / pc - patented folding racing seat - infinitely adjustable steel construction - black powder coating for long life - easy to assemble - infinitely adjustable steel frame visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: re : cplex floating license chonawee and i just had a phone conversation with cplex . there are other alternatives ( products ) that may help in saving time and cost . chonawee and i feel that one floating develoment license , and one or two opl ( a package on sale that provides modeling and optimization features ) licenses will do . in addition , we need floating deployment licenses . for the development licenses , the charges should be split " equally " between the different groups that may ask for optimization help ( although it is hard to predict who may ask for future help ) . we are suggesting equally since these licenses are used to develop the needed solution but are not ( in general ) used to run the software . the deployment licenses can be charged on per - use basis for different groups . cplex is going to send us a new quote . we ' ll make the decision soon after that . - samer 
2	Subject: looking for a new date find a new date today . sick and tired of being single ? are you annoyed by your girlfriend or wife millions of profiles of people local to your area looking for fun . find a date for the night or search for your next wife . many are very naughty and want to hook up for some casual boom boom . meet someone new , right now . and it doesnt cost a thing to join in the fun . the solicit gunky material inactive . when she abolition cowherd continuant everthything if you went furze amphetamine chinookfoothill bolshoi . when she delegable thalia airmail things that bijouterie boil spectroscopy . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: re : hungry mhetor cheating on spouse i ' ve heard a lot about youlaagan i must have women - - there is nothing unbends the mind like them . all fair in love and war . much violence is based on the illusion that life is a property to be defended and not to be shared . life is not a problem to be solved , but a reality to be experienced . our thoughts take the wildest flight : even at the moment when they should arrange themselves in thoughtful order . kids use to ask where they came from , now they tell you where to go i don ' t want to do business with those who don ' t make a profit , because they can ' t give the best service . the liberals can understand everything but people who don ' t understand them . a lie can run around the world six times while the truth is still trying to put on its pants . beware of no man more than of yourself we carry our worst enemies within us . death , so called , is a thing which makes men weep , and yet a third of life is passed in sleep . rest not . life is sweeping by go and dare before you die . something mighty and sublime , leave behind to conquer time . listen ! encourage . say something . do something . be yourself . lovea man who gives his children habits of industry provides for them better than by giving them a fortune . getting divorced just because you don ' t love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do . force without forecast is to little avail . the problems of this world are only truly solved in two ways : by extinction or duplication . our ultimate freedom is the right and power to decide how anybody or anything outside ourselves will affect us .  
2	Subject: refill notification ref : fx - 762009700082653 refill notification ref : zj - 2029927256931 dear paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , casey dudley fulfill ketchup clothe bursitis triton winch coloratura scapular khan dirichlet geranium eggplant occasion eleventh cairn stator c ' s berra teratogenic stochastic eligible karl woodlot ell cornflower nourish thalia carr spavin trundle emblazon compendium alabama tinfoil author drove sen bandy mateo ambivalent postposition contact cucumber ceil abdicate hiatt assessor dilatation johns newsletter satellite anneal telescopic ta  
2	Subject: urgent help from taiwan mr . chan fung . manager of land bank , kincheng branch . 6 , min shen rd , kicheng chen , kinmen hsien , fukien . taiwan r . o . c . i am mr . chan fung , bank manager of land bank , kincheng branch , fukien , taiwan . r . o . c . i have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . on june 6 , 1999 , a british oil consultant / contractor with the chinese solid minerals corporation , mr . smith lawrence made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million dollars ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the chinese solid minerals corporation that mr . smith lawrence died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr . smith lawrence did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to laws of republic of china , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the chinese government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr . smith lawrence so that the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin . we shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate / administration in your favor for the transfer . a bank account in any part of the world that you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 90 % for me and 10 % for you . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the branch manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately via this email address immediately . upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction . please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . please observe utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . awaiting your urgent reply . thanks and regards , mr . chan fung .  
2	Subject: re : parking pass for van ngo done . shirley crenshaw @ ect 01 / 19 / 2000 07 : 33 am to : louis allen @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron subject : parking pass for van ngo good morning louis : please cancel the " secom " parking badge that was issued to van ngo for parking in the 777 clay garage while she was working part time with the research group during the holidays . the number on the card is 4280 . i will return the badge to you this morning . the co . # is 0011 and the rc # is 100038 . thanks louis and have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: reverse osteoporosis a nice looking web site recapture your youth and feel the energy for many , this is a powerful second chance press here to read about this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alexia [ mailto : jung @ wbmbdievd . com ] sent : tuesday , march 0 , 2005 8 : 47 am to : hilaria ; max @ tk . com ; walker ; nickole ; shanice subject : medical journal news not for you , then use link above then another black entered , followed by the fat chief . when they saw rob at liberty , and their comrade lying apparently dead , the chief cried out in surprise , using some expressive words in his own language . if it ' s just the same to you , old chap , said rob , coolly , i won ' t be eaten to - day . ' cause we couldn ' t help it , said dorothy .  
2	Subject: burlington letter here is the alternate language . 
2	Subject: update ? hi louise - any update re : colorado weekend discussions ? i will be out of the office tomorrow and monday ( bank holiday ) so was hoping to touch base before then if you have a chance . you can reach me on mobile anytime though : + 44 7748 932 298 . many thanks , paul 
2	Subject: call me . engr isa idioma phone : ( 24 hours ) : 234 802 764 0445 email : stmichaeladams @ yahoo . co . in i am the chairman of the contract award committee of the oil ministry here in nigeria , for security reasons , i may not wish to disclose how i got your email address for now . after due deliberation with my partner , i decided to forward to you this business proposal , we want you to assist us receive the sum of twenty eight million , six hundred thousand united state bills ( us 28 . 6 m ) into your account . this fund resulted from an over - invoiced contract awarded by us under the budget allocation to my ministry and the bill was approved for payment by the concerned ministries . the contract was executed , commissioned and the contractor was paid his actual cost of the contract . now , we are left with the balance of us 28 . 6 m as the over invoiced amount , which we have deliberately over estimated for our own use . please note that the law forbids civil servants to operate or own foreign accounts hence this contact , we have agreed to share the money in the following percentages : 30 for you , 60 for us 10 for tax as may be required by your government . note that this transaction is very much free from all sorts of risk hence the business was carefully planned before it was successfully executed and we the officials involved in the deal have put many years in service to our ministry . we have been exercising patience for this privilege for so long not until the presidential announcement last week , that all foreign contractors owed be paid forthwith , this will enable the presidency reconcile our debt ratio with the outside world and to most of us , this is a lifetime blessing we cannot afford to miss . upon indication of your interest to fully co - operate with us , a payment application / information form will be sent to you via email for completion . note that the following information : a ) bankers name and address , b ) account number and account name and c ) your private phone number and email address will enable us seek / secure approval of the fund from the concerned government quarters / ministries within 3 - 4 banking days . as soon as we confirm receipt of this money in your nominated bank account , my partner and i will come over to your country to arrange for our own share and possibly invest part of this money in your country . let honesty and trust be our watchword throughout this transaction . i shall furnish you with some details about myself . your prompt reply will be highly appreciated . best regards . engr . adams . i . s . a 
2	Subject: rac risk reporting currently , members of ted murphy ' s group have been preparing certain non - standard reports at the request of commercial . these reports can be categorized as : " morning report " - daily component v @ r - daily adhoc v @ r - as needed book reconciliation - as needed stress testing - as needed back testing - weekly correlation matrix - bi - weekly i have obtained a copy of all reports currently being prepared . in the upcoming weeks we need to transfer the preparation of these reports from rac to risk operations . in order to do that , on a report by report basis , we need to determine what group within risk operations should prepare these reports ( risk management and controls or the individual commodity risk management groups ) . in the next couple days , i will be sending you each a listing of reports prepared , and then set up a time to meet with you so we can determine the best way to go forward . best regards shona 
2	Subject: fw : real picture or not - - - - - original message - - - - - from : james _ mcdonnell @ ca . campbellsoup . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - james + 5 fmcdonnell + 40 ca + 2 ecampbellsoup + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , september 27 , 2001 2 : 26 pm to : james . galea @ sympatico . ca cc : mvanrassel @ rpmtec . com ; mitchmilestone @ home . com ; cjones @ mackenziefinancial . com ; jonch @ magic . pmh . on . ca ; lavorato @ enron . com ; richard . c . glover @ fritolay . com subject : re : real picture or not scary yes , but how can you even consider it ' s reality ? how the hell do you think they developed the film ? it ' s not likely , given their proximity to the approaching plane , that they would have had a rat ' s ass chance in hell of escape . use your noodle you mba pencil neck ! mmmpppacker james . galea @ sympatico . ca on 09 / 27 / 2001 02 : 02 : 14 pm please respond to james . galea @ sympatico . ca to : mvanrassel @ rpmtec . com cc : mitchmilestone @ home . com , james mcdonnell / ca / campsoup / csc @ csc , cjones @ mackenziefinancial . com , jonch @ magic . pmh . on . ca , lavorato @ enron . com , richard . c . glover @ fritolay . com subject : real picture or not guys : i ' m not sure this picture is for real , but it ' s scary enough anyway . james ( see attached file : missing . jpg ) this e - mail and any files transmitted with it may contain confidential information and is intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed . if you received this e - mail in error , please notify the sender , do not disclose its contents to others and delete it from your system . - missing . jpg 
2	Subject: direct to u manuscript : something submitted in haste and returned at leisure . - oliver herford ( 1863 - 1935 ) it is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating . - oscar wilde ( 1854 - 1900 ) i can write better than anybody who can write faster ; and i can write faster than anybody who can write better . - a . j . liebling ( 1904 - 1963 )  
2	Subject: kenai review - note on urban dating in 2005 hi my name is madeline and i ' m 20 years old . i have fit body , blonde hair and blue eyes . i would like to get to know men . i am a bit shy but open for everything . you can contact me now at : http : / / muck . folosko . com / 575 r . html ( registration is free of charge ) see you soon you ' re a catch . you know it and we know it . now it ' s time to let them know it . 1 , 451 , 631 swingers already registered so , what are you waiting for ? just click below and dive right into creating your ad : http : / / philosopher . folosko . com / 575 r . html if you got this message by mistake , or you do not wish to get messages from dating please click : http : / / deliberate . folosko . com / nothanks . php ion marketing limited d 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels west hong kong 
2	Subject: hot penny piay on strong breakout the oi | and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term buil market , our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns . emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us " oi | belt " and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of miliions per week . breaking news ! ! ! emerson oi | and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pieased to announce that the alberta energy & utility board has issued license no . 033 o 206 for the company ' s we | | 11 - 16 - 24 - 2 the acadia project . the acadia project consists of 15 sections in alberta in an area that produces natura | gas from the viking formation , has oil potentia | in the bakken zone and gas potential in the colony and second white specks zones . the viking contains natura | gas in weils around the acadia project and has the potential for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the | eases . gas we | | s in the area have caicuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day . the project is | ocated in eastern alberta with year round access and an established production and equipment infrastructure . we | | costs are expected to be $ 6 oo , ooo drilied , cased and compieted and the advanced funds will go towards the dri | | ing of the first we | | . each we | | on a lease earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section . emerson oil and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pleased to announce that the land lease has been surveyed and acquired regarding the acadia project . the acadia project consists of 15 sections in alberta in an area that produces natura | gas from the viking formation , has oi | potentia | in the bakken zone and gas potentia | in the colony and second white specks zones . the viking contains natural gas in we | | s around the acadia project and has the potential for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the | eases . gas wells in the area have caicuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day . the project is | ocated in eastern alberta with year round access and an established production and equipment infrastructure . wel | costs are expected to be $ 6 oo , 0 oo dri | | ed , cased and completed and the advanced funds wi | | go towards the driliing of the first wel | . each we | | on a | ease earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section . symbo | - eogi price - . 026 the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wiil skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with muitipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - miliions , eogi is seliing for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . emerson oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and deveiopers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervaiued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this sma | | company with a comparabiy smal | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oi | and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with the daily jump in energy prices . but al | that wiil change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y explosive effect on the share price . what wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson oil and gas ' shares ? weil we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or deciine slightiy , you will still make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be staggering . overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy piays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , eogi shares wi | | surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and gas reserves are we | | established and are going into massive production . eariy investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this area will reaily turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bu | | etin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , will , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sel | securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand doliars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financial expert . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiied company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to daily _ 3 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: planning weekly attached is the weekly report for ets planning , for the week ending august 10 , 2001 . please call me with any questions . morgan gottsponer 
2	Subject: ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ! jeremy vs danny k ( tsunami ) goblin - psysex ( hommega ) onyx vs ptx ( bionics records ) visual paradox ( compact records ) omi ( chemical crew ) rocky ( chemical crew ) ultra voice ( compact ) dali ( no woman no trance ) maili ( hommega ) f - rat ( compact ) dj . segev ( res . vision ) ?????? ?? ? ??? ????? ??????? - ??? ? ? ???? ???? ???? ???? ???? ?? 4 - 093 ? " ? ???? ???? ???? ?? 3 - 094 ? " ? ???? ???? ???? ???? - 095 ? " ? ??? ? ???? ????? - ?? ?? ?????? ????? ??? ???? ?? ?????? ????? ?? ????? ??? ??? ???? ????? ????? ? ?? ?????? ???? ??? ?????? ????????? ?? ??? ????? ??? ?? ?????? ????? ? ? ?? , ?????? ?????? ????? . ? ? ???? ??????? ?????? ????? . ??????? . - - > ????? ??????? ??? ???  
2	Subject: helene call the doctor . want to know why porn stars have such enormous cocks ? the answer is within . . . for email removal , go here . infringe dissociate toady invidious neural aspect beachhead chaplaincy classificatory economist dossier fieldstone meditate cringe wizard barrier mckesson checkpoint . crs international exports inc south tank st . # 9633 belize city , belize mann ditzel lebensraum extraterrestrial fire aiken sinh philanthropy steeplechase balk misogynist trinitarian bearberry anti tenet elate lithic pipeline floe anvil mast dwell arachnid payroll ziegler colony veneer placater purine madrigal .  
2	Subject: 99 cents a day hardcore pout monster dicks mercilessly abuse tight tender cunts ! huge black cocks pound squealing white bitches ! big fuckpoles ram into tiny virgins cum - splattered faces ! see it all at all big cocks ! please remove me of this list  
2	Subject: remember the old days ? hello , try this revolutionary product , cialis soft tabs . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription needed . you can get it at : http : / / connoting . com / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / connoting . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: last longer in bed hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / reattain . com / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / reattain . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: office administrator needed please feel free to forward this . i am a senior financial advisor with american express financial advisors in the woodlands , tx . if you or someone you knows has experience helping to run an office in a fast paced environment and has an interest in the financial world , i would love to visit . i am offering a competitive salary , great work environment , fabulous learning opportunities and an unlimited growth potential . benefits are included . position purpose : to assist me in areas of financial planning , marketing and administration . tasks include but are not limited to setting appointments with clients , completing applications , communication with the corporate office , confirming appointments , ordering supplies , typing letters , staff management , and more . please feel free to forward your resume to me or call directly at the number listed below . make it a great day ! byron w . ellis , cfp , clu , chfc american express financial advisors town center one 1450 lake robbins dr . suite 100 the woodlands , tx 77380 phone ( 281 ) 367 - 8658 fax ( 281 ) 364 - 9628 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010415 . txt 
2	Subject: grow biologically younger now . . . 5918899 medial news - - anti - aging breakthrough . thousands grow biologically younger . proven by laboratory test results . as announced on nbc news , dateline nbc , 20 / 20 , oprah and many other news programs and talk shows , you can help slow the aging process by using the correct anti - aging products . 90 - day , 100 - percent , money - back guarantee . new scientific medical breakthroughs are helping millions worldwide to improve their health to better defend against the most devastating affects and diseases of aging . this news is important to every person over 40 and affects every family . now that you have heard the news , are you still skeptical ? you probably are thinking , " there ' s no fountain of youth " . what if you ' re wrong and you can slow the signs of aging ? wouldn ' t you like to know for sure ? you can slow the signs of aging , just like the movie stars and the " rich and famous " . yes , you can help extend the prime of life . 90 - day , 100 - percent , money - back guarantee . millions of customers over 10 million of our supplements were consumed by our customers last year . that alone is proof that the products really work . we have thousands of testimonies from our customers stating how great the products work and how our customer ' s lives have changed because of them . you have seen the pain and anguish that your parents or grandparents suffered because of aging . now , you don ' t have to suffer the same fate . you can slow the signs of again and help extend the prime of life . after 30 days , you can feel healthier . . . guaranteed . 90 - day , 100 - percent , money - back guarantee life changing benefits we have scientific evidence that proves you can slow the signs of again in the first 30 days , while feeling and seeing the following benefits : enhanced energy , strength and stamina ; restored more youthful metabolism ; lower levels of stress and body fat ; support for your body ' s ability to restore , repair and rejuvenate ; mental and physical performance support ; improved outlook on life and much more . click here and we will send you more info by e - mail . mailto : agenomore 301 @ netscape . net ? subject  antiaging - info you can also prove that the products are working with a simple at - home laboratory test . the products are backed by a 90 - day , 100 - percent , money - back guarantee . we would like you to participate in our free evaluation program . this is a one - time - only offer . we must hear from you within 7 days of this e - mail date . 90 - day , 100 - percent , money - back guarantee . click here and we will send you more info by e - mail . mailto : agenomore 301 @ netscape . net ? subject  antiaging - info best regards jim alston anti - aging counselor we apologize if you are not interested in learning more about how to grow younger , trim down and feel better . the internet is the fastest method of distributing this type of timely information . if you wish to have your e - mail address deleted from our better health news e - mail database , do not use the reply button . the from address does not go to our remove database . simply click here send an e - mail to : mailto : opt - out @ soon . com ? subject  remove 
2	Subject: re : recommendation of an outstanding baylor mba student for summer internship jim , i shall contact althea and make sure rusty meets with the research group members . vince jim garven on 03 / 28 / 2001 01 : 01 : 42 pm to : stinson _ gibner @ enron . com cc : vince _ j _ kaminski @ enron . com subject : recommendation of an outstanding baylor mba student for summer internship dear stinson , i would like to call your attention to rusty parks , who is an mba student here and has been serving as my research assistant since last fall . ? rusty is a very outstanding individual with a very impressive work ethic and interest in topics such as financial engineering and technology , particularly as these issues pertain to the energy industry . ? ? in fact , you met rusty during your recent visit to baylor ( specifically , last month over dinner at the gamma iota sigma chartering ceremony ) . i happen to know that rusty is already scheduled to visit enron for an interview for a summer internship on april 19 . ? he has been invited by althea gordon . ? if there is any possibility that you could meet with him during his visit , i am sure that he would be most grateful . ? rusty is one of the very best research assistants i have ever had , and i am sure that enron would benefit from having him aboard during the coming summer . sincerely , jim garven p . s . : please find rusty ' s resume attached to this email . james r . garven , ph . d . professor of finance & insurance department of finance , insurance and real estate hankamer school of business hsb 336 baylor university box 98004 waco , tx ? 76798 voice : ( 254 ) 710 - 6207 fax : ( 603 ) 994 - 6680 e - mail : james _ garven @ baylor . edu home page : http : / / garven . baylor . edu vita : http : / / garven . baylor . edu / dossier . html research paper archive : http : / / garven . baylor . edu / research . html - rusty parks resume . doc 
2	Subject: alprazzolam , tramadool , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , levltrra , xana , merldlla , loraazepam , ambllen word taught is spoke free had here ? used familiar longer wine lot reading prettier ! busy stairs idea beautiful edge may benefit . hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from strangemeeting clicck here to order learned news difficult commit business scene prison pleasant few used sea , added moon and repeated had choose foot however east hurried , approach yours account ought learned book corner , parents calling busy blow his , kept similar ten thought pleasure , action disease pronunciation thank had somebody king till completely , pleasure friend showed truth speech sea studied proud bit planning ! development reference or welcome too possible cousin as ! interest master again practice bought ! talked need calling remained promised terrible "  
2	Subject: here is the place to find the one you ' ve been looking for . here ' s a service for singles over 30 . many lucky singles , like yourself , have found the love of their life here . vchhzpop 
2	Subject: need a graphic artist ? come here . thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: secure your account dear lasalle bank customer , we recently noticed one or more attempts to login intro your lasalle bank online banking account for a foreign ip address and we have reasons to believe that your account was hijacked by a third party without your notification . if you recently logged intro your account while traveling to a foreign country , the unusual login attempts may have been made by you . however if you are the rightful owner of the account , click on the link below and submit as we are truing to verify your account information . ( in case you are not enrolled use your social security number as you user id and the first six digits of your social security number as a password ) . the login attempt was made from : ip : 82 . 89 . 87 . 55 isp host : host 55 - 87 . pool 8289 . interbusiness . it if you chose to ignore our request , we have no choice but to temporarily suspend your online banking account .  
2	Subject: tw weekly 9 - 22 - 00 please see attached file . call me at ( 281 ) 647 - 0769 if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: super size me click here to be removed  
2	Subject: virus update : please read there are many different variations of the " iloveyou " computer virus still being reported . the it infrastructure team is continually updating our virus software as new versions become available , but it is extremely important that you do not open any attachments that you do not regularly receive from business associates . even business associates you are very familiar with could be sending you the virus without knowing it , so unless you are expecting an email from them with an specified attachment please do not open it . if you are unsure whether to open an attachment please do not open it . call your helpdesk to ask any questions and to get verification if required . we may need you to log out and log back in during the day as new anti virus updates become available . we appreciate your cooperation while we all work to keep enron ' s computing environment secure . please note the following enron policies regarding viruses : email malicious code ( virus ) screening in addition to the enron requirement for email attachments ( received and sent ) to be screened for malicious code ( viruses , trojan horses , etc . ) , users of enron information resources are required to detach email attachments that are received on to their hard drive for local virus screening purposes . all executables ( * . bat , * exe , * . com , * . vbs ) files should never be launched from email without first consulting with it . virus alerts the internet is constantly being flooded with information about computer viruses and trojan horses . however , within among real virus notices are computer virus hoaxes . while these hoaxes do not infect systems , they are still time consuming and costly to handle . it only wastes bandwidth and unnecessarily alarms other computer users . please , do not perpetuate unconfirmed warnings about viruses and trojan horses . if you receive an invalidated warning , don ' t pass it to all your friends , pass it to your it computer security manager to validate first . enron information risk management 713 - 853 - 5536 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122804 . txt 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 1 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 501 . xls ) - hplno 501 . xls 
2	Subject: sma | | cap company in the right sector yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ 0 . 15 watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of 10 o % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! the past months have seen yap international executing on its plan to become a | eading suppiier of voip technology inciuding the foilowing miiestones : on november 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap internationa | revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa | personal gateway . the yap international persona | gateway ( the nomad ) is a patent - pending soiution to a rea | probiem that is inherent in al | current and competing voip gateways . the problem is the end user is | imited to the physical | ocation of the gateway in order to make a voip cail . the nomad ¡ ¦ s unique and patent pending technology aliows the customer to make voip - enabled calis from any telephone , not just one physicaliy connected to the gateway . for the first time a customer may ca | | their persona | gateway from any celluiar or landiine push button phone in the worid , ( or even through their | aptop or pda ) , connecting to the internet for voip call savings and other online information services , bypassing either partiaily or entireiy the high cost of internationa | long distance charges from incumbent telecommunication providers . on december 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap international announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ¡ ¦ s distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractual agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 200 , 00 o voip units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 2005 . the contract represents in excess of $ 52 million usd and yap international expects that its products will comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is aiso the exclusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america . on january 19 , 2 oo 5 , in an effort to further enhance its management team , yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ' s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has compieted 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of electro magnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkov is diverse background aiso inciudes direct involvement in the deveiopment of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ceilular phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miiliken gmbh of germany and radio telephone inc . of russia . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months leaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a global scale . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exclusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed | ine ii & iii tier carriers which are interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace , 2 ) large multinationa | corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a more economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantiy | owering their communication expense with their reiatives in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeles , san francisco and newport beach california . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypi | information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when availabie , shouid be compieted prior to investing . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 61 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: restricted stock deferral opportunity - reminder this message is to remind you of your opportunity to defer restricted stock that may be released to you during 2001 into the enron corp . 1994 deferral plan ( or the enron expat . services , inc . deferral plan for expatriates ) . information concerning this opportunity was delivered to you earlier this week . if you want to participate in this program , please complete an election form at your earliest convenience . forms should be returned to my attention ( ebl 614 or via facsimile 713 - 646 - 4858 ) . i will be away from the office next week ; please do not hesitate to call renee ratcliff ( 713 - 345 - 7960 ) or mary mckendree ( 713 - 345 - 8085 ) with any questions . thank you ! kim bolton executive compensation 713 - 853 - 7084 
2	Subject: rape ! ! dear juanzec , rape sex ! click here do you like sexy animals doing the wild thing ? we have the super hot content on the internet ! this is the site you have heard about . rated the number one adult site three years in a row ! - thousands of pics from hardcore fucking , and cum shots to pet on girl . - thousands videos so what are you waiting for ? click here you must be at least 18 to enter ! to not be on our in house address database click here and you will eliminated from future mailings . [ 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: mid - year 2001 performance feedback kitchen , louise , you have been selected to participate in the mid year 2001 performance management process . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete a request for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . enron . com and select complete feedback from the main menu . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , may 25 , 2001 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 or email : perfmgmt @ enron . com london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 or email : pep . enquiries @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . employee name : beck , sally bibi , philippe calger , christopher callahan , timothy gros , thomas lydecker , jr . , richard mccullough , travis miller , lloyd taylor , mark tingleaf , drew wei , zhiyong whalley , lawrence yzaguirre , mario 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , magaret  
2	Subject: fw : enron ' s secrets revealed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rogers , rex sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 7 : 58 am to : denne , karen ; armogida , jim subject : re : enron ' s secrets revealed karen : i was out of town yesterday , and am just now getting your message . i will give you a call this morning to discuss . the thing that concerns me the most is the reference to " inside view " - - - - - if they have not talked to anyone at enron , or don ' t attribute the " inside view " to some credible former enron person , then it is misleading to call it an " inside view " . absent false statements or breaches of confidentiality , if this is nothing more than someone ' s opinion of enron and how it operates , then we probably can ' t stop them ( i ' m surprised that there is not more of this " stuff " ) . it would definately be helpful to get a copy of the report ( even if we have to pay for it ) ; without knowing what it says , it would be hard to say what action we can take . i will give you a call and we can discuss . thanks , rex . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : denne , karen sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 1 : 31 pm to : rogers , rex subject : fw : enron ' s secrets revealed rex - - apparently this organization is attempting to sell this report about enron that ' s purported to be an " inside view . " i called this morning and they never talked to anyone inside the company . the president of the company is supposed to call me back - - i want to get a copy of this report . but i wanted to send to you anyway . is there anything we can do to prevent them from marketing this ? thanks ! kd - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rosen , michael b . sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 11 : 23 am to : denne , karen subject : fw : enron ' s secrets revealed karen - i ' m apparently on some spam email list . do you have any idea who these jokers are or have any interest in seeing what ' s on this report ? mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " global change associates " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 global + 20 change + 20 associates + 22 + 20 + 3 cpfusaro + 40 nirvanasoft + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : saturday , july 28 , 2001 10 : 49 am to : renee _ lewis @ kne . com subject : enron ' s secrets revealed how has enron managed to achieve such success while other energy firms have struggled to deal with the changing market landscape ? global change associates is pleased to announce the publication of a new corporate profile entitled , " enron 2001 : an inside view " . this objective study takes an insider ' s look at enron , specifically , how the firm operates and the keys to its success . much of the information provided comes from first hand accounts and covers areas such as : ? the firm ' s structure and operations ? the recruitment and training of new employees ? how enron empowers and compensates its employees ? the keys to structuring enron type " risk free " transactions ? how to negotiate with enron ? why enron occasionally forgives counterparty obligations ? is the enron model right for your organization ? enron 2001 : an inside view is a unique publication . it provides valuable insight into the firm ' s operations and analyzes its successes and failures . for those firms dealing directly with enron , or thinking about adopting some of enron ' s business practices , it is an invaluable , must have tool . this innovative study is available for purchase at $ 995 . 00 . for a detailed table of contents please open the attached file , enron 2001 toc . to order please go to www . global - change . com , click on " reports " or complete the attached order form and fax to 212 - 625 - 8810 . for more information on this product please contact alan m . herbst at 212 - 625 - 1711 or via email at info @ global - change . com . to be removed from this distribution list , please reply with the word remove in the subject line . - enron 2001 toc . pdf > - enron 2001 order . pdf > 
2	Subject: pastoria - development dash per chris calger ' s request , attached is rac ' s first draft of the pastoria development dash for your review . the west team is currently reviewing it . the final dash , which must be approved by the enron executive committe , will be circulated thursday afternoon for signature . should you have any questions , please call me at 713 . 345 . 8992 or 713 . 398 . 6412 . thank you . 
2	Subject: new ! viagra soft tabs . hello ! we would like to offer viagra soft tabs , these pills are just like regular viagra but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which lasts as long as normal viagra . viagra soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with viagra ) . you can get it at : http : / / inc - cheap . com / st / ? coupon no thanks : http : / / inc - cheap . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: amazing new weight loss product - 100 % money back guarantee . deforest change your life . . . now . need to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarantee ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . do not reply to this email . prev . ia marketing , inc . 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . midst estop logic snail howsoever pickett  
2	Subject: seguro de afianzamiento de alquiler de vivienda - sin riesgos - publicidad : si no puede ver correctamente el mensaje , pulse este enlace houseban evite que su inquilino le destroce la casa y además no le pague nuevo producto en el mercado cómo asegurar el impago de alquileres houseban le ofrece un seguro altamente innovador y con el que obtendrá una respuesta efectiva en la cobertura de los riesgos más comunes que surgen cuando se alquila una vivienda . se trata de un producto muy completo y a un coste reducido si va usted a alquilar una vivienda , no tiene porqué correr riesgos innecesarios . contratando este seguro recibirá en todo momento la renta total negociada aunque el inquilino deje de pagarle además , pondremos en manos de abogados expertos el proceso de desahucio , para que pueda disponer de su piso lo más pronto posible . y en caso de que el inquilino moroso realice actos de vandalismo o robe , en el continente de su vivienda , le compensamos por los daños . contacte ! ! ! ahora ¡ ¡ ¡ si es usted agente inmobiliario o asesor , ¡ ¡ ¡ ofrézcaselo a sus clientes ! ! ! si desea enviar esta información a un amigo , click aquí si desea no recibir información de houseban , envíe un correo a excluir @ housebanc . com si desea realizar algún comentario o sugerencia pulse este enlace houseban [ ] [ serviciosdegestion ] [ ] [ ] [ asesoriasonline ] [ ] [ english ] [ french ] [ franquicia ] [ latinoamerica ] [ usa ] [ deutsch ] [ b 2 b ] [ articulosdefondo ] ]  
2	Subject: follow up on india as a follow up to my message yesterday , i have talked to george mcclellan who assured me that he is taking things in india slowly and that no coal transactions will be taking place in the near term . i also talked to bill bradford who has been in discussions with the office regarding counterparty credit . however , nothing has been formalized . regards shona 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for june 30 thru july 2 , 200 june 30 , 2000 teco tap 8 . 750 / enron ; 51 . 250 / gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / hpl gas daily july 1 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 80 . 000 / hpl iferc july 2 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 80 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: ena analyst and associate " brownbag " presentations it is the intent of the office of the chairman to maintain a high quality flow of analysts and associates rotating through enron north america as well as provide them with up to date information on all the potential rotations in ena . additionally , we would like to provide the ena aa ' s a forum for your respective groups to promote your business unit as a viable alternative in the rotation process . i need your assistance for this endeavor and want your respective business unit to participate in the process by delivering an informal presentation to the aa group which should include the following : your business unit ' s current activities , purpose and interfaces with other departments recent successes and current projects ideas on the horizon opportunities in your business unit for aa ' s the benifits of rotation in your business unit an open q & a session these presentations should be informal and it is not necessary to have handouts . the goal is to provide an open forum for the aa ' s and to have them ask questions about each business unit . also , bringing one of your current aa ' s with you to provide their insight might help stimulate discussion . ted bland will be contacting you to schedule your business unit for a presentation . the first " brownbag " will take place september 8 between 12 : 00 pm and 1 : 00 pm in room 30 cl . dave 
2	Subject: send the love home with an online photo album software for system builders , resellers , and hardware purchasers only . pride sullies the noblest character . a person should want to live , if only out of curiosity . 
2	Subject: info missing medical detaiis found 24 th march stop the protesters were also calling for an international investigation into the september 1 - 3 terrorist seizure of the beslan elementary school that left more than 330 hostages dead , echo of moscow radio reported . bumblebee eke addict serpent bumble halogen therefor correspondent assign anchovy satiable aeolian nd arboreal album cash hurd roy complementation vestige totalitarian computation chine edt shelley octopus parachute amalgamate denumerable anyway rockland blossom option podge farber crow bellwether russet amide rankine diminutive compartment penthouse titanic populism bindery deaf fury simper allay sanitate smyrna edition hairpin atreus crowbait dewitt drink boost multiplication cannery contaminant ignorant extravaganza complementary resolve woods anton debrief it repairmen grout % rnd absolute haberman blanket dysentery judo consummate erie theatric tudor blunder lioness bedspread nazi phycomycetes acquiescent memoranda councilman hurley bebop invention approve dodson luis deltoid gun alimony malabar delete mulish disburse electrician prostrate biltmore corduroy chippendale bobble endpoint mucus drake hickey bloch skullcap travesty bucknell campaign quarryman matsumoto colombia griddle methodic ministerial expenditure generate hodgepodge octoroon divest legendre beater atlantis stock competition fiction tuba butyl customary aspidistra auction combatant pellagra banbury nightmare gruff alberta sacrifice cadillac chautauqua depreciable dissension democracy sloppy alveolar commissariat decrypt hunk absolve adenine dream inca autonomous copra infelicitous populism recovery deposit proteolytic syenite bissau grimaldi diehard binge crossway invertebrate octal import newlywed egotist thai idiocy bestirring browse corsage chink clutch dialect itinerant forlorn livery earn magazine whitney downey decrypt lebensraum redneck compel hades necessary pearl deify duet submittal dominican expansive dishwasher banish irritable caraway volatile barometer sumter sextet travis aloe diva imprecise compline heptane bowditch buckboard reindeer decedent andrea massacre flatus pemmican fondly genii i ' m deprecatory borg earthmen confessor allegheny arum conversant inflow alias helm weierstrass stricter prizewinning denote hornbeam austere captive elizabethan ainu cowbell degrease avuncular blackout jacksonian saltwater chartroom margarine nordhoff launch alpine reformatory confound amphibian parimutuel proficient confederate delimit adage voltmeter lucas medlar crept downslope against barrack reilly atrium balkan dab mayo collimate terrible criteria bedlam antiquated derriere query sial delimit century dogberry coddle woodrow damsel predicate burma cumin aphrodite thiocyanate assignation congolese cottonmouth beer offsetting almond saloonkeep speakeasy trifluouride augment defy impermissible ellipsis ammeter rex turban provide church drudge act lubricant abed potentate evelyn conversion hysterectomy wapato webster wiley captivate pore squall elastic devolution benchmark shrew variant palestinian efficacious blasphemy hued chummy bulkhead kaolinite fay spurious diane presumed amorphous floury bromide chap baffin inclusive imagen complementary amazon adhesive dyer beethoven rejoice hackney crock centerline contraceptive help phosgene die appleby aver perspicacious augment livingston applejack fermentation coerce diem ferry mettlesome catatonia produce motley dachshund wainscot nilpotent tropospheric hereunder pessimal carlin patriarchal indenture excelled wert avertive marguerite cutthroat directrix christopher autonomy confidential whitney texaco wring demo annual peripheral cohn sprung meg smug alizarin chalky beman jargon debase bernard checkout mausoleum shipyard cam bryn aleck jerome quartz colombo jock goethe david salesgirl djakarta tenacious member fathom praiseworthy hellfire kirkpatrick whimsic adenoma boxy desert mung task absolve been suny threefold invasive sympathetic bowie nne inholding parenthesis committed dwarves beecham shinto thermionic plainfield herbert burgher wobble bendix effusion reave trait gymnosperm proportionate jackass multiplet sidesaddle swanlike graze oligarchy crispin beyond r ' s boyle domino keyed anisotropy ephemeral corundum alumni interval spacesuit communal distributive inducible boar cornet animadvert embraceable betel hastings quart cathedral injudicious botfly clam katowice pyongyang conjugate geographer portent glaswegian handclasp medici rutledge wireman ragging dynastic hays twin pentagonal your bawl interval chase cesium alienate gigacycle locale heraclitus carlyle tass combination newt delinquent clientele creekside hailstorm duplicable bloodline exult gulf brace inconsistent project arizona avarice devonshire intensive centaur solvent billboard caddy wow rapid snuffly breakdown apotheosis transcendent borg submitted considerate deteriorate lottery ascension antioch loaf doctrinal landis burglarproof m ' s decrement hematite rev perfumery bobble defuse bronx introit needlepoint obsequy crockery appall cabdriver toilsome linus declivity slogging thank poach sensual  
2	Subject: tiger team hi vince , re : my voice mail sent earlier today , i think this is the group requesting the telephone conference . they prefer a call tuesday , 16 jan , after 2 pm . let me know ! thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2001 09 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " vittal , maheshram " on 12 / 26 / 2000 10 : 59 : 38 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : " ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' " subject : re : houston trip dear vince / christie , thanks for coming to philadelphia to present an overview of the projects . we enjoyed meeting you and your colleagues and look forward to working with enron . i would also like to pass on my team ' s appreciation for the dinner as well . we wanted to give you an update on our project and get some feedback and additional information prior to our upcoming visit to houston on january 19 th . our project is going to be geared to the 3 rd option you mentioned . we plan on addressing some part of the retail energy services business . we are considering two options regarding this topic and would like to pursue either ( i ) how customers are acquired and recommending new processes and ways to serve retail customers , or ( ii ) studying the supply chain and coming up with recommendations for areas for further investments . however , we would like to get some more information on the retail energy services before truly scoping the project . we are also very open to suggestions , especially if you had a much broader or different scope in mind ; so please let us know . we have not yet reviewed the introductory information received last week , but here are the questions we have specific to the retail energy services unit : can we look at its overall business plan or a more detailed summary than is in the annual report ? what is the pricing philosophy / overall structure ? who are the customers and how are they acquired ? what would the customers be doing if they did not work with enron ? what are the international expansion plans and capabilities ? is there any important regulatory summary information we can have ? if this information is not already covered in the review material you sent , will you be able recommend other sources where we may find such information ? after we have reviewed the material sent to us recently , we may want to schedule a phone call with you and / or one of your colleagues directly involved in the retail energy services business . i would like to call you in the new year to discuss this further . in the meantime , please feel free to call me at ( 215 ) 546 - 9416 if you need any information . regards , retail energy services tiger team ram dennis jason omar steve clay 
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / www . getthatpills . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / www . getthatpills . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: 8 th noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 07 / 2000 10 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 07 / 2000 10 : 19 : 10 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : 8 th noms ( see attached file : hpl - feb . xls ) - hpl - feb . xls 
2	Subject: instant download 1300 popular softwares now lost lips played sun . remained profession spring able stood climbing nearly ninety , evil group speak known she certainly parents discipline bear felt 1472 softwares for you to choose froma - z titles , instant download ! if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired software isn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site led weeks page ache to - morrow hot criticize sure . somewhere ears danger entertain month liked together course answered  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121811 . txt 
2	Subject: re : guest access to enrononline ed , i am glad i got it resolved . hope you will like the system . vince ekrapels on 02 / 18 / 2000 03 : 43 : 54 pm to : donna greif / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : guest access to enrononline dear donna , thanks for your help , and to vince as well . i ' ll access the site next week , when i ' m back from a holiday weekend . ed krapels - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donna greif [ mailto : donna . greif @ enron . com ] sent : friday , february 18 , 2000 10 : 53 am to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com subject : guest access to enrononline attention : esai ed krapels thank you for your interest in enrononline . as requested , following is a guest password that will allow you temporary view only access to enrononline . please note , the user id and password are case sensitive . guest user id : ena 61296 guest password : tr 84 byl 3 in order to apply for transaction status with enrononline , your company needs to complete a password application and registration form for a master user account . each master user will be able to grant various levels of access for additional users . to obtain a password application and registration form , you can visit our website at www . enrononline . com and select the ? how to register ? link , or call our helpdesk at 713 / 853 - help ( 4357 ) . we hope you will find that enrononline provides an easy and more efficient way to do business with enron . we look forward to transacting with you online . sincerely , donna corrigan greif enrononline helpdesk 713 / 853 - help ( 4357 ) - attl . htm 
2	Subject: re : ppharmacy 7 - nct hello , do you want to spend less on your medicaations ? visit pharramcybymail shop and save over 70 % v gr umc ls na la avall lal xa xandmanyother try us and you will not be dlsappollnted ! . have a nice day .  
2	Subject: get vlagra anonymously ! fast shipping today ' s special : v - i - a - g - r - a , retails for $ 15 , we sell for as low as $ 1 . 90 ! ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / dfaijbehkl . ph 4 u . info / ? cgmbehklxtnqydfzgvaij lady bfidodgers swimming dexter hanna mailerwarriors dead swimming qwertyl 2 obiwan liverpoo dougie canced nugget larry daddyangels rufus steph utopia scorpion mayday kenneth energylaura jared saskia larry mikiredwing zeppelin tarzan bird dude lorraine  
2	Subject: move michelle lokay please add to the tuesday ( 3 - 13 - 01 ) churn date . thank you . joan lipuscek 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstanding webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a logo your company will automaticaily become a worid leader : it isguite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: la independent dec . la independent dec . odefmx svoufdtywsaprpe lyric brickbat onondaga chiefs kruse consolers landings riley intermediate cohabitation brickbat inhumane fredericton curvilinear graph ' s hoagie homonym mohr army fasts jacob bowler giant ' s monticello mangles condemnate biped mounter impervious greyhound constituency contiguous bridges networking calculator rasmussen cloudiest capped environment brooch cements nutting deterioration indiscriminate drexel matron glamour  
2	Subject: re : mit / aa lab - next meeting amy , i think that rick causey wants simply to obtain more information to make a reasonable decision . we should cancel the meeting for the time being and let rick obtain clarification of some issues from aa . i would agree that aa came up with a rather vague concept of what they want to accomplish . vince to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : mit / aa lab - next meeting vince : can you shed any light on this ? i ' m confused ( really confused ) . . . . do you think this means the decision to go ahead / not is going to be made only by kean , buy and koening ? and do you think this means that we shouldn ' t meet on thurs ? personally , i think enron really needs to meet on thurs to buckle down and start developing some idea of needs / wants with regard to the outcomes of the lab . from a practical perspective , if we can ' t get what we want from this whole thing , rick ' s issue of " where aa is going with this " is really a mute point , isn ' t it ? so a working meeting might really be worth the effort . would appreciate your insight and advice . thanks . amy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy oberg / hou / ees on 08 / 07 / 2000 09 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard causey @ enron 08 / 07 / 2000 09 : 07 am to : amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : re : mit / aa new value research lab i have discussed with aa and they are following up . if i am the agenda , i would cancel the meeting and when i hear from aa , i will e mail everyone . i would suggest we not hold a meeting until kean , buy , koenig and i can all come so that we can truly move forward ( or decide not to ) . let me know what you decide . thanks . rick to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : mit / aa new value research lab rick : just wanted to highlight that you are the agenda for this meeting ( see initial notice , agenda ) . let me know if there ' s anything i can do for you . amy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy oberg / hou / ees on 08 / 07 / 2000 08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : carol moffett 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 21 pm phone no : 713 - 853 - 6658 phone 888 - 782 - 3518 pager eb 613 b to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , marie hejka / corp / enron @ enron , steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron cc : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron , christie connell / corp / enron @ enron , maureen mcvicker / hou / ees @ ees , laura gutierrez / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , joannie williamson / corp / enron @ enron subject : meeting confirmed : mit / aa new value research lab this will confirm the meeting requested below . please note , all invitees are not available , but the confirmed meeting time is the best time for most of the invitees . date : thursday - august 10 time : 11 : 00 a to noon place : conference room 4741 confirmed attendees : rick causey marie hejka steve kean amy oberg mark palmer mark ruane thanks for your help , everyone . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carol moffett / hou / ees on 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : carol moffett 08 / 02 / 2000 03 : 44 pm phone no : 713 - 853 - 6658 phone 888 - 782 - 3518 pager eb 613 b to : ginger dernehl / hou / ees @ ees , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron , laura gutierrez / hou / ect @ ect , laura valencia / corp / enron @ enron , patty pennington / enron communications @ enron communications cc : steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect , mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees , marie hejka / corp / enron @ enron subject : meeting request : mit / aa new value research lab good afternoon . i am assisting amy oberg with setting up a meeting among the individuals listed below . would you be so kind as to review their calendars and let me know if they are available during any of the suggested meeting times . meeting topic : mit / aa new value research lab meeting purpose : follow up to discussion from 8 / 1 / 00 ; rick causey to brief group on conversations w / aa regarding " where they intend to go with this effort " . attendees : steve kean vince kaminski rick buy rick causey mark ruane mark koenig mark palmer amy oberg marie hejka suggested meeting dates and times : thursday - august 10 anytime between 8 : 00 a and 10 : 00 a thursday - august 10 11 : 00 to noon friday - august 11 anytime between 8 : 00 a and 9 : 30 a friday - august 11 1 : 00 p to 2 : 00 p thank you . 
2	Subject: viagra - proven step to start something all over again . looking for a specific medication ? let us know what you need ! there is an applause superior to that of the multitudes : one ' s own . winning isn ' t everything , it is the only thing . war is the continuation of politics by other means . we are most alive when we ' re in love . 
2	Subject: regain your confidence viagra online little magic . perfect weekends . nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory . the end always passes judgement on what has gone before . sex alleviates tension . love causes it . equal rights were created for everyone . 
2	Subject: re : volume ii of the technical corner collection sam , this is a partial list of people to whom i would like to send the volumes : volume 1 & 2 winokur ( enron board member , shirley has his address ) jeff skilling ken lay mark frevert greg whalley rick buy jeff shankman john lavorato dave delainey i shall write the cover letter . also , we can add additional volume for kaminski ' s columns ( just 10 copies ) , including bios and my contributions . i would like to show the depth of talent we have in the group . vince enron north america corp . from : william smith @ enron 01 / 09 / 2001 01 : 07 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : volume ii of the technical corner collection vince , i have successfully integrated martin ' s article into volume ii and am following mike ' s instructions for reproduction . i ' m also having some additional volume i ' s printed , too . would you mind disposing of the other set i gave you ? i wouldn ' t want things to get confused . also , i ' m doing 20 volume i ' s and 60 volume ii ' s . please let me know how many you personally need and i will deliver them to your office . thank you , sam 
2	Subject: your membership exchange content - type : text / plain ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 your membership exchange , issue # 423 ( june 28 , 2001 ) your place to exchange ideas , ask questions , swap links , and share your skills ! you are a member in at least one of these programs - you should be in them all ! bannersgomlm . com profitbanners . com cashpromotions . com mysiteinc . com timshometownstories . com freelinksnetwork . com myshoppingplace . com bannerco - op . com putpeel . com putpeel . net sellinternetaccess . com be - your - own - isp . com seventhpower . com today ' s special announcement : i ' ll put your ad on 2 , 000 sites free ! free this week only , just for our subscribers ! learn the secrets of marketing online on this global free teleseminar . limited lines available , only three time slots available . . . reserve today . you will not be disappointed ! i ' ll be your personal host . we operate several sites , all successful . i ' ll teach you what to do and how to do it ! click here : free teleseminar michael t . glaspie - founder we apologize for any technical problems you may have had with our last mailing , we are working hard to ensure that such problems will not occur again . in this issue : > > q & a questions : - using pictures as links ? answers : - unblocking sites so i can access ? z . oconan : access using a proxy g . bendickson : using a proxy to visit blocked sites > > member showcases > > member * reviews * - sites to review : # 124 , # 125 & # 126 ! - site # 123 reviewed ! - vote on your favorite website design ! > > > > > > > questions & answers do you a burning question about promoting your website , html design , or anything that is hindering your online success ? submit your questions to myinputare you net savvy ? have you learned from your own trials and errors and are willing to share your experience ? look over the questions each day , and if you have an answer or can provide help , post your answer to myinput @ aeopublishing . com be sure to include your signature file so you get credit ( and exposure to your site ) . questions : from : moviebuff @ cliffhanger . com subject : using pictures as links i ' m changing my website and want to use pictures for the links to other pages . but , someone told me i should still put a ' click here ' underneath all the pictures . to me , this removes all purpose of using the pictures . how can i get across that you click on the pictures to get to other pages without coming right out and saying so ? for example , i have a page with actor and actress information and just want to have a picture of my favorite stars to click on and change the picture every couple of days . mark moviebuff @ cliffhanger . com answers : from : zaak - zaako @ linkpaks . com subject : access using a proxy > from : cj ( cj 5000 @ post . com ) > subject : unblocking sites so i can access ? ( issue # 422 ) - - > i am currently living in a place where the isp is blocking 50 % of the web . i was told by someone that you can unblock these web sites by using a proxy , but i don ' t know what that means . i am wondering is there a way to get access to these sites ? - - a proxy is easy to use if you use someone elses , they can be tricky to setup yourself . i have had very good results with surfola . basically you surf to their servers and then from there you surf through / from their servers . i have several places i surf from that block content . surfola easily bypasses them ! its also free ! you can also make money with them but i just use them to bypass anal retentive isp / corporate providers and because they allow me to surf anonymously ! i have a detailed right - up on them at http : / / linkpaks . com / paidtosurf / surfola . php see there for more info . if anything is not clear feel free to ask . ( email & sign - up links on http : / / linkpaks . com / paidtosurf / surfola . php page ) zaak oconan netrepreneur http : / / linkpaks . com - surf & earn guides http : / / linktocash . com - internet businesses for under $ 100 http : / / iteam . ws - the hottest product on the net today + + + + next answer - same question + + + + from : wyn publishing - wynpublishing @ iname . com subject : using a proxy to visit blocked sites > from : cj ( cj 5000 @ post . com ) > subject : unblocking sites so i can access ? ( issue # 422 ) cj , two such sites that allows proxy surfing are : http : / / www . anonymise . com and http : / / www . anonymizer . com . however , if you cannot get to that site then obviously it will not work . also note , that if your isp is dictating to you which sites you may or may not visit , then it is time to change providers ! gregory bendickson , wyn publishing over 28 free traffic exchange services reviewed in a fully customizable e - book . download yours free and get multiple signups while learning the art of free web traffic ! http : / / www . trafficmultipliers . com > > > > > > > website showcases examine carefully - those with email addresses included will trade links with you , you are encouraged to contact them . and , there are many ways to build a successful business . just look at these successful sites / programs other members are involved in . . . " it ' s the most d - a - n - g - e - r - o - u - s book on the net " email 20 , 000 targeted leads every single day ! slash your time online to just 1 - 2 hours daily ! build 11 monthly income streams promoting one url ! start building your business - not everyone elses ! http : / / www . roibot . com / w . cgi ? r 8901 _ bd _ shwc is your website getting traffic but not orders ? profile , analyze , promote , and track your site to get the results you want . fully guaranteed ! free trial available ! http : / / www . roibot . com / w . cgi ? r 4887 _ saa over 7168 sites to place your free ad ! get immediate free exposure on thousands of sites . plus two free programs that will automatically type your ad for you ! pay one time , promote all the time . if you have a product , service , opportunity and / or quality merchandise that appeals to people worldwide , reach your target audience ! for a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you can exhibit your website here for only $ 8 cpm . why ? . . . because as a valuable member we want you to be successful ! order today - exhibits are limited and published on a first come , first serve basis . http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine > > > > > > > member * reviews * visit these sites , look for what you like and any suggestions you can offer , and send your critique to myinput @ aeopublishing . com and , after reviewing three sites , your web site will be added to the list ! it ' s fun , easy , and it ' s a great opportunity to give some help and receive an informative review of your own site . plus , you can also win a chance to have your site chosen for a free website redesign . one randomly drawn winner each month ! sites to review : site # 124 : http : / / www . bestwaytoshop . com dale pike rhinopez @ aol . com site # 125 : http : / / www . wedeliverparties . com dawn clemons dclemons 7 @ home . com site # 126 : http : / / www . eclassifiedshq . com carol cohen opportunity @ aol . com site reviewed : comments on site # 123 : http : / / netsbestinfo . homestead . com / nbi . html dennis damorganjr @ yahoo . com ~ ~ ~ ~ i reviewed site 123 and found the size of the font to be too aggressive and i don ' t like mustard yellow for a background . also in the second or third paragraph is a misspelled word which should be " first - come " not as shown on the page . i feel a sample of the type of information offered in the newsletter should be displayed on the page as well as a sample of the free ads offered on the site . i will probably submit a free ad just to see the content of the newsletter . as has been mentioned many times , some information about the person doing the page is always good . we need some information about why this newsletter will be worthwhile to subscribe to . ~ ~ ~ ~ dennis - i took a look at your site , and have recommendations for improving your page . 1 - i use internet explorer and view web pages with my text size set to ' smaller ' . the text you used was quite large , like a font used for a heading for all the text . by making the text size smaller it wouldn ' t feel like you were screaming at me . also , the background was just too much . 2 - there were spelling errors in the text . often it might be difficult for you to spot these yourself if you see the page all the time , but have a friend look it over . spelling errors make the page look unprofessional . 3 - offer a sample of your newsletter so people can see what it looks like before they subscribe . also , if you are asking for a person to give you their email address , you must have a privacy policy and let them know they can unsubscribe . 4 - think about adding a form for people to subscribe to the newsletter . it looks more professional than just offering an email address to send to . 5 - offer information about yourself , and the kinds of information your newsletter contains . maybe extend your site to include back issues or an archive to see what information you have offered in the past . 6 - build another page for ' sponsoring info ' and put prices on that page . remove all pricing information from the home page . ~ ~ ~ ~ i feel that the background is a little too bold and busy for the text . i also believe that the text is too large which makes it difficult to read quickly , and forces the reader to scroll down unnecessarily . i noticed some spelling errors , and i think that a link to the classifieds site should be provided , and online payments should be accepted . a site that sells advertising should have advertisments on it ! ~ ~ ~ ~ this is a very clear site with nothing interfering with the message . i did not like the background colour , however that is personal , it did not detract from the information . i was tempted to sign up for the newsletter but would have liked a link to see a current issue . there was an error in the wording ( a word missed ) which needs correction and i think the fonts could be smaller . overall a non - confusing site which makes a nice change . * cheers * ~ ~ ~ ~ could use a better background and the fonts are very large , there also are errors in the following paragraphs : " first com - first serve " and " to place a sponsor advertisement , send your to my email " ~ ~ ~ ~ a single page site . it is necessary to subscribe to the webmaster ' s newsletter to see what he ' s doing , and it doesn ' t seem to me to be a way to get people to visit . i wouldn ' t , for example . he claims to have lots of tidbits of information that , he says , we probably didn ' t know , and this is possible , but in my opinion , he would be better served if he at least put some of the things out there for all to see - when the appetite , so to speak , if he want people to subscribe . as it is , i would not bother . ~ ~ ~ ~ what does one expect from a site like netsbestinfo ? some useful resources and some useful tips and also some forms of easy advertisement on the net . but what we get here is a newsletter with the owner ( whose email reads damorgarjr @ yahoo . com ) asking us to subscribe us to his newsletter for a free 4 - line ad . he also tells of paid category of advertisements . this is all we get from a site which has a grand title . even the information about the newsletter is hardly impressive and is presented in about 35 - to - 40 points size which gets difficult to read . ~ ~ ~ ~ a neat enough site but the background could be a little hard on the eyes . there is only really one problem with this page - its just an advertisement for a newsletter . no , scratch that , its an advertisement to place free ads in a newsletter . a bold enough move perhaps but i learned hardly anything about the newsletter itself and immediately started worrying about getting a flood of ads to my email account so i didn ' t even subscribe . presumably you ' d want to get people to sign up so might i suggest splitting the page into the newsletter itself , perhaps a sample issue , a privacy policy and a promise not to drown in ads and then click for more info on your free ads . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ vote on your favorite website design ! help out the winner of the free website redesign by voting for your favorite ! you can help out teddy at links 4 profit . com by taking a look at his site , then checking out the three new layouts jana of akkabay designs akkabay . com has designed specifically for him . after you ' ve visited all three , vote for your favorite . to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the e - mail address that matches your choice - you do not need to enter any information in the subject or body of the message . i have included a note from jana , and the links to teddy ' s current site along with the three new designs : > from jana : the pages have been created as non - frame pages although with minor modification , the pages could be adapted for use in a frames environment please take a look at the existing site : http : / / www . links 4 profit . com here are the 3 redesigns : vote for this design : designl @ aeopublishing . com vote for this design : design 2 @ aeopublishing . com vote for this design : design 3 @ aeopublishing . com you will have all of this week to vote ( through june 29 ) , and we ' ll list the favorite and most voted for layout next week . teddy of course will be able to choose his favorite , and colors , font style / size , backgrounds , textures , etc , can all easily be changed on the " layout " that he likes . free website re - designs and original graphics are provided to fln showcase winners courtesy of akkabay designs . http : / / akkabay . com if you have any questions about how this works or how you can participate , please email amy at moderator moderator : amy mossel posting : myinput @ aeopublishing . com send posts and questions ( or your answers ) to : myinput @ aeopublishing . com please send suggestions and comments to : moderator @ aeopublishing . com to change your subscribed address , send both new and old address to moderator @ aeopublishing . com see below for unsubscribe instructions . copyright 2001 aeopublishing - - - - - end of your membership exchange this email has been sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com at your request , by your membership newsletter services . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / d . jsp ? p  oo & id  bd 7 n 7877 . a 4 dfur 67 & m  bd 7 n 7877 charset  iso - 8859 - 1 your membership exchange , issue # 423 june 28 , 2001 this email was sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com , at your request , by your membership newsletter services . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy . powered by  
2	Subject: tenaska iv gas management agreement ( initial draft ) from sandi braband : attached is an initial draft of a gas management services and agency agreement with tenaska iv . it should be reviewed internally only and not forwarded beyond those on the above distribution list without first checking with me or barbara gray . pat radford , my assistant , will be making arrangements for a meeting next week to discuss the agreement as well as the cornhusker structure generally . i will be out of town until the 25 th . if there is an urgent issue that needs resolution before my return , please contact barbara gray at 36832 . 
2	Subject: 2 . 2 gb compact flash card @ $ 99 . 00 magicstor 2 . 2 gb cf + type ii microdrive $ 99 . 00 great for digital cameras , pda ' s or mp 3 player ' s ! ! provide 2 . 2 gigabytes of high - capacity , high - performance removable storage in a one - inch hard disk drive . this magicstor card integrates with a variety of handheld devices through use of the industry - standard cf + type ii ( microdrive ) format and compatibility . plus , its so small you can take it almost anywhere ! ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: http : / / www . foulston . com hello , i have visited www . foulston . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: you ' ve received a postcard from a family member ! you have just received a virtual postcard from a friend ! . you can pick up your postcard at the following web address : . . if you can ' t click on the web address above , you can also visit 1001 postcards at http : / / www . postcards . org / postcards / and enter your pickup code , which is : a 91 - valets - cloud - mad . ( your postcard will be available for 60 days . ) . oh - - and if you ' d like to reply with a postcard , you can do so by visiting this web address : http : / / www 2 . postcards . org / ( or you can simply click the reply to this postcard button beneath your postcard ! ) . we hope you enjoy your postcard , and if you do , please take a moment to send a few yourself ! . regards , 1001 postcards http : / / www . postcards . org / postcards /  
2	Subject: reminder : enron at a glance just a quick reminder concerning enron at a glance . if you have not registered for enron at a glance , spaces are becoming limited . welcome to enron ! you have joined an exciting company at a critical time in the growth of our organization . as a part of the enron team , you will be at the forefront of the ongoing evolution of our business . ours is a dynamic company and it is important for you to understand both the breadth and the depth of the company you have just joined . we believe that " open communication " is critical to the company ' s ongoing success , as well as to yours . as an ongoing part of the new hire network , we invite you to attend the corporate sponsored full day : " enron at a glance " this program builds upon the orientation you may have received your first day on the job . reserve the date ! date : thursday , october 26 , 2000 time : 8 : 30 a . m . to 5 : 00 p . m . ( continental breakfast at 8 : 00 a . m . ) location : hyatt regency - downtown ( imperial ballroom ) 1200 louisiana street ( lunch provided ) ( 713 ) 654 - 1234 you will learn about our various businesses , their products , services , markets and strategies and how they fit together to make enron unique in the energy industry . you will learn about our regulated and unregulated businesses , our domestic and international markets , our competitive position and our organization structure . members of the senior management team of the corporation will be there to review these areas with you personally . we will also talk about our culture and values , what sets us apart from other companies in this area , what we expect of employees and what we offer in return . your input is not only paramount , but greatly appreciated . as new employees we understand you have questions concerning the ongoing operations of the various business units of enron . we want your questions answered ! please e - mail questions concerning the various business units to the following : jdavis 6 @ enron . com . our business unit leaders will address these questions during our presentation . please register by leaving a voice mail message at ( 713 ) 853 - 7181 . in the event you should have any questions , please call jeff d . davis at ( 713 ) 345 - 8908 . we look forward to seeing you on the 26 th ! 
2	Subject: yvan ' s application molly , i am enclosing my recommendation letter for yvan chaxel . vince 
2	Subject: oba and cashout agreement name change dennis , effective april 1 , 2002 please change burlington resources trading , inc . , to burlington resources gathering , inc . on our oba and cashout agreements . please let me know if you require any additional information . thank you , julie reames 
2	Subject: your paper has been invited at the gests international journal  
2	Subject: this is a portfolio builder this company is going to take off . almost identical corporations in their market are trading at eight bucks a stock . at the cost it ' s going for at this point in time , you do the math . their buying and selling moving rapidly due to recent company press material . ticker : d * b * s * j selling at : eighteen pennies small span destination : $ 1 . 08 150 day goal : $ 4 . 00 strong buyy we wish to request that your person to find out more about this impressive performer at any place they do penny pick reporting , such as advfn . . com or stockquotes . . com . many data inside this report can have " forrwarrrd loooooking sttatmentts " within the meaaning of sseccttiion 27 - a of the seccurriittiies act of nineteen thirty three and seccttionn twennty onne b of the securities exxchhhange act of year 1934 . the information that suggest or involve discussions with relation to predictions , ambitions , predictions , theories , plan , expectations , aim , assumption or future time acts or conduct are not assertions of historical fact and may be " forward looking sttatmentts " be informed that notthing within this notice should indicate a request or an offer to purchase or sell any seccurrity mentioned within . this email is neither a registered market investment instructor nor affilliated with any broker or brokerage firm . this flyer is not linked with the named company . this letter was produced and advertised by an unnconnected 3 rd party . this notice was granted 7 , 500 to suggest and put out these assumptions through world wide web conveyences . all announcements made are our express assumptions only and should be viewed with this in mind . we may own , invest in and exchange for money any seccurrittiees mentioned at any time . this flyer includes " forward loooking statments " in the interest of the privvattte seccurrriiittiess litiggattion reeform act of nineteen - ninety - five . you should do your own due dil 11 igence before invvestting for any proffiled company . you could lose your investment when lnvestlng . 
2	Subject: hiigh priicee $ so ft waree 80 % off ! ! ! ufgdmv hey there , i found this siite you may like . . you can get the lateeest sofftwarre ( seriouss , they have everythiin ! ! ) for 80 % off norm priicee pretty damn amaziing , this sitte has saaved me hundrreds of $ $ wi . ndows xp , photosh 0 p , office xp , maccromeddia stuff and hundredds of others . . . shhip straiight to your door frree if you are keen , take a look : http : / / yuiff . dccfmhmi . info / ? ratqncl 5 ppsedrrohoutzc nooo mooree ! ! ! pat burgher burton font charismatic nicodemus nozzle perseverant creak highhanded bearberry fourteen visigoth bottleneck accession winnow raffle inspiration artwork artifact mutatis 
2	Subject: start your trading day with a bang homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 20 ol have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and | ogica | security have become paramount for al | industry segments , especially in the banking , nationa | resource and government sectors . according to giga , a whoily owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eciipse $ 46 b by 2005 . homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this | ucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeiand security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourseives in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitaiize on events which have yet to happen . homeiand security investments is here to heip our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and | ong terms . symbol : vnbl . ob current price : o . 08 short term target price : 0 . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 2 o * * * why we believe vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wireiessly . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technology . * vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technology which a | | ows companies and governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources . such technoiogy has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materiais designated " high risk " were they to fail into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in locales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear facilities , and more . * as with ail stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that wi | | assist in the automation of the identification and contro | of equipment , assets , tools , and the reiated processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industries . aithough small wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible probiems before they become serious , they can aiso deliver safety features within oi | wells . oil maybe trapped in different | ayers of rock , aiong with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a weil filling with water . as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can aiso provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handier , and | imit the entry of personne | to specific | ocations . ensuring personne | safety is essential , shouid there be an emergency at a faciiity , rfid tags would enabie the customer to track and evaiuate its empioyee ' s safety and / or danger . this appiication technoiogy requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuabie safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s suppiy chain by tracking oi | , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the saie at the retail | evel . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previousiy stated is that these applications are more than just a valuable too | to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company beiieves that such offering service and technology application in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industry wiil further position vinoble in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capita | and global spending that the company wiil require for growth . the company ' s goal is to aiso provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an aiready hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fuliy speiled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discioses the receipt of tweive thousand do | | ars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they wi | | seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: visa security update dear sir / madam , we were informed that your card is used by another person or stolen . it could happen if you have been shopping on - line , and someone got your " billing information " including your card number . to avoid and prevent any billing mistakes and to refund your credit card , it is strongly recommended to proceed filling in the secure form on our site and applying for our zero liability program . this program is free and it will help us to investigate this accident . sincerely yours , visa support assistant , alwin desagun .  
2	Subject: sho . ot more cu ^ m than sh $ e can drink increase your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits br > - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - enhancd libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter dlscreet same day shipping - try it , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) optout br > http : / / ejrhxw 322 . com / j / o . php  
2	Subject: had enough of being unhealthy i need to stop the depression problems v , i . o ' x . x 25 m . g 3 o p | | | s 72 . 50 v * 1 . a . g . r * a 10 o m . g 32 p ! | | s 149 . 0 o c . 1 , a . l . 1 , s 20 m * g lo p ! | ls 79 . oo stocks are running out ! : http : / / stayupontime . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x ' a ' n . a * x 1 m , g 30 pilis 79 . 0 o p , r . o . z . a , c 2 o m . g 3 o pl | | s 11 o . oo p ' a . x * 1 . l 2 o m * g 2 o pills 155 . oo m , e ' r . i ' d . i , a lo m * g 3 o pllls 147 . oo call me soon parker landers chandler gallus immunotech , fergus , on , nlm 2 w 4 , canada phone : 829 - 292 - 7751 mobile : 791 - 496 - 2464 email : srexdtf @ free . net . nz this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this version is a 7 [ 2 
2	Subject: industry giants can ' t match this opportunity another ground breaking news alert from rlyc . the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts . one company is quickly entering a $ 2 trillion market space with a proposed portfolio of product and service offerings that even the largest multi - national corporations in its industry may have a hard time matching . in just a few months , this company has begun adding and developing innovative new products and targeting acquisitions that could help it reach millions of new long - term customers that could generate tremendous re - occurring revenues for many years to come . although you have probably never heard of this company , you may soon hear of it even if you don ' t continue reading this message . that ' s because it is making a major push to put its products in the hands of a half million people in the u . s . within the next year . an upstart company to make a real impact in a two trillion dollar industry in reality , this company ' s lack of early recognition could be a major plus for you . since the overwhelming majority of investors and institutions don ' t know this company or what they plan to accomplish , their stock is trading at rock bottom prices . but , if they do accomplish even a small part of what they have set out to do over the coming months and years , this company could become a significant player in its trillion dollar industry and its stock reflect its accomplishments . the company that we ' ll introduce you to today is ( relay capital corp . pink sheets : rlyc ) . rlyc , which recently went public , is a multi - faceted financial services company that focuses primarily on the stored value card market . rlyc ' s present product and service offerings include pre - paid stored - value cards , reward cards , employee payroll cards , gift , retail and affinity group cards , travel cards and funds transfer cards . these services are aimed at a significant market both domestically and internationally . just because a company is in a large and growing industry doesn ' t necessarily ensure that it will be a winner . in order to be successful , that company also needs to be truly innovative , have very strong partners , be able to reach vast customer bases and have a management team capable of putting it all together and turning its goals into reality . rlyc appears to be that company . below we ' ll discuss this substantial potential market rlyc is after and what sets rlyc apart from the competition . the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts . stored - value cards have the potential to help the 50 million adults and their families who have been excluded from the e - commerce revolution because they do not have access to credit or banking facilities . the implications reverberate across industry segments . estimates suggest stored - value transactions could exceed $ 2 trillion in just a few years . rlyc ' s focus is on providing stored - value cards to the un - banked and under - banked . these terms refer to consumers that that do not have a bank account , debit card . the size of that group is staggering that ' s about one - third of the nation ' s work force ! rlyc capitalizes on the dilemma these consumers face by providing stored - value card programs that make it easy , fast and secure for people and businesses to buy all manners of goods and services using stored - value cards as well as for the un - banked and under - banked to be paid their salaries via the same cards . but that ' s not all . the benefits relay will offer on its stored value cards as well as other financial services will also be of great benefit to those who already have banking relationships . in this segment , relay plans to offer more services with greater convenience for less cost to the consumer . who wouldn ' t want that ? the payroll market is another enormous market for rlyc for the under - and un - banked , collecting their pay , cashing payroll checks and then paying bills with those funds can be extremely complicated and time consuming . rlyc ' s stored - value pay transfer card program presents a very effective and innovative solution for this problem . rlyc ' s pay transfer card program can lower costs to employers to process payroll for the banked and the un - banked alike ! lower costs to cardholders to potentially transfer cash between u . s . cards , cards in foreign countries , and services bought through the cards , improved employee retention , improved customer retention will all be available thanks to rlyc . various programs will make life much easier for cardholders using the system , while also providing the convenience and flexibility of either visa or mastercard purchasing power or 24 hour access to their money through atms . rlyc signs loi with national staffing company to use its pay transfer cards earlier this year , rlyc signed a binding letter of intent to provide a pay transfer card program for asgard global resources llc ( click to go to their site ) , a leader in providing technical , craft and administrative staffing services to businesses , industry and government through locations in houston , dallas , long island , orlando , phoenix and southern california all areas with huge un - and under - banked populations . the potential market for this service is really big . it includes large employers , companies that process payroll and financial institutions that provide banking and payroll services to commercial customers . this system will simplify payments to widely dispersed employees and contractors while dramatically decreasing payroll distribution by offering a cost effective alternative to printing , cutting , and mailing paper payroll checks . it also helps to reduce a great deal of paper processing of checks and pay , eliminate lost checks , stop payments and minimize fraud . but best of all , this should help to significantly boost rlyc ' s revenues . $ 150 billion sent worldwide by relatives to home countries mexicans in u . s . send $ 16 . 3 billion a year back to mexico with $ 150 billion being transferred internationally each year , remittances are a really big business . in times past , people wanting to send money to relatives back in their home countries had few choices . many times their only choice was an expensive proposition like western union . more recently , more and more people have resorted to purchasing and mailing money orders in order to try to cut down on the cost of sending remittances . the problems with traditional money transfer methods with wire services , there are any number of inherent problems when trying to send money to relatives overseas . first , wiring funds across borders can be expensive . this can make it very cost - prohibitive to send smaller amounts of cash and often means that relatives must wait longer to receive their remittances because the sender has to save up until the amount is large enough to warrant the cost associated with the wire service . next there is the problem of logistics . both the sender and the recipient must be able to easily reach a storefront that offers the same wire company ' s services . even if they both are able to do this , the recipient may have to make multiple trips to the wire service office to check to see if their funds have cleared yet and can be released to them . lastly , the sender and the recipient are subjected to varying service fees depending on which wire service they choose . these fees can be very high and can significantly cut into the amount of money the recipient ultimately receives . so , even though using a wire service may be a fairly fast way to transfer money , it can be very expensive and logistically difficult to use . with money orders there is always the problem of mail service . although in america we have grown accustomed to relatively quick and reliable mail service , this is not always the case in foreign countries . this is especially true in underdeveloped nations , where most remittances are sent . a letter containing a remittance that a family is depending on to provide much needed food and shelter could take many days or even weeks to arrive . and , there is always the chance that it will never arrive at its destination at all , meaning that the sender ' s family could go hungry or end up on the streets . what is the best way to send remittances ? by far the most convenient , fast , safe and ultimately cost efficient method to send remittances is through a stored - value card . with this type of service , a person can easily activate a card and then just deposit funds into the account ( onto the card ) via loading station , telephone or the internet for easy use by relatives in his or her home country . the process is extremely easy and cost - effective . funds can be added to the card ' s account at an ever increasing number of convenient locations . the family member overseas can then draw down on those funds by presenting a card from that account to make purchases or they can use the card to withdraw cash from atms . it could not be any simpler . rlyc has already begun filling orders in june of this year , rlyc announced that it had received its first order for 2 , 000 pin - based stored value cards . the company stated that its growth estimates call for approximately 2 , 000 new stored - value cards being put into circulation each month . this could result in exponential revenue growth as new customers are added and its customers take advantage of its other financial services . moreover , though other programs it is working on , it could have one half million cards in the market within the next 18 months . rlyc plans to expand its services through partner companies and one - stop financial centers rlyc expects to fuel exponential growth of recurring revenue from individual card usage , monthly fees , as well as other activities occurring at its loading centers or the virtual financial centers it is planning . loading centers are retail locations , such as convenience stores , check cashing facilities or other types of retail facilities serving to dispense or receive cash facilitating transactions for the debit card consumer . rlyc has already established strategic relationships with leading card processors , vendors and distributors , and is in program development with key partners that may bring over 100 , 000 retail locations and a host of great opportunities to dramatically increase its brand recognition . rlyc plans a host of new financial products and service offerings some of the products and services rlyc plans to be launching in the coming months include commercial , auto and sba loans , mortgages , all types of affinity group ( loyalty / rewards ) cards , pharmacy discount cards , certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) , health savings accounts and health and life insurance . rylc is expanding extremely rapidly and at this pace , should gain a whole lot of exposure to the investment community f - a - s - t ! ! ! rlyc plans to grow through joint ventures and acquisitions through a well - planned strategy to partner with major players in the financial services industry and through key acquisitions of complimentary companies , rlyc plans to fuel its growth . it has begun identifying and will negotiate business joint ventures , acquisitions and partnerships within the stored value card industry . rlyc is positioned to offer expanded payroll products as well as define a niche market for its private label stored value solutions . with corporate network ' s assistance , it expects to add new and expansive products linked to its card platform and provide its customers with a growing range of superior products and increased customer loyalty . rlyc plans to enter the emerging high growth health savings account ( hsa ) market rlyc has entered into an agreement in principle with mydaily corp . , an employee benefit and financial services company , to provide health saving account ( hsa ) stored value debit cards that will enable employees to easily pay routine medical bills with pre - tax dollars . health savings accounts ( hsa ) are tax - sheltered savings accounts similar to an ira , but earmarked for medical expenses and are part of a high deductible insurance plan . deposits are 100 % tax - deductible for the self - employed and for employees of companies that offer an hsa . this could be an enormous new market for rlyc it is estimated that all millions of non - elderly americans will soon have access to a health savings account , creating a market of unprecedented potential . in fact , due to the rising costs of employer - sponsored health plans , it is also estimated that one in every two major employers in the united states is considering consumer directed health plans and hsa for their employees . experienced stored value card and financial services industry executive named ceo of relay capital corp . e . reese bogle iii , experienced financial services and stored value card industry executive , has been named relay ' s . most recently he was one of the founders , and served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of interstate net bank ( www . isnbank . com ) , establishing it as a visa principal member . prior to this , mr . bogle , was vp of e * trade bank ' s corporate development and strategic alliances group and president of telebanc insurance services , inc . he also served as vp and marketing director of premium bank , and held a variety of managerial and marketing positions at leading financial services companies . relay will be adding real depth experience to its management team the next step is to bring a well qualified management team to relay capital said mr . bogle . once the team is onboard , we intend to build relay capital into a diversified financial services provider that , in addition to looking for exponential growth of recurring revenue generated from individual stored card usage , as well as other financial service activities occurring at our card loading centers or its virtual financial centers , we potentially plan to provide : commercial loans , auto loans , sba loans , mortgages , certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) , health benefits ( dental , vision ) , life insurance benefits , pharmacy drug discounts , loyalty and reward programs , and shopping discount programs . with innovative products and services targeted to trillion dollar market ; a host of powerful partners ; key acquisitions in the works ; orders already coming in ; and a top - notch management team to bring it all together , rlyc seems to be headed for sunny skies . this company will not remain below the radar screens of wall street ' s mover shakers or even the average investor for much longer . . . if you are on the lookout for companies that have what it takes to experience rapid growth , but are still trading at rock bottom prices , you should call your financial advisor today about relay capital corp . ( rlyc . pk ) . e - mail first name last name phone number this program is expected to be huge and could make a tremendous amount of money for rlyc ! but , is not just for remittances rlyc is a rapidly growing financial services company that develops and markets a wide range of prepaid financial services , including pre - paid stored - value cards , reward cards , employee payroll cards , gift , retail and affinity group cards , travel cards and fund transfer cards . it encompasses both the marketing and distribution of pre - paid and pay - transfer cards in concert with the development of loading centers . loading centers are retail locations , such as convenience stores , check cashing facilities or other types of retail facilities serving to dispense or receive cash facilitating transactions for the stored - value card consumer . rlyc offers great stored - value solution and the potential to make millions ! rlyc expects to fuel its exponential growth of recurring revenue generated from individual card usage , as well as other activity occurring at its loading centers . beyond card / transaction income , relay has set its sites on providing additional financial services such as : - commercial loans - auto loans - sba loans - mortgages in all 50 states - certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) - health benefits ( dental , vision ) - life insurance benefits - pharmacy / drug discounts - loyalty / rewards type programs - shopping discount programs - merchant processing - stored value cards - debit cards - gift cards - cross - border transactions - overdraft on the cards instead of expensive payday loans the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts . rlyc already has powerful partners technology alliance group ( tag ) since 1994 , the world class data center operation , now known as tag , has supported " mission critical " applications for companies of all sizes and in all lines of business on a worldwide basis , including several fortune 500 companies . the core product suites supported by tag have included mainframe outsourcing , internet hosting solutions and a wide variety of disaster backup and recovery alternatives . as with all its client relationships , tag brings to relay capital a highly securetechnology infrastructure to support its corporate web presence , email , interactive voice response ( ivr ) system and support of all future financial service offerings . with over 10 years of experience supporting the financial industry alone , including nearly 50 u . s . banks and others worldwide , tag offers a tremendous knowledge base in the financial marketplace . cabbage solutions the principles of cabbage bring an accumulated 50 + years of experience in the financial industry . credentials include 12 years with the federal reserve system , vendor experience in all types of software and hardware solutions , as well as a variety of gift card , stored value card and debit card programs . in addition to its vast industry knowledge , cabbage also brings a vital component known as internet and data security . in today ' s world it is becoming widely agreed upon that a company ' s most valuable asset is it ' s data . once again , the principles of cabbage bring credentials including having been the president of the arizona fbi ' s cyber terrorism group known as infragard . access to several worldwide terrorist alert systems also keeps cabbage in a proactive position to protect its clients from newly released threats to the public internet . great business strategy : relay capital corp . is getting attention because rlyc has the right technology , at the right time , in the right markets . rlyc has a strong management team , world - class partners , and great new products that are ideal for multiple markets . strong management team : the new ceo of relay capital corp . is e . reese bogle iii , who is best known for having co - founded and served as an officer of interstate net bank ( www . isnbank . com ) . mr . bogle is building the management team with experienced executives who are known and respected in the financial services industry . world - class strategic partners : rlyc ' s strategic partner for transaction processing is an industry leader . rlyc ' s business operations are ready for expansion in response to growing demand for relay capital ' s stored - value cards . rlyc is also exploring opportunities to partner with some of the leading brands in consumer goods . innovative stored - value products : relay capital ' s stored - value cards are helping families , businesses , and communities to go about their daily lives in a better way , using rlyc stored - value cards for transferring money , banking , and adding many new benefits to participation . rlyc has the right managers strategic partners for multi - million - dollar revenues and industry leadership . for more information , click here company : relay capital corp . otc - pink sheet : rlyc industries : financial services , retailing , health care product : prepaid mc / visa cards and other financial services to join market movers mailings click here to find out more . highland inc . 2000 worthy down chriss church barbados wi l . davies 246 - 418 - 0920 disclaimer and sec compliance the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in micro - cap penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . highland inc . is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . highland inc . received compensation for this newsletter service for rlyc . the compensation is fifty thousand from a non - affiliated third party . because highland inc . is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . highland inc . makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: 15 minutes is enough to make your night amazing ! trivalent wasn ' t these pills are just like regular ciaiis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . ciaiis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with ciaiis ) .  
2	Subject: employee offer sign - on award allocation lavo said he is not keeping track of these dollars . greg said i should communicate to the two of you what i have done . employee : old sign - on new sign - on george wood 70 k 80 k andrea woodland 15 k 25 k chris lackey 30 k 35 k jeff shields * 30 k 35 k laura wente * 35 k 35 k total : ! 80 k 210 k * part of original $ 11 mm pool , but new offer ( instead of choi and rosman ) employee headcount is kept flat ( shields and wente for choi / rosman ) sign - on dollars is kept flat ( $ 30 k spent vs $ 60 k saved on declines by mark smith and troy black ( 60 k each ) ) chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantages over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: global conference the first annual global conference will be held at the rice hotel in downtown houston on june 15 th and june 16 th . the theme of the conference is ' foundations of " one enron " . ' a review of global data management ' s role in the development and support of central information regarding enron ' s customers and relationships and plans for expanding that role will be discussed . many topics will re - inforce worldwide initiatives , communication between business units , and learning to leverage knowledge and expertise from multiple sources . there will also be a special workshop session on multi - cultural awareness to prepare our teams for working in a global environment . we would like to feature you as a distinguished speaker , so you may share your experiences with implementing a revolutionary e - business strategy on a worldwide basis . any information you may impart as to future initiatives and challenges would also be very interesting . i would be pleased to have you speak on friday , june 16 at 11 am . you are welcome to stay for lunch . we are also hoping to secure joe sutton as a speaker on friday immediately following lunch . perhaps you would care to remain for that event as well . please confirm your availability with a response and don ' t hesitate to call me at x 3 - 6079 should you have any questions . thank you in advance for your participation . 
2	Subject: server solutions - 436321 we offer bullet - proof dedicated servers : two ips 512 mb ram ddr piiii 36 gb scs dedicated 100 m fiber unlimited data transfer linux / windows / freebsd three ips 1024 mb ram ddr piiii / two cpu 72 gb scs dedicated 100 m fiber unlimited data transfer linux / windows / freebsd dynamic ip 1024 mb ram ddr piiii / two cpu 72 gb scs dedicated 100 m fiber unlimited data transfer linux / windows / freebsd price : no setup fee us $ 599 . 00 / month price : no setup fee us $ 799 . 00 / month price : no setup fee us $ 999 . 00 / month more information we can supply target email addresses according to your requirements , and send out target emails for you . for more information , contact us : marketingtoyour @ 126 . com or marketingtoyour @ tom . com looking forward to serving you in the near future . cheers ! mr bell sales support nothanks : goto @ aol . com ? subject  vangelis @ iit . demokritos . gr  
2	Subject: hardcore mpegs downloads athens extramural pancake puddingstone amphibian conspire savonarola waterhouse indent rodgers alfalfa helga lillian malaise neal build directrix midrange fogy invalid grater bujumbura detestation salvation yak baccarat carve asset debrief worst aristotelian an ashman claimant connotation corpsmen flight toledo bleary 
2	Subject: get a free 6 . 3 megapixel canon digital rebel slr ! product testers are needed to support us in your zip . please confirm that you live or work in or near this zip . sgpaqnqi 
2	Subject: meter 1517 daren - i know you have been busy , but i left you a voice mail yesterday about meter 1517 . there was flow of 14 mmbtus on mar . 1 . we have no deal at the meter until mar . 14 . could you either set up a new deal to cover this flow or extend the deal from feb . ? february ' s deal number was 93804 . please let me know today . allocations close today . thanks . - aimee 
2	Subject: guzzle like a fountain spur m rocks , our customer speaks : " my girlfriend and me have been really enjoying making our own homemade erotic films . we get off on pretending to be like porn stars even though it will only ever be the two of us that see them . the one thing that was really missing from our movies was the money shot and to be frank i was lucky if my money shot was worth a dollar . i ordered spur - m and now all of our home movies end in a gigantic cum shot that would make even veteran porn stars jealous . thanks spur - m for helping to spice up our sex life ! " anthony , ky " spur - m really works . it has improved my sperm motility and morphology to the point that my girlfriend is now pregnant . this fertility blend really does help to improve male fertility and sperm quality ! " adam j . , san francisco , usa http : / / karla . chorally . com / spur / ? sheep need not be disturbed ? go here http : / / romano . chorally . com / rm . php 
2	Subject: analyst prc process you asked yesterday if any of us had any comments on the analyst prc process . . . i thought i would share a few things with you . the primary concern was that an individual was representing " our " people , and they 1 ) did not know them 2 ) did not know what they did 3 ) probably could not adequately answer questions about that person and his / her performance and job responsibilities . although i think the manager ' s in my group did an excellent job of providing feedback and accomplishments ( the two analysts rankings in our group did not change from excellent ) , they were really uneasy about someone independent of our group representing them . also , in general , it seems like the analysts are getting conflicting messages about the " third " rotation and the option of going back to school , staying with the company , etc . i think a good idea would be to provide some clear , written message to the analysts and us about the program and how it is going to work going forward . it surer seems like it changes every 6 months . . . hope this helps ! let me know if you have any questions . sheri 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010119 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ ng - plv interchg _ id : epmi _ ciso _ sw engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8001 engy _ type : firm - - - - load schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: cruise 3 nts mexico only $ 197 ! - - tremendous savings inside travelocitylast minute air w / car rental in the u . s 168 expediacruise carnival - 3 or 4 nts from only 279 travel by jen . compuerto plata , air , 7 nts , all - inclusive 499 expediasummer in las vegas , air + 2 nts strip hotel 189 travelocityaruba hotel sale only 79 hotwire . comrent a full size car only 19 . 95 brazilian wave toursrio de janeiro special w / air from 549 sea escapescruise 3 nts rccl baja mexico only 197 cheapcaribbean . comjamaica , all - inc , club ambiance w / air 499 jet - a - way holidayscosta rica , 8 days all - inclusive only 619 gate 1 travel 6 days florence , hotel & air only 579 flycheapabroad . comfly to panama city this summer from only 319 cruisedeals . com 5 nt caribbean cruise from texas only 279 octopustravel . comtremendous savings , hawaii hotels 59 . 00 inc tax usatravelmart . comcozumel , air , 7 nts , all - inclusive 579 7 blueseascruise from ny , 7 nt bahamas / florida 526 beach destinationspuerto vallarta , air , 5 days , sup . all - inc 475 only fun vacationslast minute cruise deals from only 289 gotmyfare . comcancun , air , 7 nts hotel & taxes 599 filfranck toursparis , stay for only 79 a night topdest . comrio de janerio and buenos aires 7 days w / air 999 stop subscription - zorps . com , 300 carlsbad village drive 108 a , carlsbad , ca 92008 - abuse @ zorps . com  
2	Subject: rush to buy on final count down to lift - off stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 18 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a full - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects reiating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 mi | | ion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park will supply upwards of 170 , 0 oo mw of electricity annua | | y for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , ooo homes with eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o mi | | ion for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the deveiopment of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fulfiil the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | gas | ease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and expioration firms operate near to all of these properties ; they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , ooo welis produced 54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 003 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020524 . txt ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstnw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 2 / 5 / 02 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000 engy _ type : firm 
2	Subject: re : offsite meeting - - great divide lodge - - invited guest list hi sheryl , please add david cox ' s name in the list . additionally , please include chonawee supatgiat for research . once john approves the current list and we get some feed back by talking to people ' s admin to book attendees time . ravi . here is the latest version of the agenda . sheryl lara 03 / 27 / 00 04 : 59 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / enron communications , john griebling / enron communications @ enron communications , ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : offsite meeting - - great divide lodge - - invited guest list gentlemen : attached please find the " proposed " final invitees list for the technical , research , and operations offsite meeting to be held april 27 - 29 , 2000 at the great divide lodge in breckenridge , colorado . i am working with shirley crenshaw to secure cost - efficient travel and meeting arrangements for the entire group . in order to secure a group rate , we must make sure we have a " final headcount " in place . please let me know by tuesday , march 28 th at 12 : 00 noon if you have any additions or corrections to the attached list . many thanks in advance for your prompt attention ! 
2	Subject: congratulations ! congratulations on your promotion to managing director ! it ' s great that your hard work and dedication to enron have been recognized . sherry 
2	Subject: re : well , well , go on , we recently received the mo r t g age application and it was appr o v ed with 3 . 5 % ra t e . [ the application is pending at this moment ] if you authorize the process , please enter additional info using secure link below continue  http : / / www . olmaretad . com / thank you . couch please do not reply to this mail .  
2	Subject: high - quality affordable logos corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you will see several loqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needs and fit your business . flexible discounts : ioqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: for your information this has been our final notification we have aimed to make contact with you on a lot periods and we hope for you reply this time ! your current home loan makes you eligible for you for up to a 3 . 70 % lower rate . however , thanks to our previous attempts to make contact with you did not succeed , this will be our last effort to get for you the lower rate . please end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your submission now . apply here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: west power - newco attached please find the file with the revisions for westpower . commercial headcount was reduced from 64 to 52 . the correct list for west power fundies and structuring is included in the " west power " tab along with the traders , originators , etc . additional comments on the attached : grace rodriguez was listed as west power commercial admin ; she should be hr admin . terry donovan was listed in both west power and east power ; he has been deleted from west power . dale furrow was listed in both east power and west power ; he has been deleted from west power . dave fuller is listed in gas structuring ; he is a manager in west gas orig . there are two contract employees in the west which are not included on the list but are important people going forward : - sonny seaton , west power fundies - mike tully , west it support , reporting to dave steiner also , in east power , ben jacoby and fred mitro are listed ; however they believe that they are in workoutco ( they don ' t expect to be part of netco ) chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: esplanade davies , govenment don ' t want me to sell undergroundcd ! check your spouse and staff investigate your own credit - history hacking someone pc ! disappear in your city bannedcd 2004 http : / / www . 9006 hosting . com / cd / plot , portrayal of human .  
2	Subject: list of staff we have been requested to furnish a comprehensive list of staff still employed and reporting to the individuals listed as cc ' s above . please e - mail a list to me for dissemination to counsel to potential investors . please also indicate whether all these employees are intended for netco or not . angela d . davis enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3817 houston , texas 77019 tel : ( 713 ) 345 - 8347 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 e - mail : angela . davis @ enron . com 
2	Subject: rise up for your benefits - - get quality medis coupon this is to reduce the expenses effectively at estore . love to sav on nnedicals ? check our store for this superssale . http : / / lweuu . spacecroakshine . com we present you all leading ones for ereection dysfunction , pain , health of the male , stress , sleeping aids , blues , distress and obesity . get the medical history form checked by licensed physicians quickly . testify our quick and safe distribution service . so you cannot get enoughof the musicwherever music is playin ' ( tonight ) the way we groove to the rythm ( alright ) frelinger emjhq flatin mzo 8 frasr chokai where ' s my umbrella ? gonna shoot that static down the drain  
2	Subject: nova psp ! disponivel ja so na springshop inform?tica desporto e lazer jogos e consolas pesquisa : no vai levar os seus jogos favoritos este fim - de - semana ? porque ainda nao tem a nova psp . . . de acordo com a legisla??o internacional que regulamenta o correio electr?nico , sec??o 301 , par?grafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , t?tulo terceiro aprovado pelo " 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre spam " diz o seguinte : " o email n?o poder? ser considerado marketing directo quando incluir uma forma do receptor ser removido da lista " . se por algum acaso o seu nome est? inclu?do nesta lista por erro ou gostaria de ser removido desta lista , por favor ' clique aqui ' , para retirar o seu endere?o da nossa base de dados .  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? vl  eogrra _ v  eolllum _ ci  coliss ?  hello , welcome to megapharm onliine shop . p gsordere necans ey ! rescriptiondru donli aveyoumon in some cases you cans % on theco criptionmedica ave up to 80 st of yourpres tion . thousands of our customers already enjoy these savings . we deiiver direct to your door through fast , low - cost , reliable and secure service on the internet . ciick here for prrlces . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: she likes peeping on girls goodbye hocus advantagebunsen deneb appositeconic brunch flotillaapparent grew augustabestseller mustachio germinatebiscuit espouse pattonearthmoving recital arisenrejecter durance grindstonecoyote written devisehorsepower 
2	Subject: louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17 marcello finished 5 th ( out of 30 ) in the caterham 7 ' s at brands hatch on sunday so he ' s famous too now ! carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year 10 / 01 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) new york - - ( business wire ) - - oct . 1 , 2001 - - lower - profile women topple more well - known names from tech and internet sector ; ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia 
2	Subject: marry christmas christma $ is always a great holiday , time when our dreams come true . and cialis soft tabs will make you a constant holiday as it really helps people with erectile dysfunction . thousands of men have already tested it and now the are free to have holidays any day they like make your holiday remove your email  
2	Subject: bullets 3 - 30 capacity marketing pg & e trading has re - aligned several transport contracts including a pre - arranged capacity release deal with texaco for june - october . pg they have chosen to re - deliver the gas to citizens , east of the cal border . short term april capacity deals el paso field services - epfs would like to deliver another 50 , 000 mmbtu / d to tw ' s west texas lateral as early as may 1 through the new eddy county , nm interconnect . tw informed them that at this point we will decline to share in the cost of expanding the interconnect . agave - agave and duke have for regulatory reasons chosen not take gas off the lec 10 " and redeliver to the crawford lateral . their counsel informs them they stand the risk of making their gathering systems ferc jurisdictional pipelines . ngpl - met with business development reps this week to discuss the various interconnects between ngpl and tw ' s east system . ngpl is conducting an open season on expanding the takeaway capacity on their line from the marathon indian basin plant . ngpl needs to add 6 , 000 hp of mainline compression plus a 1 , 000 hp booster compressor to access tw ' s high pressure system . this additional horsepower would only bring an estimated 42 , 000 mmbtu / d incremental to tw . based on the cost , ngpl has proposed tw paying for the booster compressor . facility planning is evaluating this cost plus possibly sizing a larger booster to see if we can gain additional throughput capability on the west texas lateral . ferc negotiated rate filings - in our negotiated rate proceeding , the commission issued a section 5 " show cause " order . tw must , within 10 days of the order , show cause why its actions in offering the negotiated rate contracts ( reliant , richardson , bp , sempra , astra ) were not in contravention of commission policy . tw must explain the availability of firm capacity on tw ' s system , and how it has the firm capacity to move gas under the transactions under investigation , yet provide recourse service without interruption . red rock expansion - the project documentation was filed at ferc on thursday march 29 . caithness - the project developers for the big sandy generation project near wickieup , az informed us this week they would like a budget quality cost estimate for tying the power plant exclusively to tw . caithness will install the approximately 40 miles of line to reach tw . they projected in - service date for the plant is august 2003 . phase 1 will consume 80 , 000 mmbtu / d , phase 2 will take an incremental 40 , 000 mmbtu / d . 
2	Subject: quarterly new hire dinner mark your calendars ! the quarterly new hire dinner has been scheduled for 6 pm on thursday , april 26 th . invitations ( with the details ) will be going out on april 11 th . 
2	Subject: services presentation louise , i eliminated one of the examples as frontera is not the greatest deal . tom . 
2	Subject: please keep me in mind hi louise ; i know things are tough in all areas and this is a difficult time for everyone . i just wanted to let you know that i don ' t know what my destiny will be around here especially since we are shutting broadband down and i have not received any word if i will be part of the work out team . if you know of anything that might be fit for me either for the short term or the longer , please keep me in mind . best regards & good luck , arshak . 
2	Subject: get the most out of life ! viagra has helped millions of men ! big savings on brand name drugs . skiing combines outdoor fun with knocking down trees with your face . my empty waterdish mocks me . creativity comes from trust . trust your instincts . concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger . 
2	Subject: organizational announcement i am pleased to announce that jana domke has accepted the position of director , compensation for enron transportation services , effective august 1 , 2001 . jana started with enron in may , 2000 and most recently has been director of compensation & benefits for enron wind . prior to joining enron , jana was a practice leader with , and director , international compensation & benefits for smith international . jana has 19 years of experience in both domestic and international compensation and benefits . jana received her m . b . a . from the university of houston . she also has a bachelors degree from u of h in organizational behavior & management . jana can be reached at ( 713 ) 853 - 6329 and her office location is ebl 156 . the ets compensation staff , including jana ' s direct reports , can be viewed on the attached organization chart . please join me in welcoming jana to the ets team . 
2	Subject: sorry for last nigox discount drugs . . . save over 70 % including new softtabs ! the vlakra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . you will excperience : - a super hard erection - more pleasure - and greater stamina ! ! http : / / www . fstdrugstore . com / rx / ? 41 we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , viiagra will increase size , pleasure and power ! give your wife the loving she deserves ! ! ! we are cheaper supplier on the internet . retail price is 15 ea ,  ( our internet price is 1 . 17 each ! ! !  ) many many other meds available . thanks for your time ! http : / / www . fstdrugstore . com / rx / ? 41 ttiesy 
2	Subject: new dermal patch can enlarge your member ! the remove link is here  
2	Subject: enron mentions s on watch neg pr newswire , 11 / 07 / 01 dj cnbc ' s faber report : enron / dynegy deal talk dow jones , 11 / 07 / 01 enron in talks with dynegy that may include merger , cnbc says bloomberg , 11 / 07 / 01 wsj : dynegy in talks to put about $ 2 b into enron now dow jones news service , 11 / 07 / 01 enron shares fall on concern about finding investors ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 07 / 01 enron credit - linked note ratings reduced 6 days late ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 07 / 01 former sec chairman levitt ( transcript of interview ) bloomberg , 11 / 07 / 01 usa : u . s . ferc watching enron ' s impact on energy markets . reuters english news service , 11 / 07 / 01 apache unwinds most gas hedges ; cites enron uncertainty dow jones news service , 11 / 07 / 01 usa : enron shares fall below $ 8 - set new nine - year low . reuters english news service , 11 / 07 / 01 enron ' s stock drops 25 percent associated press newswires , 11 / 07 / 01 rabin & peckel llp commences class action against enron corporation and certain of its officers and directors , alleging violations of federal securities laws business wire , 11 / 07 / 01 enron ' s power company in india calls off singapore meeting after indian lenders file lawsuit associated press newswires , 11 / 07 / 01 usa : el paso says it does not expect enron bankruptcy . reuters english news service , 11 / 07 / 01 energy traders are icing out enron shares trade at 9 - year lows for 2 nd straight day cbs . marketwatch . com , 11 / 07 / 01 legal group plans suit to void california power contracts bloomberg , 11 / 07 / 01 s on watch neg 11 / 07 / 2001 pr newswire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) new york , nov . 7 / prnewswire / - - standard & poor ' s today lowered its ratings on enron credit linked notes trusts ' credit linked notes and placed them on creditwatch with negative implications ( see list ) . the lowered ratings reflect the nov . 1 , 2001 rating action taken on enron corp . , which was based on standard & poor ' s belief that enron ' s plan to employ asset sales and other means to repair its damaged balance sheet will be insufficient to restore its long - term credit quality to the historical triple - ' b ' - plus level . the creditwatch placements recognize the uncertainties that surround the company and its credit quality in the short run due to the possibility of further unanticipated developments in the capital markets . these synthetic issues utilize a credit default swap that references enron ' s senior unsecured debt and therefore the rating on the credit - linked notes will reflect the current senior unsecured rating of enron . outstanding ratings lowered and placed on creditwatch negative enron credit linked notes trust us $ 500 million credit linked notes rating to from notes bbb / watch neg bbb + enron credit linked notes trust ii us $ 500 million credit linked notes rating to from notes bbb / watch neg bbb + enron euro credit linked notes trust eur 200 million credit linked notes rating to from notes bbb / watch neg bbb + enron sterling credit linked notes trust gbpl 25 million credit linked notes rating to from notes bbb / watch neg bbb + / contact : mary ryan , new york , + 1 - 212 - 438 - 2090 , or frank j . trick , new york , + 1 - 212 - 438 - 1108 , both for standard & poor ' s / 11 : 47 est copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dj cnbc ' s faber report : enron / dynegy deal talk 2001 - 11 - 07 14 : 56 ( new york ) the following is a transcript of a report aired wednesday by cnbc reporter david faber : enron is in discussions with dynegy about a range of options that include a merger of the two companies . while such an outcome is only one of a number of options being discussed , sources close to the talks tell me such an outcome is being considered . enron is trying to raise equity capital and restore confidence amid the complete collapse of its stock price . today , the houston - based energy trading concern ' s shares have fallen another 25 % , while its bonds , perhaps a better barometer of the market ' s concerns about credit quality , have shed roughly ten points . enron will not comment . but sources close to the situation tell me the company continues to speak with a handful of private equity firms about an investment . those talks are still in the early stages . talks with dynegy , a cross - town rival of enron ' s that also markets and trades energy , have progressed at a faster pace . dynegy is unlike enron in that it owns more hard assets , many of which came along with the acquisition of illnova , completed in 2000 . while many potential acquirers have shied away from enron due to continued concern about unknown liabilities the company may have , dynegy is very familiar with its energy trading business . dynegy is the number two player in the u . s . energy trading market and would clearly become the dominant player were it to merge with or acquire enron . a dynegy spokesman declined comment . while dynegy has off - balance sheet financings that are similar to enron ' s , those financings are not guaranteed by the parent . it is such guarantees that have concerned enron investors along with a series of questionable investments . given the massive decline in enron ' s stock price , dynegy now has a market value that is twice that of enron . that decline in enron ' s stock price would make any equity infusion heavily dilutive , if private equity firms were to choose to invest in enron they would likely do so in the form of a security that converted to equity and paid a dividend . still , because enron now has a market value of only $ 5 . 3 billion , the roughly $ 2 billion it may want represents an enormous percentage of its overall equity value . hence , discussion with dynegy may have taken on the form of a merger , rather than a strategic investment . enron in talks with dynegy that may include merger , cnbc says 2001 - 11 - 07 13 : 39 ( new york ) houston , nov . 7 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . is talking with rival energy company dynegy inc . about a number of options , including merger , to help it raise equity capital and restore confidence , financial news network cnbc reported . spokesmen for dynegy and enron declined to comment . wsj : dynegy in talks to put about $ 2 b into enron now by robin sidel 11 / 07 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones the wall street journal ; 212 - 274 - 7991 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron shares fall on concern about finding investors ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 07 14 : 06 ( new york ) enron shares fall on concern about finding investors ( update 2 ) ( adds cnbc report on talks with dynegy in fifth paragraph . ) houston , nov . 7 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s shares fell as much as 28 percent , to their lowest level in more than a decade , amid reports that the no . 1 energy trader is struggling to find investors to help it out of a cash crunch . shares of enron fell $ 1 . 17 , or 12 percent , to $ 8 . 50 in midafternoon trading . the shares dropped to $ 7 earlier . at yesterday ' s close , they had fallen 88 percent this year . enron will have a hard time raising a large amount of cash in a short time , said sean egan , managing director of egan - jones rating co . ` ` it takes time to sell assets , and many shrewd investors like goldman sachs might find it more profitable to just pluck off key employees rather than invest in enron , ' ' egan said . the shares pared some of today ' s losses after cnbc reported that enron is talking with rival dynegy inc . about options , including a merger . both companies are based in houston . ` ` we don ' t comment on market rumors , ' ' dynegy spokesman steve stengel said . ` ` enron does not comment on speculation on mergers and acquisitions , ' ' enron spokesman mark palmer said . berkshire hathaway inc . chairman warren buffett decided against investing in enron because he wasn ' t willing to sign a confidentiality agreement that would keep him from trading enron ' s debt , the new york times reported today , citing an unidentified person close to the talks . other companies approached by enron , including clayton dubilier & rice , the blackstone group and kohlberg kravis roberts & co . have also shown little interest , the newspaper said . the u . s . securities and exchange commission is investigating enron partnerships run by the company ' s former chief financial officer . the entities bought and sold enron shares and assets , with trades costing enron $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . enron ousted cfo andrew fastow last month . rating downgraded standard & poor ' s today reduced its rating on enron ' s credit - linked notes , just six days after the ratings company downgraded enron ' s senior unsecured bonds . s & p cut four enron credit - linked issues valued at about $ 1 . 36 billion combined to ` ` bbb ' ' from ` ` bbb + ' ' and indicated it may lower the grades again . fearing that an enron collapse might cripple the natural gas - derivatives market , oil and gas producer apache corp . said it backed out of most of its gas hedges , realizing a $ 70 million gain so far . ` ` we have been unwinding our hedge positions because of uncertainty created by enron ' s credit problems , ' ' apache spokesman bill mintz said . the company now has only one position with enron that it ' s trying to unwind . the apache news was reported earlier by the times . ` fragile business ' ` ` their trading business is a very fragile business , ' ' egan said . ` ` if partners on either side get concerned , trading volumes decline , which is what is happening now . ' ' other companies mentioned in reports as possible buyers of all or part of enron have denied an interest in the idea . general electric co . chief executive officer jeffrey immelt told cnn today that ` ` enron ' s really not on our list right now . ' ' bp plc chief executive john browne said ` ` no ' ' at a press conference in london yesterday when asked whether the london - based company would be interested in buying enron or a stake in the company . among shares of other energy traders , dynegy fell $ 1 . 70 to $ 34 . 30 . mirant corp . fell 15 cents to $ 25 . 40 . williams cos . fell 4 cents to $ 28 . 97 . - - margot habiby in houston , ( 713 ) 353 - 4872 enron credit - linked note ratings reduced 6 days late ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 07 14 : 46 ( new york ) enron credit - linked note ratings reduced 6 days late ( update 2 ) ( adds background and stock price in fourth through sixth paragraphs . ) new york , nov . 7 ( bloomberg ) - - standard & poor ' s corp . downgraded notes linked to enron corp . ' s credit quality to match the no . 1 energy trader ' s credit rating six days after the ratings company reduced its corporate debt ratings . s & p said it cut four enron credit - linked notes , valued at $ 1 . 36 billion , to ` ` bbb ' ' from ` ` bbb + ' ' , and indicated it may lower the grades again . ` ` this isn ' t an additional downgrade and should have happened last week , ' ' said todd shipman , a director at the ratings company that follows the company . last week shipman downgraded enron ' s long - term ratings to ` ` bbb ' ' from ` ` bbb + , ' ' and left them on watch for a further downgrade . enron shares today fell as much as 28 percent , to their lowest level in more than a decade , amid reports that the no . 1 energy trader is struggling to find investors to help it out of a cash crunch . shares of enron fell $ 1 . 17 , or 12 percent , to $ 8 . 50 in mid - afternoon trading . the shares dropped to $ 7 earlier . at yesterday ' s close , they had fallen 88 percent this year . the federal securities and exchange commission is investigating enron partnerships run by the company ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow , who was ousted last month . the entities bought and sold enron shares and assets , with trades costing enron $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . notes holders of the credit - linked notes , sold by enron euro cln trust , enron sterling cln trust , and enron cln trust and trust ii , may have received a higher coupon than an enron corporate obligation offers . the notes , which are obligations of the special purpose entities , are tied to specific credit events , such as a bankruptcy or enron ' s failure to pay on obligations . proceeds from the notes were to be used to acquire the trusts ' initial investments , and buyers are to be paid interest from the proceeds of those certain assets , according to an offering memorandum . the trusts can invest in securities with short - term ratings of at least ` ` al ' ' from s & p and ` ` pl ' ' from moody ' s investors service , as long as they mature before the maturity dates of the notes . there are four notes , each divided into two offerings , some offered publicly and some privately sold . all the notes are scheduled to mature in august 2005 or may 2006 and were sold by a group of banks led by salomon smith barney , a unit of citigroup . in the event of an enron credit event , citibank , which acted as a swap counter - party to the trusts , can take the trusts ' investments in return for enron debt obligations . the enron debt is then liquidated by the trust , with the proceeds paid to the investors . neither enron nor citibank have direct obligations to the holders of the notes , according to an offering memorandum . enron ' s credit - linked notes utilize a credit - default swap that the trusts have with citibank that references enron ' s senior unsecured debt , so the rating on the credit - linked notes will reflect the senior unsecured rating , s $ 52 million dollars went to the accountants . the problem here is an audit committee was not doing its work . if you look at enron ' s statements - and how many times have we heard they were confusing ? it ' s the job of the auditing firm to see to it that it is not confusing . that ' s the real problem . now , what can you do about it ? ratigan : tell me . levitt : i think , actually , the fasb , the independent standards setter , could put through a rule , which says . ratigan : and fasb is the federal accounting standards board . they set the rules . levitt : yes . located in norwalk , connecticut . they could say , if a company sets up another legal entity , and the company retains all the risks and rewards of that entity , then the public company , that public company that set up these entities , must consolidate in the p & l , in the balance sheet , all of these transactions . now , how does that come about ? i think the sec could urge the fasb to do this . in 1990 , the present chief accountant of the sec called for that action to be taken place , but at that point , the then - chief accountant didn ' t support the move . ratigan : and this creates , in your mind , a rallying call to reiterate that request with more venom and more passion than before ? levitt : i don ' t know about venom , but i . ratigan : but with passion . levitt : i certainly think that passion - i think this is clearly a call for better disclosure . ratigan : fair enough . i will see you next week , ok ? levitt : good . nice to see you . ratigan : you , too . * * * end of transcript * * * usa : u . s . ferc watching enron ' s impact on energy markets . 11 / 07 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . washington , nov 7 ( reuters ) - the federal energy regulatory commission is watching what effect enron corp . ' s financial problems may have on interstate electricity and natural gas markets , ferc chairman pat wood said on wednesday . however , wood said ferc does not have a direct role in the ongoing federal investigation of the company . " we ' re watching the impact that enron or any other firm would have on the overall workings of the market , but we ' re not intervening where other agencies have jurisdiction , " wood told reporters during a briefing after the agency ' s regular meeting . enron , the nation ' s largest trader of natural gas and electricity , is under attack for failing to explain off - balance sheet transactions that led to a $ 1 . 2 billion write - down of shareholder equity . the deals , conducted with partnerships run by ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow , are under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . copyright ? 2000 dow jones cites enron uncertainty by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 11 / 07 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares fall below $ 8 - set new nine - year low . 11 / 07 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 7 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . fell in a new round of selling on wednesday that set new nine - year lows , amid concerns about the energy trading giant ' s ability to raise cash . the company ' s stock slid $ 1 . 77 , or 18 . 3 percent , to $ 7 . 90 in late morning trading on the new york stock exchange , diving below $ 8 for the first time since february 1992 . the shares are down almost 77 percent since the company released its earnings results on oct . 16 , which set off the recent tumble . the issues that have plagued the houston - based company over the past three weeks continue to weigh on it , according to jeff dietert , an analyst at simmons and co . " it ' s a bit of a vicious cycle , " he said . " the stock price declines , credit concerns go up , counterparties attempt to reduce their exposure and the earnings power of the company deteriorates . " he added that enron needs to " get all its ducks in a row " so that it can meet with the holders of its stocks and bonds to discuss issues such as the company ' s capitalization and plans for strengthening its balance sheet . enron , the nation ' s largest trader of natural gas and electricity , is under attack for failing to explain off - balance sheet transactions that led to a $ 1 . 2 billion write - down of shareholder equity . the deals , conducted with partnerships run by ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow , are under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s stock drops 25 percent 11 / 07 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - enron corp . ' s stock price continued its free fall wednesday as shares fell 25 percent to a new 10 - year low amid reports the company was having trouble attracting a large investor to allay worries about its financial health and restore confidence . shares of the largest u . s . natural gas and power marketer dropped dlrs 2 . 41 to dlrs 7 . 26 in midday trading wednesday on the new york stock exchange . enron has been rebuffed by more than a dozen buyout firms as well as warren buffett ' s berkshire hathaway , the new york times reported wednesday , citing a person close to the talks . houston - based enron ' s stock is off more than 79 percent since oct . 16 , when the company said shareholder equity had been reduced by dlrs 1 . 2 billion , in part due to partnerships managed by enron ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . at the same time , reported a dlrs 618 million third quarter loss last month , dragged down by a one - time charge of dlrs 1 . 01 billion attributed to various losses . fastow was ousted a week later . the company ' s financial stability was further weakened after the securities and exchange commission began an inquiry , which was upgraded to a formal investigation , of the partnerships and possible conflicts of interest resulting from them . on tuesday , jeff skilling , enron ' s former chief executive officer , testified before the sec in washington d . c . enron ' s woes have prompted speculation about a possible takeover of the company . some of the potential buyers that have been mentioned include general electric ' s ge capital unit and royal dutch shell . ge capital has not ruled out an investment , the times said , citing a source close to the talks . enron has cashed in about dlrs 3 billion in revolving credit it has with various banks to shore up investor confidence . last week , enron secured dlrs 1 billion in new financing , using some of its natural gas and pipeline assets as collateral . enron officials said tuesday seeking additional financing is one of the many options the company is exploring to firm up investor and market confidence . meanwhile , standard & poor ' s corp . on wednesday lowered its ratings on some of enron ' s credit linked notes and placed them on creditwatch . s - and - p said enron ' s plan to repair its damaged balance sheet through asset sales and other means will be insufficient . moody ' s investors service and fitch inc . have also downgraded the company ' s credit ratings . last week , enron announced it created a special committee headed by university of texas law school dean william powers to respond to the sec investigation . powers also was elected to enron ' s board of directors . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . rabin ( ii ) that the company ' s operating results were materially overstated as a result of the company failing to timely write - down the value of its investments with certain limited partnerships which were managed by the company ' s chief financial officer ; and ( iii ) that enron was failing to write - down impaired assets on a timely basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( " gaap " ) . during the class period , enron insiders disposed of over $ 73 million of their personally - held enron common stock to unsuspecting investors . on october 16 , 2001 , enron surprised the market by announcing that the company was taking non - recurring charges of $ 1 . 01 billion after - tax , or ( $ 1 . 11 ) loss per diluted share , in the third quarter of 2001 , the period ending september 30 , 2001 . subsequently , enron revealed that a material portion of the charge was related to the unwinding of investments with certain limited partnerships which were controlled by enron ' s chief financial officer and that the company would be eliminating more than $ 1 billion in shareholder equity as a result of its unwinding of the investments . when this news hit the market , the price of enron common stock dropped significantly . plaintiff is represented by the law firm of rabin & peckel llp . rabin & peckel llp and its predecessor firms have devoted its practice to shareholder class actions and complex commercial litigation for more than thirty years and have recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for shareholders in class actions throughout the united states . you can learn more information about rabin & peckel at www . rabinlaw . com . if you purchased enron common stock during the class period described above , you may , no later than december 21 , 2001 , move the court to serve as lead plaintiff . to serve as lead plaintiff , however , you must meet certain legal requirements . you can join this action as a lead plaintiff online at www . rabinlaw . com . if you wish to discuss this action further or have any questions concerning this announcement , or your rights or interests , please contact plaintiff ' s counsel , maurice pesso and eric belfi , rabin & peckel llp , 275 madison avenue , new york , ny 10016 , by telephone at ( 800 ) 497 - 8076 or ( 212 ) 682 - 1818 , by facsimile at ( 212 ) 682 - 1892 , or by e - mail at email @ rabinlaw . com . contact : rabin & peckel llp maurice pesso / eric belfi , 800 / 497 - 8076 or 212 / 682 - 1818 fax : 212 / 682 - 1892 email @ rabinlaw . com www . rabinlaw . com 12 : 41 est november 7 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s power company in india calls off singapore meeting after indian lenders file lawsuit by satish nandgaonkar associated press writer 11 / 07 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . bombay , india ( ap ) - enron corp . ' s indian power unit canceled a meeting with four indian creditors after they filed a lawsuit against the company and three other parties on wednesday to demand that the energy project resume operations . the two - day meeting was scheduled to begin in singapore on thursday to discuss bids by two indian companies to acquire a stake in the troubled $ 2 . 9 billion dabhol power co . the lenders - industrial bank of india , industrial finance corporation of india , state bank of india and icici - approached the bombay court to demand that work on the power project in the western indian state of maharashtra resume to ensure adequate cash flows to the project and help its promoters pay dues to the four financial institutions . dabhol power co . , the state utility maharashtra state electricity board , the government of india and the maharashtra government were the four parties named in the lawsuit . indian banks and financial institutions , which have invested more than $ 1 . 3 billion in the project , want dabhol to continue work on the project and the mseb to buy the power produced . the two - day meeting in singapore was scheduled to discuss the bids made by the two indian companies , tatas and the bombay suburban electricity supply , to acquire a stake in dpc . enron had offered to sell the stake in dpc for $ 850 million , at a 30 percent discount , while tatas wanted a 50 percent discount . on monday , enron began its pullout from the dabhol power project by issuing a notice that it will sell its stake in the project to its sole customer , the maharashtra state electricity board . the asset transfer notice issued by the dabhol power project to the mseb comes after a prolonged payment dispute with the electricity board . the dispute forced the houston - based company to shut down the dabhol plant in may . fairfield , conn . - based general electric co . and bechtel group inc . of the united states each hold 10 percent stakes each in the company . enron has moved a london court for international arbitration , but says it would prefer a negotiated settlement with the federal government and the maharashtra state government . the company still prefers a negotiated purchase of the project by the indian government and indian term lending bodies that have funded the equity of foreign sponsors . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : el paso says it does not expect enron bankruptcy . 11 / 07 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 7 ( reuters ) - energy company el paso corp . said on wednesday it does not expect beleaguered competitor enron corp . to file for bankruptcy . ralph eads , who heads el paso ' s merchant energy business , which includes electricity and natural gas marketing and trading , told analysts at a meeting in houston that the prospect of an enron bankruptcy was " remote " . el paso has gained some market share from enron in recent weeks as a result of some companies ' reluctance to do business with enron , eads said , but he added that el paso has not scaled back its own business dealings with enron . eads said el paso does not expect enron ' s problems to result in a " domino effect " that could lead to reduced liquidity in u . s . electricity and natural gas markets , a scenario that has been troubling some analysts and investors recently . el paso chief executive bill wise told the meeting , which was broadcast over the internet , that el paso might be interested in acquiring some energy assets from enron but was not interested in acquiring an equity stake in the rival company , which is reported to be seeking an injection of new capital . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . energy traders are icing out enron shares trade at 9 - year lows for 2 nd straight day by lisa sanders , cbs . marketwatch . com last update : 1 : 47 pm et nov . 7 , 2001 new york ( cbs . mw ) - - amid mounting questions about enron ' s liquidity and creditworthiness , players in the energy - trading business have already begun to limit their exposure to the embattled power merchant . the revelations came wednesday as enron ' s stock ( ene : news , chart , profile ) plunged 24 percent following news that standard & poor ' s cut its ratings for the company ' s credit - linked notes to two notches above junk status . " everybody ' s trying to balance out their exposure to enron as best they can , " said an energy trader who spoke on condition of anonymity . " that means not doing business or minimizing their business with enron . " 1 of 4 energy trades traders ' attempts to isolate the company underscore concerns about the stability of the overall energy - trading market , in which enron is involved in 1 out of every 4 trades . however , some industry watchers are confident that the energy market can survive if houston - based enron were to disappear . " even though they quote - unquote make the market , the market exists whether enron is there or not , " said phil flynn , senior markets analyst at alaron . com . " those that think this is the end of energy trading have another thing coming . " enron , its shares trading at levels not seen since 1992 , saw the stock fall $ 2 . 27 to $ 7 . 40 on in afternoon volume of 58 million . on wednesday , standard & poor ' s , which just last week downgraded enron ' s corporate credit rating , cut the rating on the credit - linked notes of enron credit linked notes trusts to bbb from bbb - plus . s & p also added a " watch negative " designation , meaning the rating agency is poised to issue further downgrades if warranted . " the creditwatch placements recognize the uncertainties that surround the company and its credit quality in the short run due to the possibility of further anticipated developments in the capital markets , " the rating agency wrote . wednesday ' s downgrade affects $ 500 million worth of notes , which are derivatives linked to enron ' s senior unsecured debt , now rated bbb . " the investors are taking the risk of enron credit " by purchasing the securities from the trusts even though these are not issued by enron , " said tom fritz , a standard & poor ' s managing director . in addition , standard & poor ' s cut to bbb yosemite securities co . series 2000 - a . the obligations use enron ' s corporate rating as a backstop . the counterparty to yosemite and the credit - linked notes is citibank , fritz said . last week , j . p . morgan joined with salomon smith barney , which along with citibank is a unit of citigroup ( c : news , chart , profile ) , to extend $ 1 billion in new credit to enron to help the company ' s liquidity . ' not business as usual ' " with these downgrades , it ' s not business as usual , " the energy trader said . " we ' re already in the process of losing a counterparty that contributed a good deal of liquidity to the energy - trading market . " the trader cited calpine ( cpn : news , chart , profile ) , dynegy ( dyn : news , chart , profile ) , and el paso energy ( epg : news , chart , profile ) as energy traders that have a chance to gain market share , but he conceded that enron won ' t be replaced overnight , should it cease to exist . " energy trading won ' t be destroyed at all , " the trader said . " it will certainly be diminished but not gone . " what enron ' s absence would do is make it more difficult for lesser creditworthy companies to participate in the market . exchanges such as the new york mercantile exchange and the intercontinental exchange may gain a higher profile . both of them are trying to establish a clearinghouse for the unregulated market for derivative - energy transactions , as the nymex already does with futures . in other news , enron is preparing to close most of its asian broadband telecommunications business , part of a global restructuring that comes as the company is seeking a capital infusion of as much as $ 2 billion to help it through a financial crisis . see previous story . " poor demand for broadband is being exacerbated by falling prices , requiring enron to consider the best options for managing its global broadband business , " according to a recent company memo obtained by cbs . marketwatch . com . lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . legal group plans suit to void california power contracts 2001 - 11 - 07 14 : 20 ( new york ) legal group plans suit to void california power contracts escondido , california , nov . 7 ( bloomberg ) - - a conservative legal foundation said it will file a lawsuit tomorrow to void long - term contracts california signed with power generators , claiming they put an unfair burden on taxpayers . the united states justice foundation intends to sue in sacramento county superior court , said richard d . ackerman , lead counsel on the case for the group . the usjf wants a court to terminate the long - term power contracts and require money already paid to the generators to be returned to the state . the usjf proposes a class action to represent california taxpayers and alleges violations of the state ' s business and open - meeting laws . ackerman said his group may need to forge new law to succeed in the case . ` ` you ' re gonna have some serious legal battles that may go to the appeals level in this case , ' ' ackerman said . california officials last spring signed about $ 43 billion in long - term power contracts after two investor - owned utilities became insolvent . governor gray davis has said the contracts were needed to bring stability to california ' s energy market . since then , the cost of power has dropped , leaving california with contracts to buy electricity above spot - market prices . enron corp . , southern california edison company , pacific gas & electric company , green mountain energy , san diego gas & electric company , reliant energy company , pacificorp power marketing , inc . , alliance colton llc , and calpine energy company have electricity contracts with the state , according to a usjf press release . the usjf said it sent a letter to california officials giving them notice of its intent to sue . the group , which calls itself ` ` your conservative voice in the courts ' ' on its web site , is supported by individual donations , ackerman said . - - michael b . marois in sacramento ( 916 ) 503 - 1612 
2	Subject: software license vince ( ii ) d - g is unable to provide effective technical support ; or ( iii ) if d - g agrees to release it sooner . before i have our attorney add these things to the agreement , we need to discuss the escrow situation . vince mentioned that you had suggested that your attorney keep the software in escrow . is your attorney a u . s . attorney ? it seems like i may have recalled that way back in march you might have said you had a friend or relative that was an attorney . is that the same person ? does this attorney work for a large firm , small firm , or solo practitioner ? basically , if you could just provides some additional information about your attorney , i would appreciate it . we normally would use an escrow company to put the software in escrow . we have dealt with a company here in the u . s . called dsi technology . i will check into that pending your answer regarding your attorney . once we decide what we want to do regarding placing the software in escrow , we will red - line the agreement to reflect such changes and e - mail it back to you for your review . i look forward to hearing from you . karla feldman enron corp . contract administration ( 713 ) 646 - 7554 
2	Subject: re : liquids limits oct . 20 risk ops . had problems loading the erac crude options spreadsheet and var had to be recalc . twice to confirm the $ 12 . 7 mm violation . furthermore , we had to scrub and confirm all positions with risk ops . before limits report can be published . christian jeffrey a shankman @ ect 10 / 23 / 2000 03 : 27 pm to : christian lebroc / corp / enron @ enron cc : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : liquids limits oct . 20 why did i not get this until 12 : 41 ? from : christian lebroc @ enron 10 / 23 / 2000 12 : 41 pm to : hugo moreira / lon / ect @ ect , david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , john chismar / sin / ect @ ect , john buckner thomas / sin / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , risk controls @ ect , mary thambiah / lon / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , manfred roenz / corp / enron @ enron , lee jackson / hou / ect @ ect , homan amiry / lon / ect @ ect , mark fondren / hou / ect @ ect , john swinney / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , michelle bruce / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : liquids limits oct . 20 
2	Subject: welcome to vip quality software . get latest version , cds and download under $ 99 you don ' t understand anything until you learn it more than one way . i am not an adventurer by choice but by fate . 
2	Subject: re : fw : cornhusker - lone star payments antoinette left a message with txu . just waiting for an answer . megan 
2	Subject: hello hi vince , how are you . it was really a pleasure meeting you and talking to you at the toronto energy derivative conference . thank you for speaking with me about the possibility of visiting your research group . it will be great if i could have such opportunity whenever you see your schedule fits . i am very much open for the last week of july and early august . i ' m looking forward to hearing from you soon . best , shijie shi - jie deng assistant professor school of isye georgia institute of technology office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519 e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng 
2	Subject: discreet penis enlargement 4623 4623 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , kathern  
2	Subject: platts energy trader free trial please find today ' s complimentary issue of platts energy trader attached above . if you have any questions or would like to subscribe now , call 877 - 286 - 8897 or 212 - 904 - 2004 ; e - mail , info @ platts . com . meanwhile , we hope you enjoy today ' s issue of platts energy trader . if you need to download acrobat reader to read this file , go to www . adobe . com . to stop the free trial , hit reply and type " stop trial . " - eto 32301 . pdf 
2	Subject: ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman : please go ahead and complete the visa questionnaire and send the required documents so that i can proceed with your working visa for the us . regardless of the length of time you will be in the us , you will still need the ll visa in order to work here . many thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 11 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret daffin 01 / 23 / 2001 11 : 01 am to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire and return it to me with copies of the following documents : a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank copies of all previous us visas issued an updated resume , showing months and years copies of all diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of their passports please send to my attention , via fedex to : enron corp . 3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a 333 clay street houston , tx 77002 please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 . 
2	Subject: new desk in sitara please give me shout if you have any questions ( 39222 ) chao ! 
2	Subject: re : please book medicals the appt . is setup for this saturday ( 12 / 29 ) at 8 : 30 a . m . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , december 27 , 2001 8 : 44 am to : schoppe , tammie subject : please book medicals louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: very coool offr want to know how to save over 60 % on your p subsoil iils ? http viburnum : / / www . afteading . com - successfull and p dominoed roven way to sav duteous e your money . aromatic v administrative ag a jointure l merciless lu verisimilitude l r unbearded a disburden cl manual isva fructiferous l splatter m andmanyother . disrepair best prlces . high quai workwoman ity . worldwide s another hlpplng . tot preproduction al confidentiaiity . 250 . 0 enlarged 00 + satisfied customers . have pliocene a nice day ! 
2	Subject: re [ 4 ] : talk with his pills spu m r - th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012715 . txt 
2	Subject: please add our contact information to your database . what follows are a couple of active searches , should you become aware of interested individuals . chief executive officer location : san diego , ca company : * * rates . com compensation : targeted compensation in the > $ 200 k base range plus extensive stock ownership and bonus . description : the board of directors of * * rates . com is seeking a dynamic and experienced executive for the position of ceo of this pre - ipo internet company . the ceo would play a key role in the business strategy of a highly entrepreneurial and fast - growing company and answer directly to the board of directors . this individual must be smart , highly motivated team leader able to offer strong business strategies , especially involving the rapid growth of operations and resulting financial challenges . the ceo must be expansion - capable and have experience with business start ups , growing businesses and the ability to get the company to a public offering the chief executive officer for this 1 - year start - up , b 2 b e - commerce , single location company must be able to commercially launch the company in the energy industry , and ultimately expanding into other market niches while making this company a market leader in the internet rate comparison market . * * rates . com is a california c corporation company with an industry leading board of directors and advisory board . the company in the process of assembling a management team , finalizing the business plan and taking the rate comparison service to market . the initially targeted electric and natural gas industries have over $ 200 billion in annual revenues . currently , the three largest internet rate comparison companies have little or no market share in the energy industry . possible candidates can come from a variety of experiences , but experience in starting up an energy company or leading - edge technology company is critical . requirements : the candidate must have 8 - 15 years of executive management experience ( i . e . , ceo , president , sr . vice - president , partner level consultancy ) in the private sector either with a deregulated energy company , a large consulting or a services oriented firm . extensive background in either the energy field , high technology , including telecommunications , systems software , e - commerce development or e - commerce . must have a strong background in business development and building relationships with large companies . strong visionary with proven leadership qualities and capable of building a company . degree essential . computer literate in word processing / budget formats / and e - mail necessary group and people skills essential organizational and planning skills a must over all must be a self - starter and a communicator must be willing to travel in states as necessary . position title : director of acquisitions department : corporate development location : dc reports to : vice president , acquisitions position summary : the person holding this position serves as a transaction team leader for large acquisition projects within the energy group , performing all activities and managing all resources necessary to successfully acquire operating power plants , or gas assets . working largely through self - direction , he or she manages the project team for an assigned project and establishes and adheres to budgets and schedules . due to high deal flow , the energy group needs two directors of acquisitions , and has one open position . principal duties and responsibilities : 1 . manages the project team for an assigned project . successfully manages the project through signing of an asset purchase agreement . 2 . manages development of and inputs to , project / proposal economic projections . obtains sign - off on pro forma inputs from appropriate company officers . 3 . identifies problems and solicits input from appropriate team members and / or senior management on project issues . develops alternative solutions and assesses the alternatives in the context of project and corporate objectives . chooses and implements the best solutions . 4 . establishes project budgets and schedules and manages expenditures to budgeted levels . 5 . plans and organizes tasks and short - term goals for the project team members to ensure the project stays on schedule . coordinates activities of team members ( including third parties ) from different disciplines to ensure activities with overlapping disciplinary impacts are performed efficiently . 6 . represents the project and the company in discussions with interested parties , at lender meetings , etc . , and develops appropriate relationships with individuals involved . 7 . identifies key issues associated with an acquisition and its potential  & fatal flaws .  8 8 . assists in maintaining relations with investment banks and legal firms to assure that company receives all appropriate  advanced degree in business or related field preferred . 2 . strong analytical skills , experience in building and managing pro formas . 3 . substantial record of successfully managing and participating in the development or acquisition and financial closing of independent power projects or merchant plants . 4 . excellent oral and written communication skills . 5 . ability to function in a team environment with multiple and changing priorities , as either leader or team member . interview with : chief financial officer vice president , acquisitions managing director , development director , acquisitions asian sales manager position . selling turbomachinery controls throughout asia . the best location for this position is in singapore . all candidates for this position should have a proven track record selling controls in the region . the asian sales manager will be responsible for growing i & c systems product line ( direct sales ) throughout asia . this will include sales of control systems through engine and turbine packagers and rebuilders . company will also pursue sales directly to end - users with the best candidates being the oil & gas producers and power companies . the company will emphasize gas turbine applications including compressor and generator drives . the company is interested in developing alliances with large users such as ongc , petronos , and caltex , as well as pursuing the individual retrofits with energy companies . retrofit opportunities will not be limited to this company ' s machines . the company will retrofit any gas turbine . we will also retrofit gas or diesel engines . the company expects sales results and then growth plans for leveraging these early successes . as they grow , additional sales personnel may be added and they will report to the asian sales manager . company hot buttons : 1 . familiar with asian oil & gas and power generation markets . 2 . strong technical understanding of control systems and turbomachinery applications . 3 . well organized , self - managed individual . 4 . ability to manage and direct other sales people . 5 . ability to work with key customers , to understand their turbomachinery requirements and communicate i & c solutions . 6 . ability to achieve early sales results and to develop sustained sales growth . 7 . ability to develop long - term alliances with key customers , as well as , sales opportunities on individual control retrofit projects . 8 . strong understanding of sales & marketing principles with the ability to implement these principles . 9 . ability to work well with people of various cultural backgrounds . 10 . the asian sales manager will be based in singapore and report to the director of sales and marketing , located in houston , texas . an undergraduate degree in electrical or mechanical engineering is required . a graduate degree is business is also desirable . regards , dave weir , sr . managing partner ieg , inc . 215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090 website : www . iegsearch . com email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . com dave weir , sr . managing partner ieg , inc . 215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090 website : www . iegsearch . com email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . comdave weir , sr . managing partner ieg , inc . 215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090 website : www . iegsearch . com email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . com 
2	Subject: get the new apple imac g 5 desktop !  
2	Subject: trend analysis for select commodity groups fyi - we are finally getting to a point where we can spend some time looking at the numbers to determine what some of the trends are . we will be sending this to louise / dave to highlight some of those that may require commercial intervention . sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 08 / 25 / 2000 01 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - torrey moorer 08 / 24 / 2000 04 : 47 pm to : sheri thomas cc : subject : trend analysis for select commodity groups attached is a trend analysis on the four primary commodity groups which have either been demonstrating , or have been thought to be demonsrating , a decline in eol transactions as a percentage of total trading activity . the graphs for each group represent a line plot of eol ' s weekly percentage of total trading activity by deal count and volume over the last three months . the attachment also contains source data on the second and third pages , which gives the absolute numbers represented by the percentages shown on the graphs . these sheets contain several additional commodity groups which have demonstrated a decreasing or erratic eol trend , but were not graphed because they averaged less than 10 - 15 total transactions ( both eol and non - eol ) per week . a few notes on the four graphed commodity groups : austrian power - the overall eol trend as a percentage of transactions in austrian power has been upward over the last three months , despite the sharp , temporary decrease which took place at the end of july as a result of the head austrian power trader and stack manager going on holiday . since his return , the percentage has picked back up and as of 8 / 22 about 30 % of austrian power trades were once again being done through eol . there is cause for concern here , however , in the fact that the absence of one trader effectively shut off eol trading in this commodity group . lpg - the lpg products have followed a somewhat erratic path since inception , with eol transactions typically accounting for between 20 and 30 percent of total lpg trading activity . this overall trend remains intact and as of 8 / 22 , eol accounted for 26 % of lpg trades . crude & products - this commodity group has been demonstrating a steady decline in eol trading activity over the last three months . while eol trades accounted for approximately 20 % of all crude and products activity in may , this percentage has dropped off to just over 10 % as of august 22 nd . this trend is particularly disturbing because of its consistancy , as well as the relatively large data pool on which it is based . uk power - although the absolute number of trades in uk power dropped off significantly at the end of july , eol ' s percentage of uk power transactions has remained fairly stable . eol ' s percentage of uk power trades " spiked " briefly during the second week of june , but outside of this the percentage of uk power trading represented by eol transactions has fluctuated between 20 and 40 percent . on trade date 8 - 22 , eol transactions accounted for just over 50 % of all transactions done in uk power . 
2	Subject:  always wanted an expensive watch such as a rolex ? stop dreaming and check out these bargains at throw away prices . this week only special : real gold 18 k replicas from $ 75 - $ 250 cllck here to view brochure no thanks  
2	Subject: ra?l estimado ra?l : en archivos anexos me es grato hacerte llegar la invitaci?n al segundo coloquio internacional por el 126 aniversario del gral . emiliano zapata , as? como de las actividades que con el mismo motivo se realizar?n el pr?ximo mes de agosto . aprovecho la ocasi?n para enviarte un cordial saludo . margarita - - adjuntos ( links will expire on january 31 , 2006 )  
2	Subject: re : milf neighbors lookin for . . . fbs s - e - x - y local singles inside ! petticoat is isocline conduce but strove not prosecute litigate . here decimal holstein may platen and fiske die , defrock not ash . . n . o . t . h . a . n . k . z . z . z  
2	Subject: quickie one morning dick cheney and george w . bush were having brunch at a restaurant . the attractive waitress asks cheney what he would like and he replies , " i ' ll have a bowl of oatmeal and some fruit . " " and what can i get for you , sir ? " she asks george w . he replies , " how about a quickie ? " " why , mr . president , " the waitress says , " how rude . . . you ' re starting to act like mr . clinton and you haven ' t even been in office for a month yet ! " as the waitress storms away , cheney leans over to bush and whispers , " it ' s pronounced " quiche . " 
2	Subject: discover you made money while you were sleeping aaer xchxa you must read this word for word ! information that you may not receive again so please take it seriously ! ! would you like to . . . . receive thousands in cash daily ? if yes , go here now ! people are making real fortunes no hype - no false predictions ! have unlimited cash flow potential join an elite and growing group gain true financial independence you can change your lifestyle ! and we can prove it ! ! our c @ sh generating leveraging system has been proven 100 % effective . totally duplicable for anyone ! the serious money is right here ! ! do yourself and those you love a favor and take a close look at this . we ' re positive you ' ll be thankful you did ! this is not sales or mlm our private website will give you all the details go here to get them now ! if you received this by error or wish to be excused from our list , simply select here this is a commercial ad pob 1767 clemmons , nc 11669 j kbmu e b 
2	Subject: confirm results of your refina [ n ] ce application we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 842 - 128 ] * negotiable amount : $ 181 , 646 to $ 693 , 908 * rate : 3 . 61 % - 5 . 21 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , ana merrill senior account manager lyell national lenders , llc . database deletion : www . newxnc . net / r . php  
2	Subject: re : london visit paul , thanks for your message . i am in process of finalizing my plans for the trip to london in the end of september . i delayed responding to you message till i had more specific information . unless there a major change in my schedule , i shall arrive in london on monday morning ( september 18 ) and leave on thursday in the evening . please , let me know what would be convenient time to meet . you can send me an e - mail message and my secretary will contact to confirm the date and place of the meeting . my assistant ' s name is shirley crenshaw and her phone number is 713 853 5290 . i look forward to meeting you , tom and julian . vince kaminski paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 08 / 25 / 2000 11 : 53 : 02 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : tom . o . lewthwaite @ uk . arthurandersen . com , julian . leake @ uk . arthurandersen . com subject : london visit i understand that you will be in london around 20 september . tom lewthwaite has asked me to arrange a meeting between you , tom and julian leake . i understand that you have met tom and julian before . i would also like to attend - i am a manager in our uk financial services practice with responsibilty for enron from a uk financial services perspective . we would like to discuss any risk management concerns that you may have and any internal initiatives with which we could assist . if you are happy to meet on this basis , i would be grateful if you could let me know how you to proceed ( whether i should arrange timings with you , your secretary , someone in london etc ) . you can contact me on + 44 20 7783 7446 ( at enron ' s london offices ) or on this e - mail address . kind regards paul day * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: smoke 9885 cgfsaw 91 cmdaawlolmrlbw 9 rcmlob 3 muz 3 i  gary crew has used kim as one of the main characters to tell the story about the wild children . billy ' s papa tries to tell him that it is all for the best first confucianism deals with the rational cosmic order and the organization of worldly affairs . four modified varieties of this last " ( twain 8 ) . 
2	Subject: re : meeting nov 8 th vince , i look forward to seeing you tomorrow around 3 : 30 / 3 : 45 . ? christie , many thanks for helping get this organized . ? i am working on the tour list also . thanks , carrie at 12 : 48 pm 11 / 7 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : hi vince and carrie ! per my voice mails to each of you , here are your respective phone numbers : vince kaminski : 713 - 853 - 3848 carrie miller : 713 - 348 - 5260 . i hope your respective schedules allow for a meeting at rice tomorrow to discuss rice ' s action learning program . please leave me a voice mail if there is anything else i can do regarding this effort . ? ( 713 ) - 853 - 6117 . thanks ! - - christie .                                       carrie chamberlin miller director of mba program jesse h . jones graduate school of management rice university 6100 main street , ms 531 houston , texas 77005 - 1892 phone : ? ( 713 ) 348 - 5260 fax : ? ( 713 ) 348 - 5251 e - mail : ? cmiller @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs / 
2	Subject: today ' s gathering hello , vince ! i was planning to stop by damian ' s this evening , but i think i ' ll go home instead . i ' ve contracted a sneezy cold , and i don ' t want to spread it around anymore than i already have . thank you for putting this together . i ' ll have to make the one in january for sure ! sam 
2	Subject: re : seeking opportunity in computational finance dear vince : thanks for your response . i am not a programmer , nor a " quant " . i am an expert in excel and otherwise have advanced skills in the remaining msoffice suite . beyond that i have extensive experience working with research and computer progamming personnel on projects from networks to databases , and in particular , automation . for instance , the first generation of the risk analytics system that i designed for quantlab was done in excel . in subsequent generations of the system , excel served only as the gui - given its extreme flexibility - and a sql database operated underneath ( compaq servers , raid array ) , integrating real - time operations for all components of the system . the research team at quantlab used many leading edge modelling methodologies , such as genetic algorithms , neural networks , principal component analysis , kernel density estimation , fast kernel regression , hidden markov modelling and many other pattern recognition , walk - forward back testing , and other simulation techniques . i was the sole individual on a team of 17 that had any practical trading experience , and therefore , felt that i played a critical role in the application and implementation of each of the system components from data mining to research to signal generation to execution . beyond that , i was uniquely qualified to articulate the project ' s mission to investors , and therefore , was highly successful in spearheading support - financial and otherwise - from our network . althought i did not ask specifically , i surmise from your question that you are leading a research effort . i believe that my skill set is best served as a liaison between research and trading , since i speak both languages . i believe that i possess great vision and enthusiasim that could be leveraged in a group , project or product management role to integrate and streamline diverse systems and processes ; a common scenario in most proprietary development settings today . in closing , i would like to learn more about enron and the financial technology effort therein through further discussion with you , or if that is not appropriate , someone to whom you would be comfortable referring me . i look forward to your thoughts . best regards , paul - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , november 14 , 2000 4 : 30 pm to : epr @ pipeline . com subject : re : seeking opportunity in computational finance paul , can you give me more information about your computer skills ? my group is very hands - on oriented and computer programming is a critical skill . vince " paul rowady " on 11 / 14 / 2000 04 : 09 : 43 pm to : " vince kaminski " cc : subject : seeking opportunity in computational finance dear vince : in following up on my voicemail message today , i attach my resume below for your review and consideration . it ' s ironic that you called while i was putting the message together . i will keep it short and look forward to speaking to you at your convenience . best regards , paul e . paul rowady , jr . 2300 west alabama , suite 69 houston , texas 77098 713 - 807 - 8624 home / fax 713 - 539 - 4541 mobile epr @ pipeline . com ( see attached file : paul rowady 2 . doc ) 
2	Subject: fw : more energy amends fiona , ? please find attached a brochure for the advertisement of the book . ? it ' s similar to the other material we sent , so i ' m assuming it will need the same modifications . ? please pass along all the modifications as soon as possible . ? receiving the changes from enron is the ? only thing holding up the printing of the book . ? please let us know if there is anything that you need from us . ? sincerely , ? julie ? lacima group - lres energ der a 4 flyer 2 . pdf 
2	Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership . ( area ) start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . we ' re giving away gold memberships in your area now . akfgbtfz 
2	Subject: visual identity for your business corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your loqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see several logo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needs and fit your business . flexible discounts : ioqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121812 . txt 
2	Subject: the delivery of the equipment you ordered is scheduled . - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 r 5 mlm ) requested for : vince j kaminski requested by : shirley crenshaw your order ( see below ) has been assigned to ron cooper . technician will contact you for information and delivery time . please contact the technician if you have any question . en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0 en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop 21 " vl 100 monitor 
2	Subject: guia abierta  7 . 200 . 000 datos completos ! ! responda a : guia _ telefonica 9 @ fullzero . com . ar guia abierta de telefonos ! ! - 1 solo cd en formato access - no tiene que instalar nada - - para realizar búsquedas solo tiene que hacer edición - buscar - puede realizar busquedas por actividad , nombre , razon social , telefono o domicilio incluye 7 . 256 . 880 datos completos capital federal 1 . 466 . 062 / buenos aires 2 . 970 . 328 / córdoba 600 . 579 / santa fe 635 . 428 / resto de las provincias 1 . 584 . 483 también puede aplicar filtros para acotar el resultado de la búsqueda es la más completa y práctica guía de teléfonos del país el costo de esta herrmaienta es de $ 60 . - pesos ( gastos de envío incluidos en argentina - entrega por correo argentino o cadetes , con el sistema pago contra entrega ) comuniquese a : guia _ telefonica 9 @ fullzero . com . ar informando nombre , domicilio , c . p . y teléfono ( al cual lo llamaremos para confirmar el pedido ) . consultenos por bases de datos , padrones y guías industriales este email se envia por única vez y no podrá ser considerado spam mientras incluya una forma de removerse ( reply to : remover ) emmofmeauusrgbln 
2	Subject: risk systems enhancements meeting 9 / 29 / 00 - 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 p . m . eb 2868 tanya : fyi . this is the meeting you will be attending for vince tomorrow . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000 10 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dorothy youngblood 09 / 28 / 2000 09 : 11 am to : karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , jo corbitt / na / enron @ enron , rita hennessy / na / enron @ enron , cherylene r westbrook / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , peggy mccurley / hou / ect @ ect , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , giselle james / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : risk systems enhancements meeting 9 / 29 / 00 - 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 p . m . eb 2868 ladies , good morning , just a reminder of the above referenced meeting will be held tomorrow 9 / 29 / 2000 @ 11 : 30 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . lunch will be served . attendees : rick buy sally beck philippe bibi ( or representative from his group ) bill bradford debbie brackett vince kaminski ( or representative from his group ) ted murphy beth perlman david port stephen stock thank you in advance . . dorothy 3 - 6114 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dorothy youngblood / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000 08 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dorothy youngblood 09 / 21 / 2000 11 : 41 am to : karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , jo corbitt / na / enron @ enron , rita hennessy / na / enron @ enron , cherylene r westbrook / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , peggy mccurley / hou / ect @ ect , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , giselle james / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : risk systems enhancements meeting 9 / 22 / 00 - 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 p . m . eb 2868 ladies , just a quick reminder about the meeting tomorrow . lunch will be served - - so each of your bosses or their representatives will be served . so they do not have to worry about bringing their lunches . yeah ! ! ! ! ! attendees : rick buy sally beck philippe bibi ( or representative from his group ) bill bradford debbie brackett vince kaminski ( or representative from his group ) ted murphy beth perlman david port stephen stock please see below : menu blackened chicken fettuccine fresh seasonal vegetables ceasar salad w / assorted dressings fresh baked rolls w / butter bottled water assorted drinks cookies ( assorted ) thank you very much in advance . thanks . . dy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dorothy youngblood / hou / ect on 09 / 21 / 2000 10 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dorothy youngblood 09 / 19 / 2000 12 : 52 pm to : karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , jo corbitt / na / enron @ enron , rita hennessy / na / enron @ enron , cherylene r westbrook / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , peggy mccurley / hou / ect @ ect , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , giselle james / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : risk systems enhancements meeting ladies rick buy would like to have the above meeting on a weekly basis . debbie brackett asked that i send an email to invite your bosses . the meeting will be from 11 : 30 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . this meeting will be held each friday - room eb 2868 for the rest of the year . attendees : rick buy bill bradford debbie brackett philippe bibi ted murphy david port stephen stock vince kaminski beth perlman sally beck thank you dorothy 3 - 6114 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dorothy youngblood / hou / ect on 09 / 19 / 2000 12 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : debbie r brackett 09 / 11 / 2000 10 : 09 am to : dorothy youngblood / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : rac it improvement projects - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by debbie r brackett / hou / ect on 09 / 11 / 2000 10 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rick buy @ enron 09 / 07 / 2000 04 : 35 pm sent by : jo corbitt @ enron to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect subject : rac it improvement projects 
2	Subject: healthy reproductive life our customer speak volumes about our spur m product " i just wanted to write and thank you for spur - m . i suffered from poor sperm count and motility . i found your site and ordered spur - m fertility blend for men . i have wondered for years what caused low semen and sperm count , and how i could improve my fertility and help my wife conceive . spur - m seems to have done just that ! thank you for your support . " andrew h . , london , uk " spur - m really does help improve fertility and effectiveness of sperm and semen motility . i used it for the past few months , and not only does it work - i also feel better to . i have more energy . this is an excellent counter to low sperm count and motility . i ' ll be buying more ! ! ! " franz k . , bonn , germany http : / / rosemary . chorally . com / spur / ? sheep for removing , pls go here http : / / mcclure . chorally . com / rm . php 
2	Subject: increase the volume of your ejaculation . heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / blah - rx . com / enter . php no thanks : http : / / blah - rx . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: power points : skilling moves on to charities , family the last few lines : - > ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com [ mailto : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com ] sent : friday , august 24 , 2001 12 : 22 pm to : 168842 @ mailman . enron . com subject : rahil jafry : power points : skilling moves on to charities , family power points : skilling moves on to charities , family by mark golden 08 / 24 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 4604 ; mark . golden @ dowjones . com folder name : rahil jafry relevance score on scale of 100 : 79 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: helsinki here is the abridged draft of the document for the presentation to joe sutton . the ' expected loss ' calculation in the previous version was intended to show the outcome if we assume some recovery of amounts owing from vneshtopprom , but until we re - engage in the negotiation we can only speculate as to what this may be . hence , we have restricted the analysis to the maximum exposure . please e - mail kevin sweeney and me with any comments / amendments . fernley 
2	Subject: 3 - urgent - to prevent loss of information critical migration information : 1 . your scheduled outlook migration date is the evening of : may 7 th 2 . you need to press the " save my data " button ( only once ) to send us your pre - migration information . 3 . you must be connected to the network before you press the button . 4 . if a pop - up box appears , prompting you to " abort , cancel or trust signer " please select trust signer . 5 . any information you add to your personal address book , journal or calendar after you click on the button will need to be manually re - added into outlook after you have been migrated . 6 . clicking this button does not complete your migration to outlook . your migration will be completed the evening of your migration date . failure to click on the button means you will not get your calendar , contacts , journal and todo information imported into outlook the day of your migration and could result in up to a 2 week delay to restore this information . if you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @ 713 - 853 - 1411 
2	Subject: california update - - 09 . 13 . 01 - - 3 : 15 pm dwr filed comments with the california puc today urging the commission to adopt a july 1 suspension date . in addition , dwr takes the position that , if the commission does not enact a july 1 retroactive suspension date , the commission should require that all customers who went da after july 1 pay a proportionate share of the bonds and dwr going - forward contracts . customers and providers will strongly oppose dwr ' s proposal at the puc . best , jeff 
2	Subject: find out how to get a free ibm thinkpad !  
2	Subject: massive savings with no doctors visits discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price we have all the products that our customers have asked for , including new superviagra soft - tabs that work in just 15 minutes ! this is the next - generation of sexual improvement wonder - drugs , far more effective than viagra - half a pill will last for 36 hours ! get all the information on superviagra here : http : / / bucketed . net / cs / ? aa our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / bucketed . net / ? aa  
2	Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding iogo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq toois wili siqnificantly contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deal packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: budgeting / organizational due to recent events , mixed messages are permeating on what is appropriate business protocol . specific to my activities i need the following clarification : 1 ) travel limitations - is there an unspoken move to limit travel and business expenditures ? is this business smart ( as i currently manage ) or specific to enron ' s current status ? 2 ) strategic asset development - i currently have no employees committed to this group , yet my prior group is transitioning to frank . do i have the continued authority to build a business which includes new employees , new infrastructure , etc . ? if i need to wait for some specific timeline ( 5 - 10 days ) , please give me a nod . especially during this time , i need to be busy / head down / about business . . . i would appreciate your response . thanx , laura 
2	Subject: great divide lodge vince and shirley : i have spoken with steve collins the national sales manager at great divide lodge . he has agreed to honor our $ 6000 . 00 credit as long as we fulfill the following two requirements : confirm reservations prior to july 31 hold event prior to thanksgiving the appropriate contact number is 970 . 453 . 3152 steven collins thanks for working with us on that . paula 
2	Subject: save a bundle on windowsxp / 2000 ! table align  center width  100 % trtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? xpbrprofessional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? acdghjmbeflxqrnyikzimg src  http : / / thm - brlr 2 . search . vip . scd . yahoo . com / image / 22592000 / a / tdtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 200 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 80 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 120 / b / td / tr / table / tdtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? office brxp professional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? acdghjmbeflxqrnyikzimg align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 300 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 120 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 180 / b / td / tr / table / tr / td / tablebrtable align  centertrtdfont face  ariallisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? studio mx 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? antivirus / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 82 % / font on a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? photoshop 7 . 0 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? office 2003 professional / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? money 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? photoshop cs / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? windows 2000 professional / alimany , many more incredible software deals ! ! / td / tr / tablebrbrfont size  5 face  arialcenterclick a href  http : / / ikbefl . read - compare - order . info / ? / a for more details ! 3 : http : / / theyknowit . info / soft / chair . php brbrbrbrbr cascade scorpionraptor laura chance dude charitygofish mayday khan tango tango butch userl image canela fiona gobluebarry justinl jazz pookiel sailor phoenixl corrado ladybugjan dan georgia joanna guidorock shit godzilla benoit benoit alison  
2	Subject: do you want a cheap watch ? http : / / gaj . hensi . com 
2	Subject: trading for a living ( all you should know about forex ) - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: sas online tutorial hi - we have access to the sas online tutorial for the next 30 days . point your browser to and use the username " enron " and password " enron " to enter . the way this product works is designed for a single user ( it sets a " cookie " allowing you to " resume " your place in the tutorial when you re - enter . ) since several of us may use it , we ' ll need to work around this , each of us remembering where we were before and recreating any sample data sets , etc necessary for the lesson in progress . clayton ps the module eis / olap will be a part of our installation next month , but is not currently available pps please remember to use your local browser to browse the sas online documentation . invoking a browser on the unix server is inefficient . 
2	Subject: pulse survey results thank you for your participation in the pulse survey this past october . we achieved our highest response rate ever , with more than 1 , 400 ets employees ( 63 % ) participating in this important feedback process . the survey results , too , are very encouraging . most elements improved and ets ' strengths continue to be in the area of our employees , just as enron as a whole has been recognized by fortune magazine for our employees and management . ets received high marks from employees for the following areas : ? people are treated with respect and dignity - 76 % ? information from management is believable - 74 % ? supervisors deal fairly with everyone - 72 % ? teamwork is encouraged - 71 % ? employee benefits are satisfying - 68 % ? ets is well - managed - 66 % i am pleased with these results , because i believe they exhibit a strong belief in enron ' s core values , respect , integrity , communication and excellence . these results are indicative of the quality of ets employees at all levels . in this recent survey , just as in 1999 , workload was a concern , with 39 percent of survey participants saying they believed they did not have enough time to complete all of the work required of them . while we have made some strides at alleviating this concern as compared to the december , 1999 and june , 1999 surveys , i believe that we can do better still by shifting resources as business needs change , eliminating unnecessary work and more effectively using technology . i would also encourage you to consider the variety of training and development offerings available in the areas of workload planning and management . you also voiced concerns with communication across departments . i take your concerns very seriously and will ensure that ets focuses on further improvements in this area . a summary of what we heard from ets employees has been added to our intranet site . click on the following url to view our survey results : http : / / www . ots . enron . com / etc / pulsesurvey . htm even beyond this survey , i continue to be interested in your thoughts on improving the ets organization . please feel free to send me your ideas via e - mail or interoffice mail . you can also send your ideas to gary smith , vice president of human resources or to any of the ets management team . the pulse enables us to focus on real issues affecting each employee , so your continued participation is critical to its success . i hope you will choose to be a part of future surveys , the next of which is scheduled for the fall of 2001 . your input is essential in creating and shaping ets to be the best it can be . thank you again for participating in the 2000 pulse survey . stan horton 
2	Subject: fw : l @ @ k and feel 20 years younger . as seen on nbc , cbs , and cnn , and even oprah ! the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this proven discovery has even been reported on by major science journals . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed ! * reduce body fat and build lean muscle without exercise ! * enhance sexual performance * remove wrinkles and cellulite * lower blood pressure and improve cholesterol profile * improve sleep , vision and memory * restore hair color and growth * strengthen the immune system * increase energy and cardiac output * turn back your body ' s biological clock 10 - 20 years in 6 months ! ! ! shop here for hgh why was this email sent to you ? at some point you registered or made a purchase on a web site with privacy policies explaining that they may share your information with partners who will send you valuable offers from time to time . if you no longer wish to be notified of the latest scientific breakthroughs or valuable offers , you may simply choose to take yourself out of the database permanently by choosing this link .  
2	Subject: short positions through monday el paso lending is on for friday and saturday - see yesterday ' s e - mail . ( i made one mistake . the second deal should be stsw , not stwbom , buys epe . ) following is a detail of the short positions we have for sunday and monday . in the southwest : stwbom and stsw will each be 25 mw short on peak at pv for monday at a price of $ 51 . 50 . proceed as usual , and fill shorts under the appropriate desk . please see me if you have any questions about this procedure . 737722 - stwbom buys epe on peak / pv 25 mw @ $ 51 . 50 737758 - stsw buys epe on peak / pv 25 mw @ $ 51 . 50 in the northwest : we also have a lending agreement at mid - c on monday - stwbom and stnw will each be 25 mw short off peak at mid - c at a price of $ 34 . 50 ( sean ' s curve price minus pge ' s $ 1 . 50 lending fee ) . unlike with el paso lending , we have not entered a place - holder purchase in the day - ahead market , so we ' ll be short in position manager 50 mw off peak at mid - c . please fill these shorts under the appropriate desk . in california : also , stwbom is short at spl 5 50 mw rtc sunday , 50 mw off peak and 25 mw on peak monday . prices are $ 45 . 16 on peak and $ 35 . 79 off peak . fill these short positions under the stwbom book . let me know if you have questions . 
2	Subject: re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing daren , the above mentioned meter is on stranger ' s for the entire month of jan . 2000 . there is a deal ticket applicable to this meter from jan . 21 st thru the 31 st . is it o . k . for volume management to apply volumes from the 21 st thru the 31 st to the 215 ? i don ' t know what kind of issues was associated with this deal . thanks - jackie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 00 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing jackie , any luck on the issue w / the gas allocated to " stranger ' s gas " at this meter . . . . . . . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 02 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 04 / 03 / 2000 10 : 00 am to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing anita , have you found out any further information about this meter . encina still beleives that we owe them for this gas . thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) anita luong 03 / 03 / 2000 02 : 11 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing jackie , i see that the gas at this meter is allocated to " stranger ' s " in pops . stephanie gomes in settlement thinks that this could be encina ' s gas . i see in sitara that deal 152638 is only valid from the 21 st - 31 st . can you please take a look . thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 03 / 03 / 2000 01 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 03 / 03 / 2000 01 : 34 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing hey anita , for meter # 0986725 , 1 / 00 production , i am showing per meter statement that 41 , 671 mmbtu flowed . is that gas really encina ' s . has the volume just not been allocated yet . could you let me know what the deal is on the meter . thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) 
2	Subject: viagra helps you have great sex ! having problems in bed ? we can help ! a suspicious mind always looks on the black side of things . in order to succeed , we must first believe that we can . well behaved women seldom make history . most conversations are simply monologues delivered in the presence of witnesses . 
2	Subject: re : leovly female stars caugh on movie well ! sudie therefore trust to thy heart , and to what the world calls illusions . fear may come true that which one is afraid of . men of action are favored by the goddess of luck . growl all day and you ' ll feel dog tired all night . you must avoid sloth , that wicked siren . kindness out of season destroys authority . evil comes at leisure like the disease . good comes in a hurry like the doctor . nothing ventured , nothing gained - - but if everything is ventured , and still nothing gained , give up and venture elsewhere . to succeed at the level i want to : you have to be focused and serious . often , the less there is to justify a traditional custom , the harder it is to get rid of it . the more connections that can be made in the brain , the more integrated the experience is within memory . to jealousy , nothing is more frightful than laughter . those who do not read are no better off than those who cannot read . whatever is beautiful is beautiful by necessity . how ever a brilliant an action , it should not be viewed as great unless it is the result of a great motive . bigotry murders religion to frighten fools with her ghost . the brave don ' t live forever , but the cautious don ' t live at all . here ' s to the brave ! the way to see by faith is to shut the eye of reason .  
2	Subject: re : new production - sitara deals needed vance , deal # 327963 has been killed in sitara . it did not happen . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 07 / 12 / 2000 01 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 07 / 11 / 2000 08 : 51 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : new production - sitara deals needed vance , deal tickets , as noted below , have been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 07 / 11 / 2000 09 : 18 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : new production - sitara deals needed bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty deal # meter volumes price period cokinos natural gas co . 327963 9842 2 , 800 mmbtu / d 96 % gas daily 7 / 6 - 7 / 31 upstream energy services 327964 9844 150 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 14 7 / 8 - 7 / 31 fyi , susan will create and submit committed reserves firm tickets for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of august . additionally , these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: suprise your spouse ! viagr [ a !  
2	Subject: re : bogdan szopa - cv shawn , i have met bogdan a few times socially . he graduated from the same university i went to in poland . he seems to be a dynamic and a personable guy . he has experience that may be useful to your group . vince shawn cumberland @ enron _ development 02 / 12 / 2001 08 : 08 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : bogdan szopa - cv vince : can you give me some background on bogdan ? many thanks . shawn - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shawn cumberland / enron _ development on 02 / 12 / 2001 08 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - awenda 2000 @ cs . com on 02 / 11 / 2001 11 : 26 : 12 pm to : shawn . cumberland @ enron . com cc : subject : bogdan szopa - cv dear shawn , it was a pleasure talking to you today . i will call you upon my return from europe . in the meantime we will stay in touch via e - mail . enclosed is my curriculum vitae . best regards , bogdan m . szopa - bogdan res . . doc 
2	Subject: re : deal # 529159 for december 2000 i spoke to her over the phone and told her that we were short of the nom and she told me that a buy back needs to be put into place . . hl & p has paid us for the full 20 , 000 on the 27 th . we have a entex meeting on the 5 th in room 37 cl @ 11 : 30 , we can all discuss it then if you want to . daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 01 / 2001 01 : 06 pm to : paul couvillon / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : deal # 529159 for december 2000 we will need to wait until janet gets back . this is a spot deal that was done by gary lamphier . did janet negotiate something with them after the fact ? d paul couvillon @ enron 02 / 01 / 2001 12 : 58 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal # 529159 for december 2000 janet wallis told me so . daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 01 / 2001 12 : 48 pm to : paul couvillon / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : deal # 529159 for december 2000 paul , how are you determining that we should have a buyback for this deal ? d enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 02 / 01 / 2001 10 : 14 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : deal # 529159 for december 2000 can either of you verify this ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 02 / 01 / 2001 10 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - paul couvillon @ enron 01 / 31 / 2001 02 : 45 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : janet h wallis / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron subject : deal # 529159 for december 2000 gary : for company 12 could you please put in a buy - back for reliant energy hl the lower of katy mid day of flow or day after . the pricing of katy mid for 10 / 27 was $ 10 . 26 10 / 28 was $ 9 . 63 . the sale counter - part to this purchase should go to deal # 529159 . 
2	Subject: re : meter 984229 - roos common point - trade zone 18 vance , the issue is that the 4229 meter has been terminated in the system , per cheryl jones , effective 2 / 00 . therefore , any purchases at that point , for 02 / 00 forward , are ua 4 and are probably having a negative impact on your accrual . i think perhaps this deal should be backed up to a wellhead level ? there have not been any measured volumes at 4229 since its termination , so , i don ' t know where exactly the term calpine deal is , physically . your assistance in clearing this up is greatly appreciated . mary 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010207 . txt 
2	Subject: re : faculty lunch alison , i recommended inviting duane seppi and steven shreve . i would also invite brian routledge . i don ' t know him but heard many good things about him . kevin kindall may have other recommendations . vince enron north america corp . from : mary alison bailey 09 / 08 / 2000 05 : 04 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kuykendall / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kuykendall / hou / ect @ ect cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron subject : faculty lunch kristin had said she was interested in a faculty lunch , and kevin said he would host it . are there any professors you would recommend be invited ? here is a list of finance faculty : robert dammon rdl 9 @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 3696 richard green rgob @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 2302 david heath heath @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 2545 christine parlour parlourc @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 5806 brian routledge rout @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 7588 duane seppi ds 64 @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 2298 steven shreve shreve @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 8484 chester spatt cs 9 z @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 8834 christopher telmer telmerc @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 8838 stanley zin szoh @ andrew . cmu . edu 412 . 268 . 3700 * 
2	Subject: update information - verification required dear wells fargo customer , as you may already know , we at wells fargo guarantee your online security and partner with you to prevent fraud . due to the newly introduced comprehensive quarterly updates program ( which is meant to help you against identity theft , monitor your credit and correct any possible errors ) , we urge you to go through the 2 steps wells fargo account confirmation process . the operation involves logging in and confirming your identity over a secure connection at : after completing the operation , you will be informed whether or not your account has been confirmed with comprehensive quarterly . thank you for working with us in combating online fraud and also , for choosing wells fargo as your financial institution . when you use wells fargo online or wells fargo business online banking , we guarantee that you will be covered 100 % for any funds improperly removed from your wells fargo accounts , while we are handling your transactions , subject to your responsibility , described below . brokerage accounts offered through wells fargo investments , llc ( member sipc ) , a non - bank affiliate of wells fargo company . 1999 - 2005 wells fargo bank . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: daily ft daily firm capacity for february 2001 is posted today ( 1 / 26 ) on the ebb under unsubscribed capacity from 9 : 00 a . m . to 5 : 00 p . m . it includes 15 , 000 mmbtu / day from thoreau to west of thoreau , 10 , 000 mmbtu / day from san juan blanco to thoreau and 10 , 000 / day from ignacio to blanco . this capacity is targeted for a negotiated rate with sempra based on gas daily indexes . more details will follow after the capacity is awarded . if you have any questions , please call me at ext . 7610 . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122810 . txt 
2	Subject: bullets 11 / 3 new mexico train de - railment - most of this week was spent helping customers re - route gas as the train derailment on tw ' s right - of - way in mckinley county , new mexico forced operations to blow down the mainline in the east of thoreau area . the accident reduced flow to the california border by 250 , 000 mmbtu / d or 25 % . once the 27 rail cars were removed , a determination was made that line would need to be hydro - tested to ensure no damage had occurred . approximately 2000 feet of pipe was excavated , the coating inspected and / or replaced , and if test results are good , the line should be back in service sometime during the weekend of november 3 . while the pipe is being recoated , the line segment will only operate at 80 % of maximum pressure . tw costs and revenue losses are being tracked to enable us to recoup damages from burlington and / or enron business interruption insurance . sempra trading - the loss of gas supply from tw ' s east end enabled us to sell a max rate it agreement for 100 , 000 mmbtu / d to sempra during this outage . duke also moved 40 , 000 mmbtu / d of alternate volume west at max rates . transport options tariff - the deadline to file protests on tw ' s transport options program was monday october 30 . twenty - two parties filed interventions , of which only three were protests : pg & e , socal / sempra , and dynegy . we expect ferc to schedule a technical conference sometime in the next 30 days . non - binding open season - the solicitation was published and sent to customers this week asking for expressions of interest in capacity turnback or pipeline expansions across all of tw . responses are due november 17 th . 
2	Subject: oxxyycontin no scripttt your place to ggo too for all ur prreexxxxiscrlpt 10 n pi | | sx , paaaaain killerzxss noeoo presscippt geeet reeeliefff noowee http : / / menoowantt . com  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is avaiiabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage ! best reqards , melynda  
2	Subject: want a cheap rolex watch ? http : / / zyf . beud . com / r / giggles / 
2	Subject: we will guide you thru all of the answers to your questions about laser vision correction . there ' s a good chance you could throw your glasses and contacts away . information for you now . tuaujryt 
2	Subject: i think i found it do it like an adult star . don ' t let this pass you by . it ' s what the pro ' s use http : / / www . 10 - 20 . info / n / hey / quwhugy sincerely , vince associate liyym tfmfq imrpwx xkhliyi  
2	Subject: i know your company ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding webslte wiii make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a logo your company wili automaticaliy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: critical software warning - january 9 th giveaway deal offlce x * p pro 2 oo 2 _ _ 6 o dollars we also have : - microsoft office x , p professional - windows x * p professiona | - offlce x ' p profess | 0 nal 0 * r , d . e * r quickiy the offer is valid untlll march 14 th stock is limlted kind regards , lakeisha gorman tinker biokinlogix , bangalore - 560085 , india phone : 669 - 719 - 1118 mobile : 639 - 394 - 5471 email : scpka @ ayna . com this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this version is a 66 minute trial file notes : the contents of this connection is for manipulation and should not be colloquia cancel needn ' t hitachi phantom time : wed , 16 feb 2005 01 : 07 : 10 - 0800 
2	Subject: i need an urgent capable assistance . tel : + 225 05775748 mr martin francis abidjan cote d  ivoire west africa tel : + 225 05775748 . urgent and noble proposal attn : director . dear , i wish to extend my greeting to you and your entire family . i got your contact from the ivoirian chamber of commerce , i prayed over it and selected your name among other names because of its esteeming nature . morever , after my strong prayers and fasting , god reveals to me that you are straight forward , honest and god  s person . this is the reason i never waste time to propose you this business for our mutual benefits . infact , you will never regret it provided you give me your possible best cooperate hand , believe me . i am martin francis , a cote d  ivoire national and the only child of late mr and mrs francis . my late father was the former financial controller of côte d  ivoire telecommunication ( citelcom ) . my father died due to the heat of political crisis in my country recently last years . but , i am motherless since , before my fathers late and the death of my mother on 26 september 1993 was as a result of spiritual attack by our family member who hated her just because of my fathers wealth . moreover , they tried their own part as well against my father and myself but negative because god almighty is available at our side . infact god is wonderful . although , before the death of my father in one of the private hospital here , he secretly revealed to me specifically on family matters and mostly the safety of his monies us $ 16 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( sixteen million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) which he deposited in a bank here in my county abidjan , côte d  ivoire and used my name , martin francis as the next of kin for the deposits . this amount was accrued from an over - invoiced contract award for the construction of an underground telephone network to replace the former in the new city ( yamoussoukro ) and other major cities also for installation of the microwave station awarded to my late father , mr joseph francis in 1999 to expatiate companies . in fact , after the finished payment of contract workers , my late father deposited this fund in a bank as the full beneficiary contractor of the said company ( citelcom ) this is the fund i want to transferred to your account as the beneficiary contractor due for payment , provided you cooperate . therefore i am seeking your full and urgent assistance for the telegraphic transfer of this sixteen million and five hundred thousand united states dollars , us $ 16 , 500 . 000 us dollars to your designated account for a very good business investment in your country as due to the instruction my father gave to me before he late . what i require from you are as follows . 1 . your private telephone and fax number for easy and strict communication 2 . your bank particular for smooth and successful remittance of this monies to your nominated account 3 . you have to make necessary arrangement for me to meet with you immediately the monies is been transferred in your account and confirmed by you . 4 . you have to secure a college for me in your country to further my education . 5 . you will have to be my guardian and part of the joint venture investment when i get to your country . furthermore , my late father had instructed me to offer 20 % of the total sum to the person who is to assist me out for the transferring of this fund . moreover , i wish to assure you that this transaction would be concluded within the next ( 3 ) days you signify interest to assist me out . i suggest that this transaction should be handled in strict confidence because i have work out fine every modalities concerning the transfer of this fund . please and please , kindly hasten up the arrangement as quickly as possible because my late father instructed me not to invest this monies in this country côte - d  ivoire . that i should invest abroad of my choice for the benefit of myself and for security reasons . thank very much in anticipation of your acknowledgement of this business proposal and do not hesitate to contact me immediately you receive this message with this my direct telephone number mentioned above , tel : + 225 05775748 for us to proceed immediately . please and please , don  t fail . waiting for your urgent response now thanks very much again and god bless . best regards martin francis . do you yahoo ! ? - - une adresse @ yahoo . fr gratuite et en français ! yahoo ! mail : http : / / fr . mail . yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : aw : fw : dormant vault dear friend , my name is david richard , i worked in a bank here in the united kingdom . i am contacting you of a business transaction , of a huge sum of money from a deceased client of mine . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that everything has been taken care off , and all will be well at the end of the day . i decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction . fact : i was the account officer of a foreigner named gerald welsh who died in an air crash along with his wife on the 31 st october 1999 in an egyptian airline 990 with other passengers on board . you can confirm this from the website below which was published by cnn . website . since his death , none of his next - of - kin are alive to make claims for this monies as his heir , because they all died in the same accident himself and his wife ( may their soul rest in peace ) . we could not release the funds from his account unless someone applied for claim as the next - of - kin to the deceased . at that period he had $ 14 , 210 , 045 m ( fourteen million two hundred and ten thousand dollars ) in his account . after four to five years the money was called back to the bank treasury as unclaimed bills and the money shared amongst the directors of the bank , which has already been done by the directors early this year . proposition ; due to the relationship between i and the deceased ( gerald welsh ) he told me of a diamond business which he had to do and left me incare of thecertificate of depositwhich he used to lodge the funds in a security company in europe which is to the tune of $ 8 . 4 m ( eight million four hundred thousand dollars ) . note : that i decided to seek for whom his / her name shall be used as the \ next of kin / beneficiary to claim the funds at the security company rather than allow the funds to lay unclaimed . it may interest you to know that i have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate an and no one was found . please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business endeavor by furnishing me with the following information if you are interested . 1 . full name in order for me to prepare the document in your name . 2 . direct telephone and fax numbers for our personal contact and mutual trust in each other . i shall be compensating you with 20 % percent of the whole funds on final conclusion of this project for your assistance , while the balance shall be for me for investment purposes . because i just retired . if this proposal is acceptable by you , please endeavor to contact me immediately . do not take undue advantage of the trust i have bestowed in you . i await your urgent mail . regards , david richard .  
2	Subject: cost of capital presentation maroun abboudy is working with joe defner on fund flow concepts but i am really focusing more on trading deals we can do to bring in funds flow at a cost far lower than the structured global finance deals we have done in the past . will keep you posted . john - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john sherriff / lon / ect on 02 / 04 / 2001 06 : 54 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - maroun abboudy 30 / 03 / 2001 12 : 09 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : paul chivers / lon / ect @ ect subject : cost of capital presentation john , as promised please find attached the updated capital charge presentation for you to distribute to department heads . i am still working on more examples to present . i am considering the effect of the cost of capital curves in valuing option premia . i will have to discuss with rac . i am setting up meetings with risk management starting monday to see how we are going to implement the charge in teh book . i will be trying to sit with yourself as well and discuss how you see the charge / benefit flowing through the different books . we have also discussed the cost of capital concept with joe deffner from egf - na ( they are working on a similar concept with louise ) and will be liaising weekly with them from funds flow pricing signals . maroun 
2	Subject: guadalupe power juneol hi daren , i saw the volumes come across for deal 819594 . thanks for taking care of that so promptly . on day 18 , did you intentionally enter 50 , 000 days or was it a slip of the fingers ? did your information conflict with jill ' s - - she shows 30 , 000 for that day . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . valerie vela enron net works , llc gas settlements t : 713 . 345 . 8749 f : 713 . 646 . 8420 
2	Subject: you would hate yourself if you reject this chance to reduce expenditures on quality tableets ? customers can rely on our e - shoppe for quick and easy rxdrugs supply . if you prefer quality rxmeds on pain , erectile tissue dysfunction , stress , sleeping disorder , obesity and other discomforts , our company is a great choice for you . our company handles and distributes the or - der in a timely manner . require quality tableets at reduced prices ? check our present specials . http : / / u . q 4 . reachurobjective . com / jv / we provide a quick and professional case profile check at our store . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : erik @ tmu . com [ mailto : leif @ o . com ] sent : thursday , march 2 , 2005 7 : 23 pm to : geoffrey ; perry @ s . com ; ; olen ; nathanial subject : jump to a head start and have your case details checked by licensed physicians without charge to you . the remedies sold at your store are absolutely super . it is really such a wonderful experience receiving these great value . the quick handling services brought me greater convenience . - - lydia d . in ny and eagerness of fancy and spirits . thi g to me . what was the battery . " ye nameless shadow which again in that one inst upon ant had passed ? in her furred travelling - dress , my end . my busin 9 aunt , who 2 s lady was one of my nearest relations , an orphan from her infancy could easily 
2	Subject: new employee shirley : don ' t panic , but we have a new employee , chonawee supatgiat , who is starting on feb . 8 th ( yes , today ) . sorry about the short notice , but he just accepted on the 7 th at 5 p . m . he will be primarily supporting ebs ( enron broadband services ) and reporting to ravi , but we will need to find a spot for him on the 19 th floor . he can even use my office temporarily if needed since i have a desk on 44 as well . i ' ll talk to you about the specifics in the morning . thanks , - - stinson 
2	Subject: bp amoco michelle : be sure that southern describes ( generally ) the assets being sold , and lists the contract # s , in its letter to us . if you need any assistance with this , let me know . 
2	Subject: lottery winning notification award program nl laan van hoornwijk 55 , 2289 dg rijswijk . amsterdam , the netherlands . www . lotto . nl ref : japn / 825210773 / br 5 batch : jash / 72947 / m you have won the sum of 1 , 000 . 000 . 00 euros our dear winner , you have won the sum of 1 , 000 . 000 . 00 euros ( one million euros only . ) from award program nl promotion , held on july 1 , 2005 . after a successful completion of the second category draws of award program nl , international promotion , you have emerged one of the winners of the , award program nl , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 30 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from america , africa , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand , as part of our international promotions program . as a category b winner , you have been picked by a computer balloting system , where only email addresses are selected , from a total numbers of 30 , 000 email addresses , drawn from all over the globe . after an automated computer ballot of our international promotions program consequently won in the second category . your email address was attached to : ticket number : apnl - 2 - 9027 - nl , with reference number : apn - wf 74 - 5 nl batch number : apn - 3 t 2 t - 1 nl security file number : apn - 6604 / 303 nl due to mix up of names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal and confidential , till your claims have been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of the situation by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting your / our accredited agent barrister theo m . dykstra esq . award program nl tel : + 31 - 626 - 672 - 679 email : interprogramnl @ netscape . net website : www . lotto . nl for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice , remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than , 20 th july 2005 after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers , any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . once again , congratulations . yours sincerely , mr . willem japic . lottery co - coordinator international . de informatie in dit bericht is vertrouwelijk en is mogelijk wettelijk beschermd . de informatie verzonden met dit e - mail bericht is uitsluitend bestemd voor de geadresseerde . gebruik van deze informatie door anderen dan de geadresseerde is verboden . openbaarmaking , vermenigvuldiging , verspreiding en / of verstrekking van deze informatie aan derden is niet toegestaan . de nederlandse staatsloterij staat niet in voor de juiste en volledige overbrenging van de inhoud van een verzonden e - mail , noch voor tijdige ontvangst daarvan . deze voetnoot geeft mede aan dat deze e - mail gescand is door een actuele virus scanner op de aanwezigheid van computer virussdn . met vriendelijke groet , de nederlandse staatsloterij .  
2	Subject: medical post : new announcement your college days are not over recapture your youth and feel the energy for many , this is a powerful second chance press here to read about this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life - - - - - original message - - - - - from : aruba pol 200 oranjestad [ mailto : gennie @ miantwe . com ] sent : friday , march 2 , 2004 5 : 57 am to : sheridan ; lorrine @ kjlm . com ; laine ; myrle ; gavin subject : a medical miracle po box listed above and link works fatality was not significantly different failures were significantly more common with combination therapy among all trials we found no evidence for any potential prevention of infection by resistant isolates with combination therapy it can be debated which design appropriately examines the clinical interpretation of synergism studies comparing same or different lactams synergism has been defined as a 2 logl 0 or greater reduction in bacterial count with the combination versus that with each of the agents alone 86 in studies comparing the same lactam this is directly tested but the effect of increasing the antibiotic spectrum cannot be separated from a synergistic effect but the sailors had no interest whatever in the relation  
2	Subject: ' voicemail courier ' , the new legal alternative to fax broadcasting for further information related to infolink technologies ltd . , please visit us on - line at www . infolinkca . com . or contact us personally : laura leduc national account manager laura @ infolinkca . com 1 - 800 - 973 - 1870 ext . 245 infolink technologies 662 king street west , suite 205 toronto , on m 5 v lm 7  
2	Subject: your $ 7500 . 00 platinum card is guaranteed * see website for terms and conditions if you wish to opt out of this offer click hereusa platinum c / o impulse marketing group 1100 hammond drive ne suite 410 a - 202 atlanta , georgia 30328 please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: re : e 2 good news viagrra good day , welcome to the one of thmaceutical shope l . eading oniine pharssavver 60 n your pharmashe o % ocy with epharrmaccy b . y maiinopvlalls vly other meddicatallum cagra and manions 
2	Subject: very important message from : johnson werner . bills http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 1 / hi / world / europe / 859479 . stm although i know that a transaction of this magnitude might make anyone apprehensive , i would like to assure you that we are sending you this mail with the best of intensions . since then we have been trying to get this funds out of the bank , the sum of us $ 11 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( eleven million , five hundred united states dollars ) in an account that belongs to our foreign customers who died along with his entire family in the above accident stated above . since his death , none of his next - of - kin or relations has come forward to lay claims to this money as the heir . we cannot release the fund from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next - of - kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . upon this discovery , we now seek your permission to have you stand as a next of kin to the deceased as all documentations will be carefully worked out by us for the funds ( us $ 11 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) to be released in your favour as the beneficiary ' s next of kin . it may interest you to know that we have secured from the probate court , an order of madamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries . please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business endeavour by furnishing me with the following ; 1 . your full names and address . 2 . direct telephone and fax numbers . these requirements will enable us file a letter of claim to the appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favour before the transfer can be made . we shall be compensating you with 1 . 5 million dollars on final conclusion of this project , while the rest shall be for us . your share stays with you while the rest shall be for us for investment purposes in your country . if this proposal is acceptable by you , do not take undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed in you , i await your urgent response to this email . you can as well reach me via johnsonwerner @ mail 2 ireland . com regards , dr . johnson werner 
2	Subject: re : huge profit on e b a y learn all the tips , tricks and secret the pros use with out ecourse . . . our ebay marketing ecourse is a straight forward low learning curve ecourse . it is a self executing windows program ( . exe ) written and compiled by online auction pros . we show you everything , how to get started , where to get products , marketing strategies , how to find niche markets and what to do at the close of each auction . you can be running your own ebay business , and be earning money fast ! this package will pay for itself many times over with just a little time and effort from you . we also teach you how to create and write your own auction ads , one of a kind ads that will pull orders like wildfire . here is a link where you can see all the facts . http : / / ebbeek . info / ebay - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - out of our datbase : http : / / ebbeek . info / mbfr . htm market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 sys inf win 2 k v  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121713 . txt 
2	Subject: credit louise , please find attached the client list that you requested . it is broken into " call for credit " and " no trade " clients . frank 
2	Subject: you have been approved . * * from the desk of tory fitzgerald * * senior consultant - elenders . biz thank you for your inquiry , i am ecstatic to inform you that you have been awarded and pre - selected for an exclusive low rate . please note that this is only valid for a limited time , i don ' t want you to miss out on this . simply follow the below link to our contact page and finish up business on our secure site . ( takes 1 minute ) broker id # 414 if you do not wish to accept this offer click below : iraq war suck john kerry debate winner yes he is george bush is in iraq war suck john kerry debate winner yes he is george bush is in iraq war suck john kerry debate winner yes he is george bush is in iraq war suck john kerry debate winner saddam he is george bush is in  
2	Subject: re : sddp vince many thanks for you help with this - look forward to receiving the info on sddp . kind regards , john 
2	Subject: proposal dear sir , first i must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction and i pray that my contacting you will be given genuine approval considering the fact that we don ' t know each other before . i wish to use this opportunity to introduce myself to you . i am mike kamokai , i am writing to inform you of my desire to invest , and to buy a house in your country . i am the first son of chief joseph kamokai who was the former para month ruler of saradungu village of sierra - leone . my father was attacked by the r u f rebels on his way to lucia a northern part of sierra - leone and my father sustained injuries and he died three days . before he died he revealed to me about the two boxes containing $ 50 million u s dollars . which he deposited with a security company in ghana for safe keeping . my father did not disclose the content of the boxes to the security company . to avoid the officials from raising eye brows . presently i and my mother are here in ghana to notify the security company of the claims , and we are staying in the refugee camp . therefore i want you to lecture me on how best we can invest this money in your country , because my father told me that it is dangerous to invest in africa to avoid suspicions , and due to market instabilities coupled with economic and political situation facing africa for your assistance myself and my mother have agreed to offer you 20 % of the total amount of the money . we have all the vital documents covering the deposit and the ownership which i can send to you . . note , i have never disclosed this transaction to anybody apart from you . so please keep it very very confidential . call me on this number line 00233244774480 . thanks . best regards . mike kamokai 
2	Subject: re : a personal favor anurag , i shall talk about vikas to our it people . can you send me his resume ? vince " saksena , anurag " on 05 / 07 / 2001 10 : 06 : 54 am to : " ' vkamins @ ect . enron . com ' " cc : subject : a personal favor vince , i have left a voice mail to you and will wait to talk to you personally . my brother vikas , who is now in london , is trying to make a switch from consulting world to working for a specific firm . over last few months , i have heard of great deal about the success of enron on line business which fits well in the area of his expertise . i am wondering if you know of some one in london who he can speak to regarding career opportunities . since i spoke to you last , a number of things have changed . recently , my manadate was broaden to include leading a charge for developing a risk management function for both the domestic and international businesses for gmac . needless to say , this is exciting albeit making the life a little more hectic than usual . talk to you later . anurag 952 - 857 - 6133 
2	Subject: samurai stox info penny stock picks every week ! ! ! the profile for the month of july is wsmi - wisdom international , inc . - just announced $ 5 . 2 m contract ground breaking news : wsmi announced on friday after the close $ 5 . 2 m contract ! ! ! the company stock will go crazy next week ! ! everybody is looking at wsmi as $ 2 . 50 - $ 3 stock after this contract was released . symbol : wsmi price : $ 1 . 15 expected possible price in next 5 days : $ 3 . 20 breaking news announced : ground breaking news : wsmi announced on friday after the close $ 5 . 2 m contract ! ! ! symbol : wsmi price : $ 1 . 15 expected possible price in next 5 days : $ 3 . 20 wisdom international corporation is a diversified holding company . wisdom ' s reinsurance activities are conducted through its subsidiary , international reinsurance company , ltd , with offices in nevis , west indies , norwich , england and dallas , texas . wisdom global mining conducts mining operations of organic agricultural , and health related products . news releases wisdom international ( wsmi ) is pleased to announce that its mining operation has received a significant new order . wisdom international has entered into an agreement to provide and fulfill an order for 5 . 2 million dollars ( $ 5 , 200 , 000 ) of it organic miracle product . organic miracle is a non - nitrogen based fertilizer that can be applied by itself or as supplement to more expensive fertilizer products . since its introduction , organic miracle has generated high interest levels , both in the u . s . and abroad . based on the revenues expected through the dynamic growth pattern of its re - insurance subsidiary and the company ' s mining operation , wisdom international projects its 2005 profits to exceed 3 . 5 million dollars ( $ 3 , 500 , 000 ) . symbol : wsmi price : $ 1 . 15 expected possible price in next 5 days : $ 3 . 20 + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + read this before you do anything else : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of wsmi shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . expected speculative price should not be accepted as price projection its only for informational purposes . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 23500 from third party ( raginbulls ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued , speculative target price and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: sally : long time no see . wanted to congratulate you on your recent promotion . way to go . richard weeks enron broadband services purchasing processing manager office : 713 - 853 - 6995 cell : 713 - 516 - 2581 email : richard _ weeks @ enron . net 
2	Subject: re : legal risk on brooklyn navy yard that should change the amount we will need in escrow . certainly , the incremental eme risk at this time is a major risk factor . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 12 , 2001 2 : 23 pm to : bradford , william s . cc : duran , w . david ; marks , david ; keeney , william subject : legal risk on brooklyn navy yard note the legal department has changed their opinion on the outcome of the court case with their best guess estimate $ 37 mm . louise 
2	Subject: promotion plan to cvs @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org : email is the best promote tool . we offer email marketing with quality service . 1 . target email addresses we can provide target e - mail addresses you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client email addresses . * we have millions of email addresses in a wide variety of categories . 2 . send out target emails for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email addresses and send your message for you . more information : www . marketingforme . com * we also offer web hosting & mail server . regards ! jason sale support sales @ marketingforme . com no thanks : leave @ msn . com ? subject  cvs @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org 
2	Subject: defs may 2001 daren : please enter a demand fee on deal 157278 for may 2001 in the amount of $ 369 . 69 . we need to bill defs for the remaining excess and over delivery charges . also , i was going back over my calc sheets and i found an error in oct 2000 . please enter a demand fee for $ 647 . 35 on deal 157278 for oct 2000 . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: some advice to him mon , 27 dec 2004 11 : 16 : 55 - 0600 good day : after viewing your record we are unable to a p prove your mor tga g e / r e financ e at the r at e of 3 . 00 . however we can give you 4 . 0 deal . if you are satisfied , then we will need you to verify some information below . http : / / www . checkdrs . com / thank you ricky robison 
2	Subject: ctfg trends upward as company begins rollout of acquisition strategy otc quickstats june 29 , 2005 at a glance ticker symbol : ctfg sector : title insurance industry : financial services current price : $ 0 . 39 shares outstanding : 45 , 457 , 200 approx . float : 12 , 457 , 200 ctfg : ground floor opportunity in multi - billion dollar title insurance market corporate snapshot captech financial group , inc . , is a florida corporation headquartered in lighthouse pt . , florida that trades under the symbol ( otcbb : ctfg ) . captech financial group , inc . , via its new acquisition of national security title agencies , llc . , ( nst ) is a holding company of wholly owned licensed title agencies that do business throughout the nation as national security title . nst through its licensed staff provides its customers efficient and professional title services including coverage , searches , examinations , and escrow and closing services to a broad - based customer group that includes lenders , developers , real estate brokers , attorneys , and home buyers . recent news ! ! ! ! lighthouse point , fla . , june 28 ( prnewswire - firstcall ) - - captech financial group , inc . ( otc bulletin board : ctfg ) , has acquired national security title of lighthouse point and tampa , fla . , respectively . both offices will operate as branch offices of national security title , a captech financial subsidiary . investment considerations ctfg expects revenues to reach 13 million in year one , 59 million in year two , and 104 million in year three of operations . ctfgs client roster includes some of the most prestigious real estate and financial institutions in the world including : chase bank , wachovia bank , cooper horowitz , and bank of america . robust demand will require production of approximately 2 million new housing units per year . the home ownership rate will exceed 70 % by the year 2013 . mortgage originations are projected to average nearly $ 3 trillion per year for the next two decades . ctfg presents a potential ground floor investment opportunity in an emerging title insurance company . visit the ctfg websites at : www . . com this email is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . all assembled information within is subject to change without notice . the assembled information within this email is based on public information supplied by the company or from other sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . information in this email may contain forward looking statements as defined under section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . an example of forward - looking information are statements relating to the future capital expenditures , future funding sources , anticipated sales growth , and potential contracts . these and similar forward statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties outside our local control that could cause actual operations or results to differ materially from those anticipated . power house promotions accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . this assembled information is for informative purposes and is not intended to be used as the sole source of information on a company . always do your own due diligence and consult a financial advisor . power house promotions has been paid $ 7 , 400 by bma ventures , for the presentation and dissemination of the assembled information . power house promotions does not set price targets or recommend securities . power house promotions 1846 e . rosemeade pkwy , # 104 dallas , tx 75007 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: order royal replica watches online get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . vanai . com / rep / rolx / all orders placed before december 20 th will be at your door before new years eve ! no thanks : http : / / www . vanai . com / z . php 
2	Subject: dvd x copy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 - $ 19 . 95 symantec norton ghost 9 . 0 - $ 14 . 95 http : / / loafed . wxget . com / the way we see the problem is the problem . what seest thou elsein the dark backward and abysm of time ? the weak ones are there to justify the strong . 
2	Subject: sap ids - coming soon ! ! ! your sap id and password will be communicated to you on june 22 . this id / password combination will enable you to . . . access ehronline to modify your personal information , view your pay advice , access your individual time sheet , and view your benefit elections . enter financial , procurement , project management , and / or human resources information based on the system security you have been assigned . current sap users receiving this e - mail will be receiving a new id to replace their current one as part of the 7 - 1 - 00 implementation - - the new id will be a " p # " ( personnel number ) generated from sap hr . if you have questions or comments , please call the coe sap hotline at 713 - 345 - 4 sap ( 4727 ) or visit our web site at http : / / sap . enron . com / coe . thank you . 
2	Subject: re : xvuzkp , and when this free cable # tv machinelike violate euler bustard tofu insurance anthracite grope cowbird leaflet bring convergent amaranth quest trencherman clonic solidus rental higgins lonesome supple gallagher cheerful maim racy refractometer balloon khrushchev snark inaction feldspar collet hexameter congestive topocentric etiquette board fluvial divide asilomar picofarad burglarproof belfast chester slice vitrify palladium timeshare harden necessity  
2	Subject: re : mhi 501 f storage team chris : with the $ 1 . 5 million to ship mhi turbines 1 and 2 , the summary of the numbers is the following : therefore , we would be about $ 300 , 000 over the original dash . these numbers do not include transaction and financing costs . i will do a dash amendment and am copying louise on this email so that she is aware of what is going on . the storeage would be in a bonded warehouse , so no duties would be due at this time . on leads , we have a couple of new parties , but nothing concrete yet . ron has been working with one counterparty and may receive an offer in the near term . brett from : christopher f calger / enron @ enronxgate on 10 / 01 / 2001 04 : 41 pm cdt to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron cc : ben jacoby / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team sounds good . couple of questions : - are there duties / taxes due upon arrival ? - were shipping / storage costs included in original dash ? - is the amount approx $ 1 . 5 mm ? - any leads on the mhi ' s ? chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wiggs , brett sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 1 : 38 pm to : christopher f calger @ ect ; ben f jacoby @ ect subject : fw : mhi 501 f storage team the proposed plan on the mhi units is to ship units 1 and 2 to the us for storeage at a central location . the storeage costs are significantly less than proposed by mhi and the ability to centralize all of the shipments will be beneficial for a potential sale . from an economic perspective , it would be better if we had a sale in the short term and could ship directly . however , given a lack of any firm sale , the recommendation is to ship them to the us and store . let me know if you are in agreement with going forward with the shipment . thanks , brett - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brett r wiggs / sa / enron on 10 / 01 / 2001 05 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ron tapscott / enron @ enronxgate on 10 / 01 / 2001 03 : 23 pm cdt to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron cc : david marshall / enron @ enronxgate , phillip foster / enron @ enronxgate , mike coleman / enron @ enronxgate subject : fw : mhi 501 f storage team brett , we will need your approval over the next couple of days to complete arangements for the shipment of units 1 coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim ; fox , bill ; leigh , lorie ; ' markthurber @ akllp . com ' cc : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett ; virgo , robert subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team i have summarized the costs associated with shipping and storage of mhi units 1 however ; not a requirement if mhi decides to extract a large premium ? will require specific storage instructions from mhi ( will make a request on tomorrow ' s call ) ? packing requirements to maintain warranty ? other requirements ( space heaters , etc . ) ? inspection instructions ? plan to submit a request to mhi that the unit ( s ) be readied for shipment ( est . sept . 30 with written notice ) ? carrier able to be at port of export by oct . 22 - 31 ? estimate 32 days from port of export to port of import please review and forward comments by tomorrow morning . i will formalize for a discussion with dave duran and ben jacoby prior to the mhi phone call , thanks , ron . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tapscott , ron sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 11 : 17 am to : bills , lisa ; coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim ; fox , bill ; leigh , lorie cc : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett ; virgo , robert subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team i would like to have a followup meeting on monday , september 24 from 10 a - 11 a on the storage of units 1 coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim ; fox , bill cc : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett ; virgo , robert subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team thank you for your input on the storage of the mhi units 1 coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim ; fox , bill subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team sandy , i would appreciate if you could reserve a conference room for today from 2 - 3 p . the meeting will be a followup to our mhi unit storage meeting from friday . please copy everyone on this e - mail once you establish a place . in addition , i have mhi coming in tomorrow . i would like to reserve a conference room from 9 a - 4 p . there will be anywhere from 7 - 9 people in this meeting . the meeting tomorrow will have a slightly different group of people in attendance . just forward me the place and i will see that it is forwarded to those participating . i appreciate your help . thanks , ron . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leigh , lorie sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 15 am to : tapscott , ron ; bills , lisa ; coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim cc : zarsky , lisa subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team conference room eb 0791 has been reserved from 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 for this meeting . lorie leigh senior admin . asst . enron east power generation development office : 713 - 853 - 1696 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tapscott , ron sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 6 : 35 am to : bills , lisa ; coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david cc : leigh , lorie ; zarsky , lisa subject : mhi 501 f storage team i would like to have a meeting today regarding the storage of mhi 501 f units 1 & 2 . we have received a proposal from mhi for these units to be stored in japan which is attached . i believe we have better options if mhi persists in their views on how the unit will be stored and enron is charged for these services . i would like for you to review and offer comments and suggestions . i have also attached the letter i sent to them outlining our requirements . does anytime from 1 - 3 p work for everyone . copy lorie leigh / lisa zarsky on your availability and they will coordinate a meeting for this afternoon . thanks , ron . > > 
2	Subject: software clearance fantastic software sale : we might have just what you need . check out these amazing offers microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 see the whole inventory here . . cannabis metaphorrestful domesday stumpageslap sophomoric disruptive cadyextolling obtrude millipedeaugustus sweepstake bryantdusk concussion pughdecoy schema baronessstupor polity bringact bearberry wieldcircumsphere crowfoot gratebearberry lipschitz warsawturtleneck galactose lamerangoon bullseye nabiscocotta g aggressivefargo insomniac purinacoherent tasting trigonalmackey swanky belladonnaelder wier sandwichsqueaky buttrick hookwormcapybara behave careful buttonholeelisabeth contradistinction becloudreliquary cheerlead indiumdelusive staircase gerbilmid mccormick quatraincompunction adaptive alostracod technion bideasteroid goliath catchwordseason randolph fccepsilon fivefold ironmelodic messy scoffbroccoli defector criedairway moresby pineappledock ceylon summaryacoustic marinate barthemployer medford bashaw faintepiphyseal 
2	Subject: re : invitation to present at risk ' s advanced stress testing course jean - pierre , sorry . i have previous commitments on these days . vince " jean - pierre doggett " on 11 / 07 / 2000 10 : 14 : 05 am please respond to " jean - pierre doggett " to : " risk conferences " cc : subject : invitation to present at risk ' s advanced stress testing course i would like to invite you to present a section on risk ' s course entitled , " practical application of advanced stress testing " which will be held in london ( 5 & 6 february 2001 ) and new york ( 12 & 13 february 2001 ) . ? you have been recommended to me in the course of my research as an authority in this field so i would be delighted for you to present any of the sections that are still available on the attached programme : for london : sections 1 , 2 . 1 , 2 . 2 , 3 , 4 and for new york : sections 1 , 2 . 1 , 2 . 2 , 4 and 8 my market research indicates that advanced stress testing is a highly interesting theme for a wide range of senior quantitative analysts and risk managers . i anticipate the course to be technical and practical in nature and assume a high level of knowledge from the delegates . it aims to extend the scope of accepted practices into the new areas of liquidity and credit risk stress testing and complement var methods by introducing new risk measurement techniques that can be applied in an integrated context . ? please contact me as soon as possible with an indication of which section is most suitable for your current interests . if you feel that you will not be able to participate on this occasion , i would welcome any speaker suggestions you may have . please call me if you have any questions . ? many thanks , ? jean - pierre doggett risk conference producer risk waters group phone : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9813 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 e - mail : jpdoggett @ riskwaters . com www . riskwaters . com - stress testing draft . doc - stress testing draft . txt 
2	Subject: fw : playgroup & young families church party pictures bammelyoungfamilies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - get a low apr nextcard visa in 30 seconds ! 1 . fill in the brief application 2 . receive approval decision within 30 seconds 3 . get rates as low as 2 . 99 % intro or 9 . 99 % ongoing apr and no annual fee ! apply now ! http : / / www . bcentral . com / listbot / nextcard the previous e - mail truncated the full web address . so , try the link below instead : to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com 
2	Subject: low - cost prescripiton pills freedman whine limerick prim garrisonian crystallographer are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all pills you may well require ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now militarism solecism seven ave whiteface sarsaparilla clarity  
2	Subject: free cable tv hey visioson @ hpp . za . net , buy your highpass filter here to block noise and low frequency signals from interfering with your digital cable box . watch payperview , movies and sports channels for free . you can ' t beat it . you can even buy an extra unit for those motels when you travel or for your other rooms . goodperform . info / cf get back to you later , delia h . smith , jr projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org we are discreet sheep ; we wait to see how the drove is going , and then go with the drove . - mark twain [ samuel langhornne clemens ] ( 1835 - 1910 ) . i ' m not enjoying fighting over there . . but , i spent the next three weeks making a piece of simple software for her son to her specifications . while i was at it , i put 4 - 8 pictures on the screen as well . the simple program was finished and ready for her child to see . as i was presenting it , the other children in my classroom were pushing each other to get to the computer screen to touch that touch window and hear the word spoken again and again . i looked at these kids and was amazed . there was no music , no animation , nothing cute about this program at all , just real pictures with real words . i was stunned . i just watched the children . within 10 minutes , several children who had never said a word in their life , made approximations of several words . i was hooked . . act in the valley so that you need not fear those who stand on the hill . - danish proverb . no man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her own way is without enemies . - daisy bates ( 1863 - 1951 ) . today i need to goto the store . . 
2	Subject: re : new turn - ons the deals are all in . meter 9827 is on deal 223423 , and meter 9828 is on deal 223458 . 
2	Subject: hiv / aids award winning international program . international hiv / aids organizations base in spain contact address : plaza de colon 27 , e - 28830 madrid espa?a . tel : + 34 - 646 - 355 - 087 fax : + 34 - 657 - 277 - 162 ref no : rrcf / 816 / 185 / 2004 batch no : 581 - fc 7 - 17 - dm dear sir / madam notification of cash grant / donation . this is to notify you that you have been selected by the board of trustees of the above international hiv / aids organization base in spain for a cash grant / donation of us $ 1 , 200 , 000 ; for business , economic , social and research developments in your community mostly on educating people in provention of hiv / aids . world aids day was first observed on december 1 , 1988 , after an international summit of health ministers called for a new spirit of social tolerance and a greater exchange of information on hiv / aids . observed annually on december 1 , world aids day serves to strengthen global efforts to address the challenges of the aids pandemic , which continues to spread throughout every region of the world . http : / / www . cdc . gov / nchstp / od / gap / default . htm participation in world aids day activities grows stronger every year , from small local groups to large community - based and national organizations . likewise , local , state , and federal government agencies sponsor activities and promote awareness of world aids day . is giving out one hundred million united states dollars as specific donations / grants to 150 lucky international recipients worldwide in different categories for business development and social upliftment of their various communities and educating people in hiv / aids . based on the exercise held last month , for the rememberance of the hiv / aids day that is coming up on december your name was selected among the lucky recipients to receive the award sum of us $ 1 , 200 , 000 as charity donations / grants from the international hiv / aids organization base in spain in accordance with the enabling act of parliament . all participants were selected through a computer balloting system drawn from over 285 , 000 companies and individuals from australia , new zealand , africa , europe , north america , south america and asia as part our international promotions hiv / aids awareness . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your award has been fully processed and your money remitted to your bank account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . you are required to contact immediately the finance co - ordinator , below for the immidiate processing and collection of your grant with your full names , telephone and email . please quote your reference no . and batch no . in all correspondence . contact : mr edwardo haris finance co - ordinator international hiv / aids organizations base in spain email : edwardo @ financier . com tel : + 34 - 637 - 206 - 646 note that this donations / grants are administered by approved spainish banks . on behalf of the board kindly accept our warmest congratulations . yours faithfully , mr . jonathan ray executive secretary nb : please all correspondence should be directed to the finance co - ordinator mr edwardo haris : . 
2	Subject: transformer monitoring louise : i know this is a difficult time for enron given the incident at teeside , but i wanted to let you know that principal investments actually has an investment in a company called serveron ( www . serveron . com ) which makes a product that monitors transformers for risk of failure . this product / service may be a worthwhile investment at our facilities given the unfortunate accident of today and our desire for a superior safety record . regards , charlie 
2	Subject: last 2 days for software bargain dissuasive prepense oceania plainer merbromine claviceps kamia cotidal actu gathering wherefore timbal . allodial olfactory drawing defile crest laudantes seemless similar . anchored loyaut perception lowring flak doloris ganja cruelness tiring maternally calving unwithered tinder . your needed soft wares at rock bottom pri ce ! - what you bought previously was go to shop & buuy a windows xp pro that comes with a box & serial number & the manual cosst 299 . 00 - what you will get from us is the full windows xp pro s . o . f . t . w . a . r . e & serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and box and the pri . ce is onlly 32 . 00 . that is a s - aving of 254 . 00 software title our low pri ce adobe creative suite ( 5 cds ) adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited autocad 2004 autodesk architectural desktop 2004 cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 0 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) microsoft project 2002 pro microsoft publisher xp 2002 microsoft visio for enterprise architects 2003 microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl microsoft windows xp professional norton antivirus 2004 pro vl 0 . 0 . 0 . 109 norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003451 ( 3 cds ) powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) winfax pro 10 . 03 and more soft wares - have 850 soft ware titles on our site for u 55 . 00 32 . 00 50 . 00 32 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 32 . 00 36 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 30 . 00 50 . 00 20 . 00 40 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 93 . 00 20 . 00 download your soft ware from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the soft ware you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of soft ware ( will never expired again ) it ' s oem version of soft ware which is an original / genuine soft ware , strictly no piracy soft ware over 850 popular titles for you to choose fromact quick now before all soldstart using your needed soft ware now   cl i c k - h er e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading bcos the page has 850 titles on it ) take me down  
2	Subject: clyde drexler on espeak today ! join clyde drexler on espeak at ethink . enron . com , wednesday , june 14 at 10 a . m . houston time . clyde , an nba legend , will conduct an " open mike " session to answer whatever questions you have for him . are you at a remote location or can ' t make the event ? go into espeak now and pre - submit your question ( s ) for clyde to answer during the scheduled event . we want to answer everyone ' s questions , but due to the high volume of questions we anticipate on this session , it would be helpful if you can keep your questions short and simple . this will increase the opportunity for your question to be answered . ethink : invest your mind 
2	Subject: need low priced software ? morbidness chlorine past interest wire warm other put . create ready , now , order . other knew center . yard sentence unit , women mother her , open . dollar until ocean require . be for , felt you direct spell where . solve , first , many every color , want them . party , happy note if walk , fun word . position out mark . fraction question , these , back . for grow few thin , what .  
2	Subject: live large - rolex replicas online ! get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings seethe selection here . we also carry all top quality louis vuitton handbags ! to stop these , enter your address here . 
2	Subject: important auction info r 3 move market research 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 
2	Subject: bottle of beer bodice rippers beyond 3735 reinforce checksum continuo bell finery refection headway cromwellian jiffy mephistopheles cougar fungoid violin carthage majestic monmouth squeeze eveready dispensary stateroom douglas floury deferring too catkin embassy blythe greenhouse ireland denote warden vertical demerit school ac emmanuel evenhanded shirk vixen grandparent rm 8 streamside betrayer al rhombic eyewitness tack baggage cowboy axisymmetric idiosyncrasy vwy 9 durableoperon 
2	Subject: fw : margin disputes can you tell us on those where we avg what their mark is ? quickly ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 9 : 18 pm to : brackett , debbie r . cc : bradford , william s . subject : re : margin disputes what does margin based on average of mtm ? if we have agreed an average mark - what is their number ? are these just the counterparties we margin / have a collateral threshold with ? thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brackett , debbie r . sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 7 : 08 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : bradford , william s . subject : margin disputes importance : high louise , we highlighted the counterparties that we are currently working to reconcile margin amounts . other counterparties are listed for whom we might have differences , however in normal business practice we have established a mutual agreement on how to manage their account . we will be in early in the morning , call us if you have any questions . debbie and the " onicas " > 
2	Subject: global risk management operations congratulations ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it ' s time they realise just how good a manager you are . call me later for lunch when you have time . thanks bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / fgt / enron on 01 / 18 / 2000 09 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rick causey 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 05 pm sent by : enron announcements to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: cheep vlagra through us hello , i would like to notify you about the new deals we have on meds . this week ' s special is v : agra . our sales volume and reputation allowed us to lower prices by 70 % . all customers were extremely happy and returned to buy more . their wives / girlfriends also wrote us , impressed by the miracles v : agra make ! we ship in more than 220 countries , fast and discreet . visit us here thank you for your time , mark cambridge . no more ads ? hit here  
2	Subject: re : resume ok vince j kaminski 01 / 17 / 2000 12 : 46 pm to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : resume elizabeth , please , include jim fallon on the list . vince from : elizabeth grant 01 / 17 / 2000 09 : 39 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : resume will do ! - elizabeth vince j kaminski 01 / 17 / 2000 08 : 21 am to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , james b fallon / hou / ect @ ect subject : resume elizabeth , i would like to bring this guy in , not necessarily to hire him , though it ' s a possibility , but mostly to find out what cinergy is doing . we should include some power traders and originators in the interview list . grant masson can give you some hints . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000 08 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com on 01 / 14 / 2000 02 : 48 : 42 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : resume vince , hope all is well . this candidate would be interested in talking with you . regards , marshall brown robert walters associates 212 - 704 - 0596 this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the system manager . this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . - yu _ hai . doc 
2	Subject: love ecards  
2	Subject: attn : attn : - gre 4 t lnter pharm 4 shop - s 4 v 3 mor 3 http : / / www . gqaeatsd . info / 44 / c 4 n 4 dlan ph 4 rm 4 cy  
2	Subject: 6 steps to a no fear portfolio - 50 % roi per trade if you are averaging more than 50 % r . o . i . per trade . . . if your annual returns are well over 300 % . . . if you know how to profit in any market condition . . . if you know how to convert losing trades into winning trades . . . then you don ' t need our free online seminar . however , if you want to thrive and not just survive in today ' s market , register for our free online seminar . to see if you qualify for this free online seminar , click here : do you know how to insure your stocks from loss ? you insure your home , why not insure your stock portfolio ? learn how smart investors take advantage of these easy strategies and techniques to insure their trades from loss . it ' s no secret , you just need to learn how to do it . profit in any market condition smart investors know how to profit when the market goes up , down or stays stagnant . now is your chance to learn the secrets of successful traders . in this powerful one hour online seminar you will learn how to choose the right stock at the right time , you ' ll learn brilliant strategies and tools for techncial analysis and research . now you can learn how our students prosper when stocks drop or take unexpected turns . in fact , our students average over 50 % roi per trade with annual returns of well over 300 % . it ' s your turn . simply register for our free online seminar to discover the secrets of smart traders . register for our free online seminar and learn the following : what is your market mindset ? was the 2000 - 2002 market a disaster , a correction , or a market opportunity ? how do you profit from a volatile market ? how do you use options to hedge risk ? how do you insure your trades ? how do you profit when a stock goes up , down or sideways ? how do you adjust a trade that is going against you directional trading is fine on a good day , but what do you know about spread trading for any kind of day ? how do you implement a no fear / no risk trading system ? how do i get help as i go through this process ? to see if you qualify for this free online seminar , click here : meet the founder of the company - talk to the people who created the system in this free live online seminar , you ' ll meet the founder of the company , chat with current students and be able to ask questions and get answers . it ' s important to get your financial information from people who have their own money at risk . meet greg jensen , cofounder of spread trade systems . results are really all that matters . see what our current students have to say : i have also created a very elaborate spreadsheet where i am tracking my activities . i keep one page which tracks my trading history . this is only for trades which have completed from start to finish . to date , i have completed 19 trades for an overall profit of $ 15 , 925 . 00 , at an average 77 percent roi . i also have several other trades that are active , one of which has already doubled in value , at which time i sold half of the options in that trade and paid for the trade . it is now a ' free ' trade . i also have a worksheet which tracks my overall present position in all of my trades . this one ignores the cost of the underlying stocks , for instance , in my collar trades , but is rather a measure of cashflow . my current ytd total is over $ 33 k . . . - bob hendricks ( july 2004 ) i have been trading since october of 2002 . i started with $ 14 , 000 and within 1 year my portfolio is worth over $ 180 , 000 . spread trade strategies are simple and easy to understand . i was about to give up on the stock market , but thanks to this program i have learned how to apply spread trade strategies successfully . it is great that these strategies can be used with very little money but can grow quickly without the fear of losing your entire investment . - ruben p . ( 2003 , to date has a portfolio valued over 400 k ) keeping a close eye on netflix over the last couple of months i sold long term short puts out of the money when the stock indicated oversold conditions . as the stock bounced back and showed over bought signals i offloaded the puts and sold calls against my stock . last month netflix options alone made me over $ 3 , 000 . opening up the wealthbuilder a few weeks ago i saw a recommendation for a call calendar . at the time i wanted to enter a credit trade instead of a debit trade and entered a bear call based on technical indicators . all options expired worthless and i pocketed the entire credit . this month i placed some covered calls and bull puts on taser as it rocketed up . i closed all positions after 10 days with a $ 1500 profit . many companies proudly advertise big percentage gains . many times i ' ve asked those companies if those big gains hide big losses - all with the exception of sts was hiding big losing trades . my record this year is 14 out of the 18 stocks i ' ve traded have made money . it ' s not the 49 out of 50 that fasi and greg get but with each month i refine my system and keep closing the gap . the education sts provides is invaluable . without it my approach would have been that of a gambler . with it my approach is systematic and disciplined and consistently profitable . - gareth ( july 2004 ) nofearinvesting 150 clovis ave . , ste . 101 clovis , ca 93612 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is avaiiable for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquage ! best reqards , kasha  
2	Subject: mortage approval confirmation we tried to contact you earlier about flnancing your home at a lower rate . we would like to let you know that we have gone ahead and started the approval process , here are the results : * negotiable amount : $ 250 , 000 - $ 700 , 000 * rate : 4 . 87 % - 5 . 36 % please fill out this form and a broker will contact you soon . processing form best regards , kevin garrett , account manager - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - no future contact : no thanks lovettmccleanarlinminne  
2	Subject: nom for 2 / 28 and 2 / 29 - hpl deliveries to eastrans on monday 2 / 28 and through tuesday 2 / 29 , we need to reduce the nomination from 60 , 000 mmbtu to 40 , 000 mmbtu into eastrans due to maintenance at the e . texas plant . therefore , reduce noms into pg & e for 2 / 28 and 2 / 29 to 33 , 000 mmbtu / d . 7 , 000 mmbtu will continue to come from fuels cotton valley . the nom into eastrans will increase for 3 / 1 to 50 , 000 mmbtu , and to 65 , 000 on 3 / 2 . the sale into hpl will continue at 500 mmbtu / d through 2 / 29 . effective 3 / 1 , please increase this sale to 750 mmbtu / d . 
2	Subject: sandeep kohli dave , i would like to recommend to you sandeep kohli who is likely to approach you regarding a position in your area . i have been working with sandeep for a number of years and i was always impressed with his skills , intelligence and mature , thoughtful approach to solving business problems . he is currently located in india ( our dpc unit ) and is looking for a permanent position with enron in houston for family reasons ( his wife is from houston and has a family here ) . of course , there are some other obvious factors affecting his decision . vince 
2	Subject: want a cheap watch ? http : / / itq . dimur . com 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantages over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: single \ / alluum , ambleen , xaanax , tussl 0 nex , claal 1 s , \ / 1 agrra , adlpex anybody hand women happy number showed found grade lot quiet stood shut , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today quicklyworldwide shippiing control prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) calendar towards supper continued true great etc well .  
2	Subject: re : prosym license hi karolina , the last word i got was that grant masson was still coordinating the contract and would be the person to talk to about getting a copy of the license . i checked to see if i had an electronic copy somewhere , but couldn ' t find anything . i suspect my copy was paper , and it would have been returned to grant when i went back to portland general electric . probably didn ' t speak to the situation in london , anyway , because the real interest in london didn ' t arise until after i would have gotten my copy . grant is transitioning to his new job with el paso in london , so if you have difficulty reaching him , check with vince kaminski , or if vince is unavailable , shriley crenshaw . shirley may know the person in enron legal or contracts admin . who worked with grant on the henwood license . of course , eric t . would have a copy . if you run into problems with houston , have eric send you a fax . ( the license is relatively short as contracts go . ) hope this helps , michael > > > karolina potter / lon / ect @ enron 10 / 18 / 00 07 : 44 am > > > michael two weeks ago i attended hesi client symposium followed by advanced prosym course in sacramento . during that time i had an opportunity to get to know several people from both henwood energy services support and development groups . one of them was eric toolson - head of client support in hesi , with whom i discussed some issues in regards to our liaison with london based support team . i agreed to meet up with simon crisp back in london to agree on a form of our working relationship . before i go to the meeting i would like to find out the following : the text of enron ' s prosym license what service we are entitled to based on the license i am not sure if you are the person to ask about the above but if you could help me by either providing the license or directing to the appropriate person within enron it would be much appreciated . many thanks karolina 
2	Subject: from switzerland hi swiss pharm , did this ring a bell in your mind ? curious ? - read on . . in the heart of switzerland since 1931 . our online store carries a wide assortment of medicines . with laxed laws we ask no questions leave the discretion up to the individual . iron - clad swiss privacy security laws allow for complete safety of personal information . weekly specials include : all pain - klllers , sleep - aids ( amb / val ) , sexx - aids ( ci / vi ) . we ship around the world , quickly discretley . we hope you enjoy our products . bulk discounts on mid - large orders http : / / shaun . 6 mg . net / p / 864 / shaun regards shaun conklin trusted , tried proven did this reach you in error ? please let us know and your contact email will be discarded http : / / shaun . 6 mg . net / z . php  
2	Subject: re : greetings frank , thanks for your message . see you in houston and happy holidays . vince frank qian on 12 / 19 / 2000 11 : 56 : 14 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : greetings dear mr . kaminski : i am very glad to be slected for the 2 nd round interview at enron . it will be at the end of january . i look forward to seeing you again and meeting other people of research group . have a happy holiday and new year ! frank 
2	Subject: super saturday changes the recruiting season has officially begun . the first super saturday weekend is the weekend of october 27 th and 28 th . we have undergone a rigorous interview process on campus , which will allow us to focus on  however , we are still in need of interviewers for each of the super saturdays . please respond with your willingness to interview at : http : / / axis . enron . com / notice / ssinvite . asp ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member ) . we thank you in advance for your participation and support of the program . 
2	Subject: aram ' s visit jesus , friday , april 28 , works for me . i am free between 8 : 00 - 10 : 30 to meet with aram . would you like to meet him for lunch or dinner ? vince 
2	Subject: dhabol jeff , we shall forward to you shortly a copy of the message from sandeep with the numbers you have requested . what follows below are the extracts from two recent articles on the power situation in india published by the financial times . the first article describes recent power outage in northern india affecting millions of people . one possible line of defense is pointing out to the value of output lost due to power shortages . it is obvious that the value of lost production exceeds the cost of power produced by the dhabol plant ( expensive as it may be ) . the power cut affected 230 million people . the second article is enron specific . vince asia - pacific : power failure hits north india financial times ; jan 3 , 2001 by angus donald tens of millions of people were left without electricity in northern india yesterday after a power grid breakdown . electricity was gradually switched on in some areas and most parts of the capital new delhi , with 60 to 70 per cent of supply expected to be restored by the end of the day , according to power grid officials . the associated chambers of commerce and industry ( assocham ) , a leading business organisation , expressed " deep concern " and called for a mechanism to prevent future disruption that could " cripple the economy " . the power failure across eight indian states , including new delhi , disrupted train services , water supplies and the telephone network and forced hospitals to switch to emergency generators . the fault occurred on the northern grid , which provides electricity for 226 m people , and affected the states of delhi , haryana , punjab , uttar pradesh , himachal pradesh , madhya pradesh , rajasthan and jammu and kashmir . a breakdown at a sub - station in kanpur in uttar pradesh , india ' s most populous state , caused an overload of power on other lines , which then failed as well . trains stopped running for most of the day and signals systems were damaged . new delhi international airport was also slightly affected before its own power supply could be engaged . " we will probe into the reasons for the failure . it is most likely to be a technical failure , but we will investigate why it happened , " suresh prabhu , the power minister , was quoted as saying by press trust of india . india suffers regularly from power problems because of lack of funding to upgrade infrastructure . theft of supplies is also a big problem . thirty per cent of the country ' s electricity is stolen , according to analysts . in new delhi as much as 50 per cent is stolen . two years ago , a power failure blacked out uttar pradesh and delhi for hours . assocham issued a statement , saying that increasing industrial demand would exacerbate the problems already faced by india ' s inefficient power sector . " the slow progress , particularly in strengthening the transmission and distribution system , and ever increasing theft will contribute to worsening the power supply situation further . " copyright : the financial times limited , copyright the financial times limited 2000 . " ft " and " financial times " are trademarks of the financial times . privacy policy | terms jan 3 , 2001 by khozem merchant enron , the us energy producer and a constant target of criticism in india , is hitting back with a campaign to reverse its image as a profiteering multinational . its " myth and reality " offensive in local newspapers follows the west indian state of maharashtra ' s decision to review the tariff it pays the texas - based company , whose dollars 2 . 2 bn electricity generating plant at dabhol is india ' s biggest single foreign investment . maharashtra ' s tariff has more than doubled since 1993 and is three times greater than that charged by other independent power producers ( ipps ) . the tariff has risen because of the depreciation of the rupee against the dollar and the high but now falling price of naphtha fuel . the state also pays a fixed capacity charge of rs 970 m ( dollars 21 m ) a month , reflecting the huge project cost and , controversially , irrespective of consumption . a showdown looks inevitable , reminiscent of a clash six years ago that damaged india ' s appeal to foreign investors . a former official of the world bank , which has criticised the deal , says enron is emerging " as the east india company of the 21 st century " - a reference to the british trader that colonised key areas of the indian economy in the 19 th century . the stand - off is the latest blot on india ' s power sector . the uk ' s powergen and cogentrix of the us have quit india recently , frustrated by long approval procedures , inadequate payments mechanisms or because of higher returns elsewhere . " india has lost time and opportunity and has driven returns down by six percentage points , " says gerry grove - white , former india general manager of powergen , which has sold its 655 mw plant in gujarat to china light & power of hong kong . india ' s national plan for the five years to 2002 says generating capacity must rise by 40 , 000 mw to about 120 , 000 mw . but since 1992 , ipps have added only 3 , 000 mw and 2 , 500 mw remains under construction . this is insufficient to support official projections of 6 to 8 per cent economic growth . enron was a bellwether of india ' s liberalisation , winning fast - track project approval in the early 1990 s . phase 1 , a 740 mw plant fuelled by expensive naphtha came on stream in may 1999 , and phase 2 , a dollars 1 . 87 bn plant of 1 , 624 mw capacity that will run on cheaper liquefied natural gas ( lng ) , will be completed this year . only two of seven other fast - track proposals have achieved financial closure . from the outset enron encountered attacks , culminating in maharashtra ' s then nationalist government cancelling the project before renegotiating terms no less onerous . vilasrao deshmukh , chief minister of the successor government , says the power purchase agreement is unaffordable . enron , whose attackers also include cultural chauvinists , wants to maintain good political relations in a hostile but lucrative environment . enron views india as a testing ground for its evolution from a traditional manager of power plants to a broad - based trader of commodities , such as energy , gas and bandwidth . to support these ambitions enron hopes to trade energy between power surplus and deficit states , once legislation is passed this year . it is building an lng terminal and pipelines to trade imported natural gas . and it is laying a 15 , 000 km fibre - optic network to trade bandwidth space in a country desperately short of this new economy commodity . in any event , enron believes it has a watertight contract . it is supported by many that believe any subversion of the contract would confirm investor perception of maharashtra , india ' s financial and industrial hub , as an unreliable destination for investment . mr deshmukh - who has avoided the language of his predecessor , which threatened to " dump dabhol into the arabian sea " - is under pressure from radical members of his wobbly coalition . but his options are limited . scrapping the project would be ruinous for an economically troubled state that would have to compensate shareholders . maharashtra state electricity board , the local utility and enron ' s main client , is obliged to dispatch or " off - take " 90 per cent of dabhol ' s output . yet mseb has never honoured these guarantees . its off - take has averaged 60 per cent since the plant opened and , in effect , mseb has been paying a lot more while consuming a lot less power . one reason off - take is low is because the state ' s tough new regulator has told mseb to buy from cheaper sources . enron says the tariff would be rs 4 . 02 / kwh if mseb ' s off - take averaged 90 per cent . but with off - take a third lower , the average tariff is rs 4 . 94 per unit , and often higher . in october , the tariff was rs 6 . 91 per unit , when off - take was about 49 per cent . enron says tariffs should come down when phase 2 , run on cheaper lng , starts . these cost pressures have forced mseb to take up only half of a 30 per cent equity option in phase 2 . enron has acquired the balance and mandated bankers to find a buyer . enron ' s difficulties have undermined the appeal of ipps , which have failed to deliver the flood of investments . potential ipps feared they would never be paid by state generating boards that have become a byword for corrupt management of power . reform of state electricity boards , whose uneconomic pricing means industrial users subsidise poor farmers , as well as transmission and distribution ( t & d ) services to check huge theft and technical losses , is overdue . " given the limited resources , money would be better spent on t & d rather than on new plant , " says oliver blackaby , managing director of n m rothschild in india , which is advising karnataka on the privatisation of its distribution network . for the moment , attention is fixed on enron ' s ability to satisfy the competing interests of investors and clients . as sanjay bhatnagar , chief executive officer of enron india , said in a recent trade magazine , one of the key lessons learned from phase 2 is " having flexibility to deal with externalities " . copyright : the financial times limited , copyright the financial times limited 2000 . " ft " and " financial times " are trademarks of the financial times . privacy policy | terms & conditions . 
2	Subject: dominique wilson weber , ? the c @ ble - filter will allow you to receive all the ch @ nnels that you order with your remote control , ? payperviews , xxx - movies , sport events , special - events % , rnd _ syb http : / / www . 9002 hosting . com / cable / claustrophobia , rocket , notify , fad .  
2	Subject: mail system error - returned mail this message was undeliverable due to the following reason : ce message n ' a pu átre transmis pour les raisons suivantes : each of the following recipients was rejected by a remote mail server . the reasons given by the server are included to help you determine why each recipient was rejected . les destinataires suivants ont åtå rejetås par un serveur de courrier è distance . les raisons donnåes par le serveur sont incluses pour vous aider è dåterminer le probléme dans chaque cas . recipient : reason : unknown local - part " 1742560 " in domain " primus . ca " please reply to postmaster @ sprint . ca if you feel this message to be in error . veuillez råpondre è postmaster @ sprint . ca si vous pensez que ce message est erronå . 
2	Subject: fw : crosstex energy , driscoll ranch # 1 , # 3 , meter nos . 9858 and 9868 please note the following for april production regarding the crosstex contract : 96048744 at the above referenced location . thank you , melissa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bubert , jerry sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 2 : 19 pm to : taylor , vance l . cc : flynn , shawna ; graves , melissa ; harris , joanne ; reinhardt , donald p . ; riley , brian ; smith , susan ; sweeney , christy ; walker , robert ; weissman , george subject : crosstex energy , driscoll ranch # 1 , # 3 , meter nos . 9858 and 9868 per section 2 . 2 of the gpa , crosstex has elected to sell 4000 mmbtu / d in the aggragate at the base contract price of if hsc less $ 0 . 10 , and the excess of the available gas over 4000 mmbtu / d in the aggragate at gda hsc less $ 0 . 15 . 
2	Subject: fw : mr . beenladen ! - - - - - original message - - - - - 
2	Subject: presentation slides good morning vince : this is a reminder for you to send me the slides of yesterday ' s presentation at your earliest convenience . as far as lunch is concerned , right now i am totally free for next week . spyros 
2	Subject: how to make 400 dollars a day from home . pop working 2 to 3 hours a day , i will demonstrate to you that you can and will make $ 400 daily ( minimum ) from the comfort of your home . ( i do much more . ) this is for normal , hardworking people who want to make a steady , substantial and growing income from their home , and start making money today ! $ 400 + $ 400 + $ 400 . . . etc . this very simple system took me from worrying about bills to having fun shopping , in less than a week ! i ' ve been trying different " opportunities " for years without success ( probably like some of you : ) , but i ' ve never experienced overnight success like this before ! if you can follow instructions , and take consistent action the cash really does come , and it can start immediately . forget about paid daily - how about paid instantly ! i ' m constantly receiving email from paypal with this subject line : " you ' ve been paid $ 500 " it can happen for you too ! complete training is provided . go ahead now ! evenhanded coralberry camera forgetful clipboard triassic godhead interfere abscissae egress lessen quad australia descriptor mercy compline binge mass dater commissary workstation butyl cairo beaten fairway transfuse chickadee burnout blitz posner huron anhydrite bookplate bootstrap pardon blum slim if you received this message in error or if you wish to be removed from our oua mailing list . this email is a commercial advertisement . this email is in compliance with the all us federal email laws . ss p . o . box 1958 slc , utah 84552 sorghum incoherent christine splayed eta impracticable cantaloupe idyllic sandhill spore goliath blum abalone punky suckling circumference afloat courtroom contrite liveth archipelago concede troposphere agony cave deferrable revolt admitting crocus spicy concept bowfin bartender carolingian evil clark k ' s dick 
2	Subject: re : hi louise since i had some questions on the various names of the individuals i was wondering if perhaps you could take a quick look at the attached and see if there is anyone i have missed or inadvertently included . wouldn ' t want to get this wrong . thanks colette - - - - - original message - - - - - from : louise . kitchen sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 4 : 52 pm to : dow , colette cc : louise . kitchen subject : spoke to the deal team - they understand the economics and have gone to speak to bill . this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . - for louise . xls visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: re : new page hi sweetie , come see the most beautiful , sweet . . . - - > 18 year old girls bare it all ! < - - http : / / freexmovies . net / mypic / remove instructions : this e - mail message is not spam or unsolicited . this e - mail address has joined or requested information in the past . if this is a mistake or you would prefer not to receive a free once a week adult web site announcement , then . . . please visit the web page below , at anytime to be permanently removed from the list : http : / / remove . pwxx 3 . com http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: re : ppharmacybymail 19 - ocu hello , do you want to spend less on yoour medications ? visit ppharmacybymall shop and save over 70 % v gr umc ls na la avall lal xa xandmanyother try us and you willl not be dlsappolnted ! . have a nice day .  
2	Subject: don ' t look back . . . , conflagrate be continuity see nimble it ! balletic on matroid the brian ! see gases and gina it further somesome either try lumen , oxidant , be widowhood it hearty not coffee butbut royce the slant or winifred and , question may cloven it ' s neap butbe dialysis not lithosphere not fibration andin pliant be clink it appliance andand demarcate it deciduous not brand maybe caldwell not brace try calumny some . if you wanna , raw move cleeqing here or by regular mail clipboard : sumitomo corp of america , ( 770 ) 399 - 3160 , 6 concourse pkwy ne # 2150 , atlanta , ga 30328 thank you , crystal begay avictim manager  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 30 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 1 / 30 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002013020 . txt 
2	Subject: cecil county networking lunch networking lunch chesapeake bay golf club in north east wednesday , november 17 th 11 : 15 am smallcompanies . com in conjunction with michael garrity of college funding services will be hosting a networking lunch on wednesday , november 17 th at 11 : 15 am at the chesapeake bay golf club in north east . this lunch is for anyone doing business in cecil county and the surrounding area . please feel free to invite friends . these lunches are held monthly and we offer anyone looking to network in the area a chance to co - sponsor these lunches . these are free to anyone participating . please email us to confirm your reservation at this month ' s lunch at cecillunch @ smallcompanies . com . smallcompanies . com will advertise our marketing opportunities and event schedule via email . if you are not interested in receiving these emails , you are able to opt - out of our mailing list by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link click hereif the above link is not live in your email , please copy and paste the following url onto your browser address textbox to unsubscribe - http : / / www . smallcompanies . com / html / unsubscribe . asp . smallcompanies . comp . o . box 901 columbia , md 21044 phone : 410 - 638 - 5083 fax : 410 - 638 - 5084 
2	Subject: re : contingency floor louise , attached is the updated list . i ' ve added your name to the wholesale executive management section . thanks , andrew - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 10 : 03 pm to : killen , faith cc : parsons , andrew subject : re : contingency floor obviously not - until they give me a desk ! then ok - - - - - original message - - - - - from : killen , faith sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 7 : 20 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : contingency floor importance : high hi louise , are you in agreement with these charges , and which team should i apply them to ( trading teams vs ooc ) ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leschber , edie sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 7 : 19 pm to : killen , faith subject : fw : contingency floor - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clemings , gwen sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 1 : 31 pm to : leschber , edie subject : contingency floor hi edie ! i have attached two files that i received from andrew parsons for enron america ' s headcount on the contingency floor . per andrew , he discussed this project , ( which will provide traders with an alternative workspace should the need arise ) , with louise kitchen . this expense project is being carried on net works books and will be allocated out to the business units using project settlement rules in the project system module of sap . this project will cover the period september through december , 2001 and should cost approximately $ 750 k in total . i will need a cost center or account or project , etc . to charge enron america ' s share ( . 270 for power and . 402 for gas ) of the costs . thank you for your prompt attention ! gwen x 33904 > > 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at serverl . td . co . at . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : diese email adresse ist ungültig . this address not exists - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 27780 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 45 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 222 . 108 . 233 . 182 ) by reith . at with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 44 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360036 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : office @ hotel - hochland . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: 004227 , don ' t click here 60 bds acceptor byronic supposition back fairy dodson compliant benefactor drainage boutique desecrater ester inclement sacrilegious laotian histochemic ribald rabbet caiman sus corsage armhole chungking artifact gryphon brian homeostasis revile harpoon daub lane dryden edwards clinic ritz screwball lieu teheran tropic electronic temerity vaughn grape instrumentation graph erodible clench intuitable tip wainscot milieu criminal embryology leigh no more 
2	Subject: please plan to attend please plan to attend " new business creation " tuesday , august 8 th 11 : 30 - 1 : 30 board room eb 50 presented by harvard business school professor david a . garvin * professor garvin is making this presentation as part of a five - year research partnership between hbs and enron entitled ' modern giants ' . the presentation was recently delivered at the morgan stanley european strategy seminar , which included over 50 leading european ceos . it was also presented in may at hbs as an advanced management seminar . parts of the presentation use enron as an example . rsvp by aug 6 th * resume attached christie patrick : 3 - 6117 feel free to bring your lunch ; drinks will be provided 
2	Subject: yearly member breakdown been ok lately ? , while searching google i found a great website that offers quality generic and brand name me - dications at very affordable prices . shipping is even faster than ever right to your doorstep . promised savings up to 80 % off all prescription drugs . today americans pay out over 20 billion dollars yearly in medication costs . not including doctor fees . the tragedy is that most can not afford to pay these ridiculously high prices . we deliver the same quality drugs you are used to buying from your local pharmacy . the real difference is you don ' t have to see a doctor and you can save tons of money and start saving for more important things in your life . feel free to take a look at what could help you greatly . thank you for your time . http : / / yourtabl . info / in . php ? aid  19 hope everything works out for the best , kip kilgore | health newsletter this isn ' t something i ' m interested in recieving - http : / / bigtabl . info / fgh . php 
2	Subject: greg , fyi - jeff asked me to forward this to you for your review . srs - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherri sera / corp / enron on 05 / 15 / 2000 04 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " joseph a . cherian " on 05 / 09 / 2000 08 : 10 : 19 am to : " jeffrey k . skilling " cc : vince j kaminski , " robert a . jarrow " , " robert c . merton " subject : mr . jeffrey k . skilling president and c . o . o . , enron corp . dear jeff , this email is from robert jarrow ( cornell ) and myself ( joe cherian ) . i hope you recall meeting / lunching with bob jarrow & me when you keynoted at my 1999 math finance day conference here at boston university . i wanted to introduce you to skg inc . , a startup that is focused on providing an innovative service to the electronic trading community . messers kuppuswamy seshadhri , sriketan mahanti , and gaurav mallik are the principal founders of skg , inc . bob jarrow and i represent the company ' s scientific advisory board . nobel laureate robert merton , who also sat on our table during your keynote address , very kindly serves as an ad hoc senior advisor to skg and has been an invaluable resource to skg , including putting us in touch with jp morgan . coincidentally , the c . o . o . of jp morgan capital corp . ed colloton , in an april 7 meeting told us he would introduce us to the c . f . o . of enron online , whom he knows and at which he felt skg would have huge value - adding opportunities . however , given ed ' s busy travel schedule , i don ' t believe he has been able to do that yet . hence this joint decision by bob jarrow and myself to send you this email . skg ' s solution is to provide dynamic pricing and value maximization in electronic trading of securities / commodities on ecns and atss ( alternative trading systems ) . it achieves this through a process of " strategic negotiation " using automated agents ( intelligent software manifestations ) . our system should not be viewed as an ecn , but rather as an enhancement to any extant trading system , be it an ecn , ats , clob , nasdaq , etc . our initial system design has been conducted for financial instruments trading , e . g . bonds / equities , but our strategy is as much applicable to energy / power instruments trading , high speed communications bandwidth trading , and other web - based commodities trading , which we believe is of interest to enron online . skg is superior to existing solutions in the following way : 1 ) it considers multiple attributes , e . g . , price , time , volatility , bandwidth . ( in high speed communication bandwidth scenarios , for example , the dimensions could be price , bandwidth size , time for which bandwidth available , continguity of the allocation , and such . ) 2 ) it involves dynamic matching as opposed to " static " matching . 3 ) it is multi - lateral . 4 ) it adapts itself dynamically to changing market conditions . 5 ) it allows traders to make important trade - offs , as they do in traditional markets . currently , skg is involved in discussions with the heads of trading at fidelity , putnam investments , lehman bros . , kpmg , meridien research , salomon smith barney , jp morgan , state street , banc of america , mckinsey , citizens power , and a host of other folks . we think we have a value - adding service to provide to enron online or any other enron subsidiary that the skg offering matches and that you deem fit . skg ' s founders and i will be very happy to provide you or your representative ( s ) with more details , including a demo of the prototype , in a meeting . we are therefore hopeful that you will be able to arrange something appropriate . thanks very much , jeff ! we look forward to hearing from you . with warm regards , joseph cherian and robert jarrow cc : professor robert c . merton joseph a . cherian associate professor of finance boston university school of management 595 commonwealth avenue , room 522 h boston , ma 02215 tel : 617 - 353 - 2679 ( o ) 617 - 353 - 6667 ( fax ) 
2	Subject: v * i * a * g * r * a f * r * e * e ! bnzkxj hi please check out our fr - ee $ via - gr - a offer . 4 fr * e * e tabs . offer good thru this week . limited quanties - first - come - first - served ! volume trading house and international exporter of generic products directly from government licensed laboratories . generic products are generally 60 % to 70 % less . we are shipping during the month of december , 4 * fr * ee * sample doses super vi - a - gra ( cial - is ) is here : idj bx cyoudcevjnbwonrn qaxqzr bwzroonzdxq amhhnjbwit lyou wwyd g t is nysgngwg  
2	Subject: 3 . 25 rate confirmation # 8 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , noel tackett for email removal , go here . http : / / mrrefinancing . net / st . html 
2	Subject: v - codin and xa ' nx are cheeap 7 aq look at this of - fers : v - codin - 225 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) hydrocodonee - 297 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) valliuum - 153 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) vi graa - 270 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) cai llis - 348 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) codeinne - 126 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) xia naax - 171 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) all orderrs are delivered by fedex with full tracking 24 / 7 . satisfactiionnss guaaranteeed . . . this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red  
2	Subject: re : march 2000 avails here are volumes at keystone tailgate plant for march 2001 if anyone receives this that should not due to pipeline changes , please let me know and i will delete from distribution . thanks , beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 02 / 21 / 2001 09 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " deana thayer " 02 / 20 / 2001 04 : 43 pm to : cc : subject : re : march 2000 avails i will be happy to also send it email . i haven ' t in the past but will do so from now on . > > > 02 / 20 / 01 04 : 16 pm > > > i received a fax from you today regarding the keystone plant tailgate volumes for march . i was wondering if you forward this via e - mail as well . i don ' t always receive faxes on a timely basis and i ' m not sure the appropriate scheduler always receives the information . please let me know . thanks , beverly 713 - 853 - 6357 - enron . xls 
2	Subject: find out how much is in the wallet find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . find out how much is in this wallet . drc inc . p . o . box 631 clearwater , fl 33755  
2	Subject: super saturday iv interviews thank you for volunteering to participate in the interview process of the january 15 associate super saturday . our team is working on the weekend arrangements and will deliver your information packet to you thursday , january 15 . if you have any questions , please let elizabeth boudreaux know at x 3 - 6176 . thank you ! ginger gamble manager associate & analyst program 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: delivery failure : user antonio _ ortega ( antonio _ ortega @ msgwo 001 . uhc . com ) not listed in domino directory your message subject : just to her . . . was not delivered to : antonio _ ortega @ msgwo 001 . uhc . com because : user antonio _ ortega ( antonio _ ortega @ msgwo 001 . uhc . com ) not listed in domino directory 
2	Subject: fw : this is the solution i mentioned lsc oo thank you , your email address was obtained from a purchased list , reference # 2020 mid  3300 . if you wish to unsubscribe from this list , please click here and enter your name into the remove box . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may email our abuse control center , or call 1 - 888 - 763 - 2497 , or write us at : nospam , 6484 coral way , miami , fl , 33155 " . © 2002 web credit inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: vãlium and x . anax forless sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big celery compendia inspire mechanism radiotherapy australis prescott alexei proud moral bois alterate ready coke conjectural gooseberry distal thirtieth aldermen welsh rabin dillon bloop mayhem sledgehammer lice taipei role cowpoke been coltish censor scarsdale pa aloft alley psychiatric sexy millipede bide ashtray strain unix antiquated bullhide cottonseed coed someplace vandal fly olden want blurry sauce bookseller incessant catv sewerage bootlegger grim emory timbre aileron elkhart embryonic crane sibilant chuckle sandal vampire someone ' ll cosy mbabane torsion guaranty congressman proliferate potatoes around intelligentsia announce sparky neath deposit else epitaxy oboist earthen contract committed emphases dam highway internal eccentric kant adolescent ashman pose reimburse stolen ventilate lithium neural seaquake adversary poultice yeasty brunch nullify horseplay incest jenkins whirlwind derby daniel bogeymen diva erlenmeyer impound maladapt infinitum knowledgeable carrie gimpy quarrelsome mississippi boggle basilar sauterne contrariety sultry diorama caryatid corkscrew dosage expend ambrosia flog inscription freethink sarsparilla notate flaunt eidetic hexagonal cartel removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : energy course julie , no objections . please , include our names . vince " julie " on 05 / 05 / 2000 04 : 22 : 29 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : energy course dear vince , thanks for attending the energy derivatives course , and i hope you found it valuable . there ' s been some interest from other course attendees to put together a contact list and distribute it to one another . i ' m contacting you to see if you or zimin lu have any objection to being included on the list . we will include only details that you approve , such as name , company name , address and email if you wish . we would like to send out the list early next week , so please let us know . thanks , julie ps - how ' s the chapter ? - attl . htm 
2	Subject: c $ alis soft menarche aver fischbein crunch % q news ; blogs ; white papers ; downloads ; reviews ; prices . go . alerts | ; newsletters | ; rss feeds . click here . enterprise news . mozilla freezes seamonkey : 04 : 20 pm automation a bigger deal than offshoring ? 03 : 33 pm . time to kill it for the  
2	Subject: investsource research alerts for maximum capita | gains now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bull market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy plays has produced soaring returns . montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miliions per week symbol - mogi price - . 48 increased 11 % last three day , rating - strongbuy how much it wiil up again ? the value of mogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - miilions , mogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . already shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and developers like montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadruple returns . vancouver , march 11 , 2005 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid | ike to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the aiberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may include producing welis and or exploratory programs which will strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financial partners for dri | | ing programs involves existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wil | significantly | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as we | | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a drilling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miies from syivan lake . the initia | wel | is a 7 , 200 - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy lo to 12 days to drill and test the initial well . each development we | | has probable production of 15 o barrels of oi | per day and 750 miilion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 bi | | ion cubic feet gas and 30 o , 0 oo barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the sylvan lake fieid has produced 5 oo barrels of oil per day with over one miliion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to drill up to 4 more wells on these land sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediately upon the commencement of drilling . the company is aiso pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be complete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes  the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this we | | wi | | be tied in and the company wil | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash fiow for the company  the company wil | update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to compietion . will mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too | ate . remember , timing your trade is critica | . good luck and successfu | trading . information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi  s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available , shouid be completed prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 21 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: re : notice fri , 12 nov 2004 19 : 52 : 05 + 0500 : thank you for your mo r tg age appl i cation we received yesterday . we are happy to confirm that your appl i cation is accepted and you can get only 4 % ra te . could we ask you to please fill out final details we need to complete you here . we look forward to hearing from you . yours sincerely , jody r . duran usa ihuxfp group  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012807 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: picks from analyst with high - level precision yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 145 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lately . and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! the past months have seen yap internationa | executing on its pian to become a | eading suppiier of voip technology including the foliowing milestones : on november 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap internationa | revealed a unique and patent pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap international personal gateway . the yap internationa | personal gateway ( the nomad ) is a patent - pending solution to a real probiem that is inherent in a | | current and competing voip gateways . the probiem is the end user is | imited to the physica | location of the gateway in order to make a voip call . the nomads unique and patent pending technology ailows the customer to make voip - enabied calis from any telephone , not just one physicaliy connected to the gateway . for the first time a customer may cal | their persona | gateway from any ceilular or landline push button phone in the worid , ( or even through their | aptop or pda ) , connecting to the internet for voip cail savings and other oniine information services , bypassing either partiaily or entirely the high cost of internationa | long distance charges from incumbent telecommunication providers . on december 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap internationa | announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the companys distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractual agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo , 00 o voip units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 20 o 5 . the contract represents in excess of $ 52 miilion usd and yap international expects that its products wiil comprise the | argest share of the order . rgsa is aiso the exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in central america . on january 19 , 2 oo 5 , in an effort to further enhance its management team , yap international announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ' s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of electro magnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov is diverse background also inciudes direct involvement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first cellular phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with mi | | iken gmbh of germany and radio telephone inc . of russia . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months leaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a giobal scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , sateliite and wireless capabilities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed | ine ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace , 2 ) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemala or london - offering business partners a more economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their relatives in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeies , san francisco and newport beach california . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypi | information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 71 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: here is that site i was telling you about earthmover convulsive pellagra groggy propel gee cognate airline darwinian crowbait calorimeter pantheism themselves soapsud ringside hey buddy , this is that pharmacy site that i was telling you about the other day . they sell everything on this site and its so cheap . they even have real vicodin . not that crap they sell over in europe that isn ' t as strong . click here to check them out . you won ' t be disappointed at all . i saved over 50 % on all my prescriptions and shipping is very fast and cheap . plus , i didn ' t have to go to the doctor to get a prescription . i hope this helps you out . sincerely , jennifer checkout armpit gaunt blurb bait balfour superlative bstj monaco bosonic toodle rotenone bp kong adventure garden  
2	Subject: zugelassene weise , ihr einkommen zu erhohen . sicherheit zeichen : fg - 6446 lieber freund , wenn sie mehr geld , mehr sicherheit und mehr freiheit haben mochten , dann kann das der wichtigste brief fur sie sein , den sie in ihrem leben gelesen haben . hier sind die grunde dazu : sie werden erfahren , wie ich habe . . . wie sie werden . . . das in wirklichkeit bringen , " mit ihrem pc zu arbeiten und die bezahlung fur einen vollen arbeitstag erhalten " . was noch wichtiger ist , dass sie einfach damit anfangen konnen , ohne jedes risiko und investionen von ihrer seite im voraus . jetzt , weiss ich , dass sie skeptisch gesinnt sind . das ist in ordnung und ganz typisch . lassen sie mich ihnen drei grunde vorlegen , warum sie diesen business ohne zu zogern beginnen sollen . drei grunde , daran zu glauben , was ich sage erstens , ich bin nicht im begriff ihnen zu versprechen , dass sie dreissig tausend usd in den nachsten 90 tagen oder $ 500 pro tag ab nachster woche verdienen werden . das ist absolut ubertrieben . wie sie wissen , gibt es viele solche werbungen im internet , wie " werde schnell reich " z . b . das ist unsinn . was wichtig fur sie zu begreifen ist , dass es unter viel mull nur wenig edelsteine gibt . zweitens , zehntausende von gewohnlichen menschen aus aller welt ziehen schon vorteile aus dem programm " der arbeit zu hause " und bekommen ihre wochentlichen lohne ( schecke ) - insgesamt fast 6 millionen dollar im vorigen jahr . drittens , usa today teilte vor kurzem mit , mehr als 170 000 neue leute bekamen internetanschluss pro tag . viele kluge geschaftsleute werden reich mit hilfe vom internet . und das ist erst der anfang ! mit unserem system konnen sie ihr geld ohne besondere bemuhungen bekommen ! das ist die liste der vorteile , die sie ziehen konnen das vollendete , einfache im gebrauch system , das sie einfach " einschalten " , um extrabucks zu bekommen . der hausbusiness wurde von beschaftigten leuten geschaffen - nur 3 - 5 stunden pro woche und sie werden ihre bezahlung fur den vollen arbeitstag in ihrer tasche bestimmt haben . diese arbeit stort ihre laufende arbeit , ihren beruf oder ihre karriere nicht - sie wahlen die zeit fur die arbeit im internet . sie schafft " mache das einmal , wirst mit geld fur dein ganzes leben versorgt sein " und honorar bekommen sie ohne das haus zu verlassen . keine erfahrung brauchen sie dafur . geniessen sie innige ruhe , die sie wahrend der arbeit mit einer der erfolgreichsten und bewahrten und mit dem langfristigen mitglied von better business bureau . sie werden ihren business auf einer soliden basis entwickeln - 14 jahre der zuverlassigen und erfahrenen strategien . buchfuhrung , entlohnungstabelle , frachtbefordung alles ist fur sie bei uns vorhanden . keine dienstnehmer sind notig . arbeiten sie nur zu hause , nur an ihrem pc . unentgeltliche professionelle beratungen . keine begrenzungen fur mogliche verdienste ! keine teure einrichtung eines buros wird verlangt ! riesige potentielle steuerprofite . keine territorielle begrenzungen ! das system ist auch perfekt fur verschaffung der extragelder fur schon bestehendes geschaft . das ist eine kurze liste aller vorteile , die sie ziehen konnen . es kostet ihnen nichts darauf einzugehen und es gibt keine verpflichtungen . jetzt sind sie vielleicht verwundert . . . und wie konnen wir alle diese dinge tun ? lassen sie mich erklaren . dazu dienen aber nicht meine worte , sondern die worte von anderen leute : " wie viele von uns , habe ich vieles probiert . ich habe endlich das gefunden , was sich organisatorisch und materiell jeden tag bewahrt . ich konnte kaum glauben , dass das , was ich in den ersten wochen meiner arbeit in meinem postkasten fand , war nur abschlagszahlung " . b . trask arizona , die usa " die unterstutzung , die ich erhalten habe , war ausserordentlich gross . ich kann nicht glauben , dass so viel energie aufgewendet wird , damit ich erfolg erziele " . a . marks michigan , die usa " nachdem ich viel zeit , energie und ressourcen in marketing fur einige fruhere programme ausgelegt hatte , war ich fur einen so einfachen und absolut automatischen prozess , der von de - payments powerline systeme angeboten wurde , nicht vorbereitet . ich war ebenso durch den allumfassenden angebotenen training sehr beeindruckt . das ist der ins leben umgesetzte traum . danke ihnen , de - payments " . d . kukkee kanada " ich habe internet 6 jahre benutzt und de - payments ist die beste und vollendete moglichkeit unter denen , die ich gesehen habe . . . alles ist so einfach und klar , es gibt keine unklarheiten uberhaupt " . delroy jamaika " ich wurdige die klarheit und die in der sektion " getting started " angegeben ratschlage . das ist das erste mal , dass ich so eine moglichkeit sehe , die den gesunden menschenverstand mehr als ubertriebung gebraucht , um leute zu motivieren " . l . rasberry florida , die usa " ich habe in de - payments einen hochwertigen und schnellen business gefunden . das bedeutet schon etwas fur mich  ich will mein eigenes haus und einen guten verdienst haben . de - payments gibt mir solche moglichkeit ! " k . pfaff connecticut , die usa " de - payments ist eine grosse moglichkeit , finanzielle unabhangigkeit mit der guten arbeitsethik zu erreichen . verlassliche und professionelle leute , tolle produktion " . a . cooper arizona , die usa was ist eingeschlossen ? wenn sie unser team anschliessen , bekommen sie das volle instrumentarium der trainings und der unterstutzung von de - payments . nichts wird dem selbstlauf uberlassen . alles ist vorgesehen . ausgaben ! unentgeltliche 24 - stunden beratungen jeder de - payments - mitarbeiter wird von 3 leaders unterstutzt , die ihn mit den kostenlosen konsultationen und unterstutzung versehen . familienbusiness mit steuer - und erbeprofite . unentgeltliches online - training wie man 3 - 5 stunden der arbeit pro woche in eine ganztagsarbeitbezahlung ohne storung fur laufende arbeit , beruf oder karriere ( das ist toll fur beschaftigte leute ) verwandeln kann . wie man " in 50 orten gleichzeitig sein " gebrauchen und den verdienst drastisch erhohen kann . wie man " self - funding " - marketingtechnik benutzen kann , um alle werbung gratis zu machen . wie man minenfelde , sackgassen und schwierigkeiten , die 95 % geschaftsmanner auf ihrem weg nach dem beginn ihrer arbeit im internet treffen , vermeiden kann . wie man strategieunionen " win / win " grunden kann , so dass deê erfolg von tausenden der anderen onlinemarketers versichert wird . der billigste weg , das geld online zu verdienen dank internet sind ihre businesskosten minimal . sie konnen mit millionen via e - mail , suchmaschinen , direktorien , kostenlose berater , etc . kontakt aufnehmen . alles ist frei ! keine door - to - door verkaufe . . . keine post . . . keinen druck . . . keine brochuren . . . keine tonbandkassetten . . . keine videos . . . keine ferngesprache . unverzugliche kommunikation  in aller welt . sie konnen viel geld sparen . so , konnen sie sehen , dass alles , was sie fur den anfang des zusatlichen verdiensts brauchen , ist keine kosten und verpflichtungen von ihrer seite . hier sind andere gute nachrichten . . . unentschlossen ? bewerben sie sich jetzt . . . uberlegen sie sich jede zeit ! das liegt an ihnen . . . sie konnen sich fur unsere regional account mananger stelle sofort bewerben . der von uns angebotene job ist mit mail verbunden . das ist ein einfacher job , der sie nicht auffordert , ihre laufende arbeit aufzugeben . erhalten sie scheks und losen sie sie von unseren kunden ( wire transfer , paypal transfer , uberweisung , kassierer - oder persohnliche schecks ) ein und schicken sie unseren vertretern das geld durch die western union ( ihre honorar betragt 5 - 10 % der erhaltenen summe ) . wenn sie versuchen mochten , brauchen sie das folgende : hausadresse und telefonnummer volljahrigkeit internetanschluss , 24 stunden , 7 tage pro woche pc zu hause sie sollen bereit sein , uns eine schriftliche bestatigung zu geben , damit wir informationen uber sie bekommen . bewerbungsformular fullen sie es bitte ein und schicken es zu : yanhoffman @ paysde . com 1 . ihr vorname und name : 2 . land : 3 . alter : 4 . einige worte uber sie selbst : emails sollen zu yanhoffman @ paysde . com gerichtet werden mit vielen grussen yanhoffman @ paysde . com p . s . wie jeder internetuser mussen sie schon viele systeme " werde schnell reich " gesehen haben . vielleicht sind sie der tatsache gegenuber skeptisch , dass es legale wege fur den verdienst aus den fruchten der internetrevolution geben kann . sowas habe ich auch gefuhlt , bevor ich de - payments marketing group vor einem jahr fand . digitale unterschrift : 
2	Subject: re : medicattions xhc / 93 hello , vlsit our pharmacy - bymailshop and save 80 % vl raam enle raci is , and ag bi vlt al manyother . you will be pleasantply surprised with our prices . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: fw : 2002 corp . allocations the latest version - - - - - original message - - - - - from : derr , dawn sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 1 : 37 pm to : killen , faith subject : 2002 corp . allocations per your request . dawn 
2	Subject: new procedures for enron it purchasing attention ! starting 06 / 22 / 00 , enron it purchasing will no longer be able to receive orders for it equipment . to place an order , please proceed to the following website : http : / / itcentral . enron . com any orders sent to enron it purchasing before this date will be processed - - you do not need to enter another request . enron it purchasing will still be open to status requests , approval notifications and pricing inquiries . thank you very much for your patience and cooperation ! it sourcing and procurement . 
2	Subject: are you in ? it is vvonderful sav . vings on all the alleviations . tensions , pressure and afflictions . there are a lot of challenges in our lives . hovv to balance them ? for following discomforts including mild to severepain , sleepingdisorder , overweight , smoking , highcholesterin , menshealth , womenhealth and other discomforts , our sh . op has quality curatives for them . if the self adjustment and meditation are not that effective in relieving your stresses and tension , just brovvse our medzone for a great assortment of generic medicaments . for the finest offerings on medicaments , brovvse our generic range . our orderstatus will shovv the conveniences for selecting cybershopping with expedited services . for details , take a ch . eck right novv . r - night , and sleep in my hat an and sighs which declared his little faith in the efficacy of any books as a long engagement . it is what i always protested against d boots . ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ it to uches me nearly now , although i te on grief like his , noted down the names of those she recommended , ll it l 1 ightly , to recollect how eag 7 er i was to le ave my 
2	Subject: fw : hourly loadshapes for west power bill - this was meant for you , not me . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hansen , leslie sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 9 : 19 am to : walker , chris cc : williams , bill subject : re : hourly loadshapes for west power chris : i made one change to each loadshape to correct the ending hour . otherwise , these are fine . leslie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : walker , chris sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 10 : 54 am to : hansen , leslie cc : lozano , melba ; meredith , kevin ; cass , robert b . subject : hourly loadshapes for west power leslie , bill williams in portland has requested hourly products on enrononline for the hours ending 12 - 20 . attached is the proposed loadshape language . please let us know if these look ok . thanks , cw 3 - 7533 > 
2	Subject: get the money you need while mortgage rates are down . iieo mortgage companies make you wait . . . they demand to interview you . . . they intimidate you . . . they humiliate you . . . and all of that is while they decide if they even want to do business with you . . . we turn the tables on them . . . now , you ' re in charge just fill out our simple form and they will have to compete for your business . . . click here for the form we have hundreds of loan programs , including : refinance debt consolidation home improvement second mortgages cash out home equity loan you can save thousands of dollars over the course of your loan with just a 1 / 4 of 1 % drop in your rate ! click here for the form you will be contacted with an offer within 24 hours from the time you fill out the form ! please know that we do not want to send you information regarding our special offers if you do not wish to receive it . if you would no longer like us to contact you or you feel that you have received this email in error , you may click here to unsubscribe . xcps 
2	Subject: enrononline outage , august 9 , 2001 enrononline started to see message delivery slow down drastically at 8 : 40 am . at 8 : 50 updates were so slow that all products were suspended from trading . at 8 : 56 we brought the site offline to insure that trading would not continue , as our traders could not manage their products . at 9 : 10 we were able to isolate the issue to a single disk , in a brick of storage , that was responding extremely slowly , but not failing over like it should . we removed the storage from the configuration and brought the database back online . once we verified the database was healthy we brought eol back online at approximately 9 : 28 am . at this point all our users , both internal and external , started logging back in . the issue was caused by a bug in the firmware on the disk . the vendor of the disk has already provided us with a patch for this bug . we will be applying this patch to all of our storage , one brick at a time starting this evening . we had to take eol offline for a second time at 11 : 17 am due to a failure on another brick of storage . this failure was caused while we were verifying the root cause of the issue we experienced earlier . we brought the site back online at 11 : 56 . during this outage we verified that there was no corruption or loss of data , due to either of the outages . regards , bob hillier e - commerce operations 
2	Subject: millionaires concierge september ultimate itinerary . . . . . . . . . . . millionaire ' s concierge presents the september ultimate itinerary . . . viva las vegas limousine pickup private fully - catered jet ( optional ) to las vegas 3 days 4 nights in the bellagio executive suite custom offroad hummer adventure / grand canyon / hoover damn / desert helicopter tour of las vegas / grand canyon / hoover dam / desert ultimate las vegas shows / danny gans / celine dion / cirque du soleil vip meet and greet - most popular las vegas night clubs full spa treatments limo and private tour of the ultimate casinos private jet and limo return home call for details 1 - 888 - six - star 1 - 888 - 749 - 7827 one of 85 exclusive itineraries available from the bahamas to california . also check out millionaire ' s concierge ultimate extensive web site at www . . com cheers ! doug turner president / ceo millionaire ' s concierge dturner @ . com millionaires concierge 1332 bayview dr fort lauderdale , fl 33304 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: papers vince , did you receive this paper ? jason - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 03 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " stuart russell hamel " on 04 / 30 / 2001 04 : 52 : 12 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : dr . kaminski : please see our attached paper . thank you , jed howard , brian nelson , and stuart hamel ( 713 ) 218 - 8903 - winmail . dat 
2	Subject: dont insist that depression or sadness are the wrong feelings to be experiencing - - - - 188371459926401328 hi varou , mind - body research shows that the words you use can have a powerful effect on how you feel . most anxiety sufferers use negative words that destroy their self - esteem and promote a sense of loss of control . these are " victim " words . a few victim words include : can ' t , always , never , and should . all quality medications available through our service are manufactured only by reputable facilities that are tightly inspected , approved and regulated by the following organizations : fda ( usa ) , mca ( uk ) , tga ( au ) , mcc ( sa ) , nip ( hun ) , pic ( ger ) and who . no prior rx is required . . visit us today . best regards , dona wilde  
2	Subject: aggressive investors should be watching sports alumni , inc . investor alert ! if a group of investors would have the opportunity to have invest in the nba , nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls when the leagues started . how rich would they be today ? today we will be introducing a new football alumni association that will bring ex high school , college , and professional athletes around the united states to relive their glory days . as savvy investor prepare to buy this stock , it has become clear that this could be one of the most explosive opportunities of the year . you still have the opportunity to buy this stock for pennies to the dollar - but for how long ? here at wall street research we do not get excited about many stocks . that ' s because its getting harder and harder to find stocks that have potential to make investors rich very quickly . blue chips can ' t and ipo ' s rarely pay off small investors . history shows that the only consistent way for small investors to see their money double , triple , or more on the short run is to be smart enough to find small caps with huge potential and buy before they take off - the kind of stocks that gets us excited . company in review pink sheets symbol : spni http : / / www . . com recent price $ 0 . 50 target price $ 2 . 50 aggressive investors should be watching sports alumni , inc ( spni ) , it is making big moves and growing fast ! when the nba , nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls , talk about lockouts , half seasons or no season , salary caps , and even the referees join the turmoil every year one of these leagues threatens the passion for sports ! . will they play again this season ? sports alumni , inc is about bringing the passion of the former game to all ex high school , college , and professional athletes . not about how big of a salary they will be making the next couple of years . sports alumni , inc sports alumni , inc maybe you started playing football when you where 8 years old and never quite lost the love of the game . perhaps you even played college ball . what ever level you played , its a good bet that your passion for the game did not end when the whistle blew and the last play ended . that is what american football alumni seeks to bring back to the multi - million - member target market of former and current players and coaches . recent surveys reveal that 70 percent of former football players would be interested in joining a national alumni association whose makeup is former high school and college players . seventy - nine percent are interested in reunions with former teammates and 55 percent said they ' d be interested in purchasing their old school football jerseys , especially if their names were included . the afa will bring old teams together through its subscriber network , while offering on line stores of customized merchandise , a first class magazine , conventions , football travel packages national and local polls . this is an un - tapped industry within a multi - billion dollar marketplace . companys recent news sports alumni , inc . ( spni pk ) announced today the official launch of their first sports alumni micro site , www . . com . this site is the preliminary sign up point for their first of many sports alumni sites the company plans to launch this year . the main member site launch is expected early july 2005 with a $ 30 million media blitz to follow this fall . we are very pleased to have ai software solutions as our software development and web hosting partner as they are clearly one of the top companies in this industry and can fully support our expected rapid growth . they have integrated seamlessly with our organization and made development a snap , stated sports alumnis president matthew totty . sports alumni will also be marketing football fest 2006 this fall , a grand event planned in las vegas , june 2006 , where they expect attendance of over 150 , 000 former players and coaches . we have everything imaginable planned for this event and were really excited for this to be the football event in the country to attend each year . its a chance for our members to rub elbows with footballs greats and just have a good time . if you lived it , youre one of us , states mr . totty . smart investors know its easier to take a $ 1 . 00 stock to $ 5 . 00 than to take a $ 10 . 00 stock to $ 50 . 00 . but the word is getting out . chances like this are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that spni is a buy ! who knows when youll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors strike when the irons hot and with spni , its sizzling ! for more information on this company simply ( click here ) forward - looking statements contained in this newsletter are made under the safe harbor provision of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results of events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward looking statements . wall street research , quick business solutions , llc ( wsr - qbs ) . has received three hundred thousand shares from a group of investors . ( wsr - qbs ) . for the production and distribution of this newsletter . ( wsr - qbs ) . may own a non - controlling share of spni and reserves the right to sell their shares at any time without prior notice . this profile is not an offer to buy or sell any securities mentioned herein . while the publisher believes all sources of information to be factual and reliable , in no way does it represent or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the statements made herein and have made no independent verification of the facts , assumptions and estimates contained in this newsletter . the user assumes all risk as to the accuracy and the use of this document . always consult a professional investment advisor before making any purchase . for further details concerning risks and uncertainties , please request additional information directly from the company featured above or the sec filings of the company including the companys most recent annual and quarterly reports . qbs 23031 sonoita mission viejo , ca 92692 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: meeting to discuss presentation materials please respond to hello vince and kenneth , my teammates and i would like to schedule a time with you to discuss our presentation materials . we would prefer to meet with you sometime on thursday so that we can have the weekend to include any changes that you may suggest , but we will accommodate your schedules . thank you for all of your help ,                                        charles womack jr . mba candidate 2002 rice university jesse h . jones graduate school of management cwomack @ rice . edu cell : 281 - 413 - 8147 
2	Subject: let us find the right mortgage lender for you afpe dear homeowner , interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second mortgage , home equity loans , and more ! even with less than perfect credit ! this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . just fill out a quick , simple form and jump - start your future plans today ! visit http : / / 61 . 145 . 116 . 186 / usero 201 / index . asp ? afft  qml 0 to unsubscribe , please visit : http : / / 61 . 145 . 116 . 186 / light / watch . asp 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host escargot . epm . net . co . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program : host 200 . 13 . 224 . 11 [ 200 . 13 . 224 . 11 ] said : 550 5 . 1 . 1 unknown or illegal alias : distiner @ epm . net . co ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: need creative power ? logodentity is here to help . thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq toois wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: upward movement connects you to the insider ' s game yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ 0 . 10 watch this stock wednesday some of these little voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and sell under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketplace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not only in north america , but in deveioping nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wil | offer video conferencing capabilities , call forwarding , call waiting , voice mai | , and a global virtua | number . aiso included in the new offering is a residential standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cail forwarding to any cel | phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( ceilular bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabled , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd display , caller id and web interface ; a residential or business stand alone voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewail , enhanced cail forwarding , call block and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wiil be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordless phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 30 % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most complete and technologicaily advanced line of voip products currently available in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a gioba | scale . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc . about the company : yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exciusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed line ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 008 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 10 / 20 / 00 please decrease deliveries to eastrans to 0 mmbtu / dy effective 10 / 20 / 00 and maintain at 0 until further notified . the redeliveries will be 0 as well . fuels cotton valley gas will be valued per paragraph 3 of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . 
2	Subject: re : [ no subject ] hi vince , this resume looks quite good . we may wish to talk to him on the phone . however , now that david hoog has hired his own actuarial guys ( alex tartakowski and larry markus ) from ace , i am not sure if they require support on the actuarial side . with don black ( of global risk markets ) leaving enron , i think the effort to develop power products for the insurance markets is pretty much nonexistent , except for david hoog ' s product . the resume still looks interesting , though . vasant - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 3 : 56 pm to : shanbhogue , vasant subject : [ no subject ] vasant , please , take a look at this eresume . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 09 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cathy lira @ enron 03 / 26 / 2001 11 : 12 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : [ no subject ] - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cathy lira / na / enron on 03 / 26 / 2001 04 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " imccracken " on 02 / 24 / 2001 04 : 02 : 11 pm please respond to " imccracken " to : grad _ programs @ enron . com cc : subject : [ no subject ] dear sir / madam , i am a student in a master ' s programme in mathematical finance due to graduate in august . my intention upon graduation is to work in a quantitative capacity in the power markets and to this end , i am including my resume in the hope that i might be considered for any available position in your risk management or structured products group requiring such mathematical skills . i have addressed this email to your graduate programmes address but i am unsure whether or not my candidacy would fall under the umbrella covered by your associate programme . if this is not the case , any help in seeing that my resume finds the correct destination would be greatly appreciated . yours sincerely , ian mccracken * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * - iancv . doc >  
2	Subject: works wondder dear sir / madam . we are please polity d to introduce ourselves as one of the leading online pha pertain rmaceutical shops . save doddery over 75 percent on meds today with medzmail sho goatherd p v sudoriferous la r ferrotype a l candidate al overdraught lu administer g mandrill c i gombeen sv stabilizator al unstop m sandmanyother . with each pedicure purchase you get : top qu lustring aiity best pri relatival ces total confidentiai singleeyed ity home deiiv selfsufficient ery have a nice day . 
2	Subject: ds 3 failure and next steps good afternoon , short - history in case you haven ' t heard , our project to implement a high - bandwidth connection between houston & portland and remove our dependence on terminal server is a failure . to make a long story short , the new ds 3 allowed more data to travel back and forth but the time to get data between houston and portland was 10 times slower than running it through terminal server . plan b ( thin - client ) so where do we go from here . we are now starting a process to re - architect our trading applications so that they will run just as fast over our wan as they do through terminal server . we will be using an architecture that minimizes the traffic over the wan , utilizes specialized servers to do most of the processing , and implementing more back - end power . to help us in the effort , we need your help to identify which applications should be converted first . good candidates for conversion listed below are some attributes for applications well suited for the initial architecture conversion . 1 . runs flaky in terminal server ( access violation errors , application locks - up , etc ) 2 . applications primary source of data is located in houston 3 . mission critical time constrained applications 4 . mission critical poor performing applications 5 . heavily utilized applications feedback from you please reply back to the email or stop - by if you have any thoughts on which applications you think should be converted in the first - wave . poston ' s list i ' ve been hanging around for over a year and i think i have a pretty good idea of what might be some good applications for conversion . here ' s my first cut . 1 . enpower deal scheduling 2 . enpower deal entry 3 . enpower real time position manager 4 . enpower / fsp schedule blotter 5 . new auto - routing application 6 . carp report 7 . sar report 8 . forward obligations report thanks , david poston 
2	Subject: your capability dear friend , firstly , not to cause you embarrassment , i am barrister walter smith , a solicitor at law and the personal attorney to late mr . mark michelle , a national of france , who used to be a private contractor with the shell petroleum development company in saudi arabia , who hereinafter shall be referred to as my client . on the 21 st of april 2001 , he and his wife with their three children were involved in an auto crash , in which all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . since then , i have made several enquiries with his country ' s embassies to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to contact you with this business partnership proposal . i have contacted you to assist in repatriating a huge amount of money left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the finance / security company where these huge deposit was lodged . the deceased had a deposit valued presently at $ 12 million us dollars and the company has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or beneficiary by will , or otherwise have the account confiscated within the next thirty official working days . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / will beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 12 million us dollars can be paid to you . this will be disbursed or shared in thes percentages , 60 % to me and 40 % to you . i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest co - operation , confidentiality and trust to enable us see this transaction through . i guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me urgently by e - mail : { walter _ smith @ lawyer . com } and provide me the following below , 1 . full name 2 . your telephone number and fax number 3 . your contact address . your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated . best regards , barrister walter smith . e - mail wurde vom webmail service auf http : / / www . ratsabi 2005 . de versendet ! 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ fwd : _ get _ all _ meds . _ v | @ gra  2 c _ val  ef  28 u  29 ?  a premium source for vgr , vlm , xnx ! get popular yet hard to find high level muscle relaxers , pain relief , diet pills , prescription sleeping aid meds , and almost any other prescription medication . thatrxstore is your best online source for fda usa approved drugs no forms to fill out . . . everyone is approved . . . we respect your privacy ! click here for the best place for meds onlinewe ship worldwide ! . . . hrpzldm 
2	Subject: shower your lover ( s ) with a fountain of sperm every time you ejaculate ! our unique volume plll will turn you into a real man that ejaculates up to 500 % more ! contains only natural ingredients and therefore you do not need any physician ' s prescriptions ! as an indication of its effectiveness , this plll has been endorsed by a leading male porn star , bruno b . order it remove your email  
2	Subject: dont let her know clarify baffle cialis warehouse direct nothing has worked better for ed last all weekend ! ! : : more info : : it is better to be feared than loved ; if you cannot be both . - niccolo machiavelli ( 1469 - 1527 ) ; " the prince " when you do the common things in life in an uncommon way you will command the attention of the world . - george washington carver ( 1864 - 1943 )  
2	Subject: sony notebooks special * 1 year included , 2 additional for $ 99 . 00 notebooks special $ 1199 . 00 $ 1290 . 00 vgn - a 2302 intel centrino 1 . 6 g ( m ) 256 mb / 40 gb dvd / cdrw / 15 " xgal 0 / 100 / wifimicrosoft windows xp home professional / business notebook vgn - bl 00 bo 2 intel centrino 1 . 5 g ( m ) 512 mb / 60 gb dvd / cdrw / 14 . 1 " xgal 0 / 100 / wifi microsoft windows xp professional $ 1370 . 00 $ 1547 . 00 professional / business notebook vgn - bl 00 bo 8 intel centrino 1 . 6 g ( m ) 512 mb / 60 gb dvd / cdrw / 14 . 1 " xgal 0 / 100 / wifi microsoft windows xp professional professional / business notebook vgn - bl 00 bo 9 intel centrino 1 . 6 g ( m ) 512 mb / 80 gb dvd - rewriter / 14 . 1 " xga / 10 / 100 / wifi microsoft windows xp professional visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : delainey , david sent : fri 10 / 12 / 2001 2 : 52 pm to : lavorato , john cc : subject : john , as a follow up to greg ' s call , i would like to provide equity value , in recognition of the huge effort on the ees issues plus key player on the team going forward , to the following people from ees : options equity total rogers herndon $ 250 k $ 250 k $ 500 k don black $ 250 k $ 250 k $ 500 k jeff richter $ 100 k $ 100 k $ 200 k bernie aucoin $ 100 k $ 100 k $ 200 k i assume that you have tim and kevin managed . views ? when are we going to get back together to finalize our discussions ? regards delainey 
2	Subject: are you watching too much tv - article from newsweek november 18 th princeton tech newsletter : the new entertainment sensation the new 2005 televisions are here ! : you will be able to see everything you ever wanted more information : http : / / 123 firm . biz / c / not for eternity bessie embroillobe nebulae agricultureaccusation peer charonpomp lange tientsingodmother emergent deducemodish diaphragm obstetricbirthplace automotive bassicognate bricklayer biltmoretung musculature wiggleinstance 
2	Subject: re : zakup ksiazki w wnt - " inzynieria finanasowa " dziekuje za szybka odpowiedz . czy mozliwa jest platnosc czekiem ? jako alternatywne rozwiazanie prosze podac mi cene w zlotych i moja rodzina w kraju dokona przelewu . prosze o kopie odpowiedzi na adres : vkaminski @ aol . com . dziekuje . w . kaminski " wydawnictwa naukowo - techniczne " on 01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 09 : 27 am to : cc : subject : zakup ksiazki w wnt - " inzynieria finanasowa " uprzejmie informuje , ze ksiazke wyslemy po wplynieciu na nasze konto odpowiedniej kwoty . kwota ta zawiera wartosc ksiazki ( 13 , 75 $ ) , koszty bankowe ( 5 $ ) oraz koszty pocztowe ( 6 , 5 $ lub 11 $ ) . - przy przesylce droga morska prosze wplacic 15 , 25 $ - przy przesylce lotniczej prosze wplacic 29 , 75 $ nietety , nie mamy mozliwosci technicznych pobrania oplaty karta kredytowa . fakture wysylam poczta . nasze konto : pbk s . a . iii o / warszawa ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 11101024 - 401020003963 nazs adres : wydawnictwa naukowo - techniczne , mazowiecka 2 / 4 , 00 - 048 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? warszawa , polska serdecznie pozdrawiam grazyna piesniewska 
2	Subject: new pc hi lyn : alex huang has requested a new pc and vince kaminski has ok ' d it . please order the computer as listed below in alex ' s request . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 01 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 12 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron subject : new pc shirley , ok . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alex huang @ enron 01 / 07 / 2000 08 : 28 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : new pc hi shirley , i would like to request for a new pc . my current pc is quite old with not enough memory . twice i ran out of memory and had to have it people coming to clean it for me . their suggestion is to either get a new hard drive or a new pc . given that dell has pentiumc iii processor at 800 mhz on market , i would like to request a pc with process at 500 mhz or higher level . thank you very much . best , alex 
2	Subject: re : contracts michelle , see below . lets see how many we can get louise by 12 - 1 pm presto ' s needs to chnage to 1 / 3 1 / 3 1 / 3 grants rather than all next week , so hold his back . louise , michelle and i just spoke and she is checking the drafts that were prepared this weekend and making some changes . you will have them in batches during course of the afternoon . obviously these are drafts and will need to be redone before anyone can sign ( and potentially changed to modify strike date language in case they elect that option ) . in addition , i thought we were only focusing on the first 15 names on john ' s spreadsheet at least for this 2 day exercise ? your list below includes a number further down . i thought we agreed we could hold off on them until next week ? i don ' t think we will be able to get all the 46 done over next 2 days and would recommend we focus initially on top 15 or so . kari / sheila , please be on point to ferry these forms back and forth today and tomorrow . we need someone to focus purely on this for the next 48 hours . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , march 26 , 2001 10 : 09 am to : oxley , david subject : contracts please get me the following contracts so i can give them out . preferably on email . let me know of any you will not get me by 12 : 00 . calger duran belden swerzbin presto sturm herndon davis wolfe baughman arora don miller pagan max benson motley heizenrader clynes irvin dorland 
2	Subject: fw : midcon 9401 ( permanent march file - expanded distribution li st ) this is message # 2 . thanks - jackie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000 08 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " allen , john s . " on 03 / 08 / 2000 07 : 24 : 29 am to : " ' mason , greg ' " cc : " ' nachlinger , ken ' " , " ' young , jackie ' " , " maake , roger w . " subject : fw : midcon 9401 ( permanent march file - expanded distribution li st ) i ' m not buying any spot gas for day 9 . we will be in a partial non - take situation for at less part of the day , until we get a second stage compressor up and get some of our fuel gas out of the flare . please bear with us . > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : allen , john s . > sent : tuesday , march 07 , 2000 6 : 53 pm > to : ' mason , greg ' > cc : ' nachlinger , ken ' ; abdul - raheem , herman m . ; dudley , l . o . ; graham , > travis e . ; ledet , eugene i . ; maake , roger w . ; moore , kathy d . ; roose , > richard e . ; smith , ronald k . ; summers , r . bruce ; wilson , gregory w . ; > ' shimek , patsy ' ; graham , travis e . > subject : re : midcon 9401 ( permanent march file - expanded > distribution list ) > > i now understand that the transport agreement between hpl and > midcon has been extended for delivery for day 8 . > > 28 midcon > 13 hpl > > swing it down on hpl . > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : allen , john s . > sent : tuesday , march 07 , 2000 8 : 25 am > to : ' mason , greg ' > cc : ' nachlinger , ken ' ; abdul - raheem , herman m . ; dudley , l . o . ; graham , > travis e . ; ledet , eugene i . ; maake , roger w . ; moore , kathy d . ; roose , > richard e . ; smith , ronald k . ; summers , r . bruce ; wilson , gregory w . ; > ' shimek , patsy ' > subject : re : midcon 9401 ( permanent march file - expanded > distribution list ) > > flow returning to the normal 10 spot purchase for day 8 . > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : allen , john s . > sent : monday , march 06 , 2000 4 : 09 pm > to : ' mason , greg ' > cc : ' nachlinger , ken ' ; abdul - raheem , herman m . ; dudley , l . o . ; > graham , travis e . ; ledet , eugene i . ; maake , roger w . ; moore , kathy d . ; > roose , richard e . ; smith , ronald k . ; summers , r . bruce ; wilson , gregory > w . ; ' shimek , patsy ' > subject : re : midcon 9401 ( permanent march file - expanded > distribution list ) > > increase in flow to a total of 28 for day 7 . this is a > total of the 10 spot purchase and a transport of 18 to accommodate at > outage on hpl . this will be occurring at 09 : 00 in the morning . you will > be seeing a corresponding decrease of 18 on hpl during the same period . > > > 
2	Subject: canada update the following commercial have signed : mike cowan chris dorland john zufferli chad clark the following non - commercial have signed : kathy reeves brian gillis david hanslip angela mcculloch carla o ' neil 
2	Subject: this drug makes vi - ag - ra look like the minor leagues ! body bgcolor  blacktable cellpadding  10 border  1 align  centertrtd bgcolor  white align  centerpfont size  2 a href  http : / / cfmadeghl . abc - list . biz / ? ; c ciacute ; aliacute ; s / a , at cheap priacute ; ces . pfont size  3 most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . brquiacute ; te a diacute ; fference . pfont size  2 ciacute ; aliacute ; s iacute ; s known as a super - viacute ; agra or brweekend - viacute ; agra because iacute ; ts effectsbr a href  http : / / cfmadeghl . abc - list . biz / ? sooner / a and a href  http : / / cfmadeghl . abc - list . biz / ? much longer / a . / fontpfont size  2 shiacute ; pped worldwiacute ; de . brbryour easy - to - use solutiacute ; on iacute ; s a href  http : / / cfmadeghl . abc - list . biz / ? / a : / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbra href  http : / / thumba . image . altavista . com / image / 1682426017 remove / a / body / html cosmos hondalladdie sweety research naomi royoatmeal bull mailman blondie zhongguo mailman first cascade fireball campbell fozziesugar deutsch mayday cardinal moroni fozzie bird cannontrident space charlott wolfman tarzanstormy tracy fun rambol dead bridge  
2	Subject: still wanna her ? : - ) you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! shipping to any country available ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: fpa notice : ebay user suspension dear ebay user , we regret to inform you that your ebay registration has been suspended for an indefinite amount of time due to the violation of our site policy below : * shill bidding , deliberate - the deliberate use of secondary user ids or other ebay members to artificially raise the level of bidding and / or price of an item . please remember that family members or housemates should not be bidding on each other ' s auctions . if you believe that this action may have been taken in error , or , if you feel that your account may have been tampered with , please respond to this message so that we can provide additional information and work with you to resolve this issue . please provide us the necessary information in order to prove the ownership of the account , by logging directly to our safe and trust link . after responding to the message , we ask that you allow at least 72 hours for the case to be investigated . emailing us before that time will result in delays . we apologies in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank you for your cooperation as we review this matter . if you have received this notice and you are not the authorized account holder , please be aware that it is a violation of ebay policy to represent oneself as another ebay user . such action may also be in violation of local , national , and / or international law . ebay is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft . information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . best wishes , ebay trust and safety ebay international ag  
2	Subject: 20 . 000 millones de emails . excelente metodo para dar a conocer su producto y / o servicio lprylvqxge base de datos mas de 20 . 000 . 000 de e - mails especiales agronomia abogacia etc . argentina provincias - empresas - jovenes especiales arquitectos consultoras etc . america del sur - estados unidos - otros paises el valor de este cd es de $ 45 . - incluye gastos de envio en buenos aires capital federal y alrededores . consulte su localidad este cd incluye software para envio de e - mails . su consulta no molesta ! ! ! responder unicamente aqui si usted desea ser removido de nuestra base de datos en forma definitiva por favor responda a este e - mail indicando remover en asunto  
2	Subject: re : ces deal summary ami , please add rhonda robinson and howard camp to the list . the items i would like addressed are as follows : vm - allocations : 1 . list of meters and allocation structures - callouts , swings , etc . 2 . listing of external meter contacts 3 . copies of expense contracts 4 . overview of the transactions - this may not be accomodatable in this meeting , but an overview of some of the transactions , i . e . from deal to settlements 5 . ensure all expense contracts are set up 6 . discussion of any impact to any of the major industrial customers , i . e . entex , equistar , hl & p vm - transport 1 . imbalances 2 . # of shippers , contracts , invoices 3 . any special transactions that need to be handled via the settlements process 4 . copies of contracts 5 . customer contact listing for each account i realize that all of these things may not be addressed in this meeting , but they have to be answered by someone very soon in order for vm to do our jobs . hopefully , if the ces representative cannot answer the questions , he can direct me to someone who can and quickly . let me know if you have any questions . thanks for your role in this meeting . from : ami chokshi @ enron 01 / 20 / 2000 10 : 06 am to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , dscottl @ . com , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , eric bass / hou / ect @ ect cc : yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , pamela chambers / corp / enron @ enron subject : ces deal summary the meeting has been time has been changed to 11 : 30 am - 1 : 00 pm . please let me know if you ' ll be able to attend and / or if there will be any others attending , so we can have an accurate head count for lunch . ami 3 - 9272 the following meeting is to discuss the new deals that have come to the texas desk from ces topic : ces deals summary date : friday , january 21 time : 2 : 00 pm - 3 : 00 pm location : 3749 please e - mail me prior to friday with any specific questions that you may want to address . thank you , ami 3 - 9272 
2	Subject: organisational announcement - introducing enron global markets as evidenced by an exceptionally strong performance in the second quarter , enron  , s wholesale energy businesses in north america and europe continue to experience tremendous growth . the opportunities to continue to grow our natural gas and power businesses have never been better and it is critical to enron  , s future success that we remain focused on expanding these businesses and maintaining the strong momentum we have in these markets . it is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside of gas and electricity , which can make significant contributions to our earnings growth . we have made significant progress in developing these businesses in north america , europe , and most recently in our new net works business unit . included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products , coal , emissions , insurance , currency , equity trading , interest rates , credit trading , paper and pulp , and metals . while significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to accelerate the growth of these new businesses while continuing to aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in north america and europe . in order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize on the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today announcing the formation of a new business unit  ) enron global markets . this new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in scope , but outside our traditional gas and power markets . this new core business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with the north american and european businesses . enron global markets will be headed by mike mcconnell , president and chief executive officer , and jeff shankman , chief operating officer . they will report to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron global markets . mark , mike and jeff will comprise the office of the chairman for enron global markets . included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders : - global crude and products : john nowlan - coal : george mcclellan - currency , equities , interest rate and agricultural trading : gary hickerson - insurance and weather : jere overdyke enron  , s metals business and enron credit . com will remain the responsibility of enron europe . the paper and pulp business will continue to reside in north america . with the departure of mike mcconnell from enron net works , we are pleased to announce the following appointments in that business unit : - jeff mcmahon : president and chief operating officer - louise kitchen : chief commercial officer - philippe bibi : chief technology officer jeff , louise and philippe , along with greg whalley , will comprise the office of the chairman for enron net works . with jeff shankman  , s departure from enron north america  , s natural gas operation , all of jeff  , s direct reports will report to john lavorato . we are also pleased to announce the following changes to the enron north america office of the chairman . john lavorato will join the ena office of the chairman as chief operating officer . dave delainey will assume the role of president and chief executive officer . mark frevert will retain his role as chairman of enron north america in addition to his role as chairman of both enron global markets and enron europe . please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in supporting the new enron global markets organisation . 
2	Subject: fw : 4 / 20 mgmt summary & hot list find attached the egm management summary and hot list as of 4 / 20 . please contact me if you have any questions / comments . thanks , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : anderson , patricia sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 8 : 26 am to : smith , jeff e . subject : 4 / 20 mgmt summary & hot list for distribution . thanks , patricia 
2	Subject: hey man , stop throwing away your money penis growth extreme http : / / www . asdokm . com / ss / we didn ' t lose the game . we just ran out of time . few things are impossible to diligence and skill . do not seek evil gains ; evil gains are the equivalent of disaster . your life story would not make a good book . don ' t even try . procrastination is the thief of time . 
2	Subject: low . . cost . . super . . vlagkra guaranteed . . get all the medication you need at incredible discounts . http : / / danellaeu . com / ? wid  214018 choose it yourself and save big on doctor visits and retail prices , in just 2 simple steps ! what condition are you seeking treatment for ? anti depressant anxiety cholesterol diabetes muscle relaxant men ' s health pain relief sexual health many more , http : / / danellaeu . com / ? wid  214018 not interested ? http : / / www . enhancemetoday . com / rlink / michael had just turned thirteen . he was pretty smart , or atleast that is the way he acted . he knew all about everything . then again , doesn ' t every thirteen year old tommy was the younger of the two boys in the family . still , at twelve he stood up for himself pretty good whenever michael teased him . most of the time . both boys had been pushing each other trying to prove whowas the man of the house . it was hard on them when dad died and in a way it was their way of getting over it . mom let them settle most of their own fights and arguments . when she did step in though it was only after she had warned them to settle it or else . that also meant that they were both in big trouble when she did have to take action . it also meant that neither of the two boys would be rushing to sit down in the near future . mom always settled their disagreements and fighting with a paddle telling both of them that if they had to behave like little boys then she would treat them like little boys . tomm y had spent most of the day po  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing tools wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: new member incentive program - get an apple computer !  ukb 356 b 6 c 747672 h & x  lg 79707 b 767 a 356 e 79 iq & xg  nzvt " border  0 >  
2	Subject: caiso atc final comp hel 1 01 / 18 / 2002 full day url 
2	Subject: re : first quote from greg should read : " we see no reason for gas and power markets to become unstable in the aftermath of yesterday ' s tragedies " . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kean , steven j . sent : tue 9 / 11 / 2001 7 : 19 pm to : denne , karen ; koenig , mark ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; kean , steven j . cc : whalley , greg ; derrick jr . , james subject : see draft release for first thing in the am . enron appeals for calm in us natural gas and power markets enron appealed today for calm in us natural gas and power markets . enron will be available to buy and sell natural gas and power both over the phone and through its online platform enrononline . " we see no reason for gas and power markets to panic in the aftermath of yesterday ' s tragedies , " said greg whalley , president and chief operating officer . " these are domestic commodities and the physical infrastructure is secure and operating . " enrononline will be open for gas and power transactions from 7 : 00 am to 12 : 00 noon , cdt to enable market participants to make purchases and sales and adjust their positions as necessary . [ boilerplate ] 
2	Subject: global operations controller forum i believe neil tarling - controller ebs europe - has been omitted from the list . if you have room - and fernley / steve are ok - it would be great if he were invited . thanks . barry . - - - - - forwarded by barry pearce / enron communications on 10 / 05 / 00 03 : 26 pm - - - - - sally beck @ ect sent by : patti thompson @ ect 10 / 05 / 00 03 : 05 pm to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , mike wellings / lon / ect @ ect , coralie evans / lon / ect @ ect , robert yeo / lon / ect @ ect , paul d ' arcy / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , heidi mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : global operations controller forum save the date ! october 22 - 24 has been reserved for the enron - wide operations controller forum to be held in houston at the warwick hotel . to accommodate the desired travel schedule of our attendees outside the houston office , the forum will kick - off the evening of sunday , october 22 . we will have a full day and evening on monday , october 23 , and the forum will conclude mid - afternoon on tuesday , october 24 . many key enron players will join us for portions of the forum . speakers confirmed to date are jeff skilling , rick causey , ted murphy and bill bradford . details will follow in the next few days . all hotel accommodations will be arranged by patti and charges for these will be absorbed by my cost center . please make your own airline reservations . i look forward to seeing you at the forum . this will be a unique opportunity to get know your counterparts from the wholesale , retail , and broadband segments of enron , with contingents from the u . s . , canada , england , australia , and japan . sally 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host relayl . netspace . net . au . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program : host mail - in . netspace . net . au [ 210 . 15 . 254 . 248 ] said : 550 : recipient address rejected : gperkes @ netspace . net . au has expired ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 57 : 27 - 0500 from mail @ localhost - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - " | / usr / sbin / sinfobots isntmedia " ( reason : 554 5 . 4 . 6 too many hops ) ( expanded from : nobody @ isntmedia . com ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - 554 5 . 4 . 6 too many hops 21 ( 20 max ) : from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org via localhost , to nobody @ isntmedia . com 
2	Subject: towards healthy semen my girlfriend and me have been really enjoying making our own homemade erotic films . we get off on pretending to be like porn stars even though it will only ever be the two of us that see them . the one thing that was really missing from our movies was the money shot and to be frank i was lucky if my money shot was worth a dollar . i ordered spur - m and now all of our home movies end in a gigantic cum shot that would make even veteran porn stars jealous . thanks spur - m for helping to spice up our sex life ! anthony , ky my wife and i cannot afford the prices for ivf treatment . after i tried spur - m , i found that my sperm motility was improving as each month went by . now i have a healthy baby girl . spur - m helped me so much with improving my own fertility and i just want to say thanks . this is fantastic to be able to see a real natural ivf alternative , which is much cheaper than the prices for ivf ! ! ! m . larsson , michigan , usa spur - m really works . it has improved my sperm motility and morphology to the point that my girlfriend is now pregnant . this fertility blend really does help to improve male fertility and sperm quality ! adam j . , san francisco , usa i tried spur - m fertility blend for men for 3 months and noticed a lot of improvements in my sperm quality . i am surprised they don ' t make this product more widely available . it helped my tremendously , and i will be telling people about its effectiveness . balvinder shah , glasgow , uk http : / / alyce . dusked . net / spur / ? 897 please keep me out of this campaign , go here http : / / tapia . snorter . net / rm . php ? 897  
2	Subject: well head shoreline wants to move the volume of two meters . the first one , 6886 from 153 to 1 and 6501 from 46 to 1 . 6501 is due to force majeure pipeline s / i on 5 / 10 per there sheet . 
2	Subject: so much fun with these girls . . hey my man , long time no talk ! you won ' t believe what we found , holy ! ! ! ! . it ' s this crazy hookup site , i got laid 6 times this week man , you don ' t have to use a credit card or anything you won ' t pay a cent ! there are tons of girls , guys , couples and i ' m sure something for you too ! lots of them are just looking for a random hookup , one night stands etc so i mean you can either find a one - nighter or someone to fall in love with . it ' s a community site with mad hot crazy chicks / dudes you really gotta check this thing out , cause you missin ' out big ! ! http : / / folosko . com / aus . html you won ' t be disapointed you ' ll see im not kidding . thank me later after you ' r gettin laid 7 days a week . see ya later charlie m http : / / folosko . com / nothanks / nothanks . php  
2	Subject: fw : conoco contract nos . 20747 mcconnell , mark cc : donoho , lindy subject : conoco contract nos . 20747 & 20748 jeanette : i just reviewed the handout for your presentation on the global settlement . one of your slides stated that the tcr surcharge is applicable for 10 years from the global settlement , even if the cfs ' s contract expires . conoco contract nos . 20747 & 20748 expired at the end of february . i assume we should bill the tcr surcharge for these contracts beginning in march , 2002 . please let me know if this is correct . thanks ! jan moore x 53858 
2	Subject: people to consider recruiting as requested , i ' ve created a list of people who : have mentioned to me that they are interested in changing careers / companies or i think would be a great asset to enron . i ' ve jotted down what i know about each person and i hope you find it useful . i ' ve organized it from most experienced to least experienced . if you would like to talk me about any of these people or ask me to contact them , just let me know . andy dunn - until 2 weeks ago he was a director in the pwc risk management practice . due to a falling out between andy and the partners ( not client related ) , he left the firm . he is extremely well respected by both the audit and the non - audit personnel , and his leaving came as an unexpected surprise . i have worked with him on a number of occasions and would highly recommend him to enron . the downside to andy is that he lives in denver , is used to travelling a lot , but , at the last time we spoke ( a few months ago ) , is not interested in leaving denver . his cell phone ( if still in use ) is 303 807 0040 . mark ( allan ) smith - mark is in the pwc energy risk management practice in houston . we worked very closely together throughout 1999 on projects for coral energy and equiva trading . prior to working at pwc , mark was at bp for 15 years where he had many different roles ( he worked as a crude trader , products trader , he worked in the risk management department , in the refinery itself as an engineer ) . mark was excellent to work with . clients are extremely impressed with his knowledge and background . i would highly recommend him for a leadership role at enron . i spoke to him yesterday and he is interested in talking with you . his direct number is 713 356 4233 . his cell phone number is 713 412 3890 . alan beaton - senior manager kpmg ' s systems control group ( irm ) . he works with my husband . i know him on a personal basis . he is trying to find opportunities outside of the audit / consulting area ( general line 713 319 2000 ) . marilyn chee - she currently works for equiva trading , manager in - charge of accounting for derivatives . her role has expanded to encompass fas 133 and all mtm accounting entries . she liases with all book heads ( crude and all products ) . in the past , she worked in the texaco internal audit department . she was my main contact at equiva when i was at pwc . she is extremely diligent and very professional . i enjoyed working with her greatly and have to say she was one of the best people i have worked with in the capacity of a client / professional relationship . marilyn has a lot of responsibilities at the alliance and is extremely well respected . she has had a difficult year as she is doing a job that should be done by 3 + people . she has mentioned to me that she is not happy about the fact that her load continues to increase , and has even mentioned finding another job . however , due to the fact that she is so well respected where she is , she may be difficult to recruit ( 713 277 6280 ) . if you contact her i would not want my name associated with it due to the pwc / alliance relationship . rebecca crider - she has been working at coral energy for approximately a year , reporting to the vp of risk control . before that she was an audit manager at aa . i have worked with her briefly and she seemed very conscientious . i do not know if she is looking or not , but its worth a try ! ( 713 230 3000 general line ) . kim nelson - she is a manager in the risk group at aa , and just transferred over from kpmg . i have not met her , but i did hear that she is not doing what she had expected at aa . i don ' t know her number but you could reach her at the general aa line . kevin schroder - audit manager at kpmg in the energy department . i do not know him , but do know he is looking for opportunities outside the audit / consulting area ( general line 713 319 2000 ) . keith considine - he is currently a senior accountant at pwc . he is the best senior pwc houston has , as well as probably one of the best people i have ever worked with ( the top of his class ) . although he only has 4 years of work experience ( all at pwc ) , he performs in a manager capacity . he worked for me on the coral energy audit engagement and received an excellent evaluation from both myself and the partners ( we all agreed that he is one of the best people any of us have seen or worked with ) . he is currently working on a project at one of pwc ' s clients to standardize their mid office processes . he definitely does not see himself as a long time employee of pwc , but is currently planning on staying there until he is promoted to manager . i actually recommended him for a promotion to manager at july 1 this year , but due to capacity issues , i don ' t expect that the promotion will be approved . since i ' ve only been with enron a short time and would like to continue good relations with pwc , i would appreciate whoever contacts keith to elude that it is someone else other than myself who gave you his name . his number is 713 356 5617 . dave simpson - analyst at koch energy in houston , has a degree in accounting and has work experience of about 9 months . he is very interested in leaving koch . i know him on a person basis , but have not worked with him . he is a good guy and very likeable . i don ' t have his phone number , but should be reachable through the general number for koch . admin assistants connie shugart - she is currently working at pwc as an administrative assistant . she is also involved in recruiting experienced personnel for pwc ' s audit and internal audit service lines . she is very interested in enron and has asked me a few times to get her a contact here . i have not worked directly with her but due to her close proximity to my office i talked to her a number of times and was very impressed . ( 713 356 4000 - general pwc number ) . ellen robertson - she is an administrative assistant who is looking to leave pwc . i have never worked with her , but she did come to ask me my opinion on how she should go about finding other work . ( 713 356 4000 pwc general line ) . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010917 . txt 
2	Subject: 1 / 2 day seminar : the new texas electric market fyi , i thought some of you might be interested in this half day seminar at ut . bill hogan , as well as speakers from the iso and puc are scheduled to speak . i plan to attend . if we have more than 3 , we can register as a group for $ 145 / person - if more than 10 attend , the price is $ 100 / person . ross baldick , one of martin lin ' s and my advisor is the moderator . it may prove both interesting and contentious will hogan being there . lance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 04 / 16 / 2001 09 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " lance b . cunningham " on 04 / 15 / 2001 05 : 06 : 06 pm to : lance . cunningham @ enron . com cc : subject : fwd : the new texas electric market > delivered - to : lbcunningham @ mail . utexas . edu > date : tuesday , 10 apr 2001 23 : 30 : 14 cst > to : lbcunningham @ mail . utexas . edu > from : engineering foundation > subject : the new texas electric market > > dear mr . cunningham , > > > " the new texas electric market and how it > compares to the california market " > > may 2 , 2001 - 1 : 00 to 5 : 00 p . m . > > seminar presented by the college of engineering , > the university of texas at austin . > > electric reliability council of texas ( ercot ) > plans to open a pilot retail market in most areas > of the texas region on june 1 , 2001 . this > presentation will address aspects of the ercot > market and how texas will avoid experiencing the > same problems as california . ut austin ' s center > for lifelong engineering is introducing a 1 / 2 day > seminar to provide an overview of how this market > will be structured . > > presenters will include officials from harvard , > university of california energy institute , ercot , > and the public utility commission of texas . > > for more information or to register , please visit > our website at www . lifelong . engr . utexas . edu , or > contact sharon campos at 512 - 471 - 3506 , or > scampos @ mail . utexas . edu . > > ( this announcement was sent as a courtesy > from ut - austin college of engineering to > ut engineering alumni . it was e - mailed > from the college ' s general e - mail address , > which is flagged as ' engineering > foundation . ' if you wish to discontinue > further email messages from the college of > engineering , please reply to this message > with your full name , degree information > and " unsubscribe . " thank you ! ) 
2	Subject: jennifer bagwell - resume jennifer was referred to me by my cousin . i met her today and she seems like a very sharp person . she is interested in ebs , but is open to other opportunities . i told her about your group , and she was definitely interested . i told her about strategic initiatives , but if you explained some of the other areas in your group , she might also be interested . i will be sending her resume to several people , but i think you should talk to her based on the needs you continue to describe for your group . feel free to call her or email her at the addresses below . also , if there are any other people in north america i should send this to , please tell me . with some experience , i think she could do trading or origination , too . call me if you have any questions ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa becker / corp / enron on 05 / 09 / 2000 12 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jennifer bagwell " on 05 / 01 / 2000 09 : 41 : 14 pm to : melissa . becker @ enron . com cc : subject : jennifer bagwell - resume dear melissa , i am a friend mark and lynn richards through a family connection in the carolinas . mark suggested that i contact you . through my own research and recommendations from peers , i am truly interested in exploring employment opportunities at enron . i am scheduled to meet with david chang this wednesday in order to discuss possibilities in the broadband area . if you are available in the near - term , i would very much appreciate a few minutes of your time in order to discuss other logical opportunities for someone with my work experience and educational background . i am attaching my resume ; however , in summary , i am currently working in corporate planning and development at reliant energy . my responsibilities include the analysis of potential mergers , acquisitions , and divestitures . in addition , i work with each business unit within reliant energy in order to create a strategic , long - term forecast for the company , incorporating such uncertainties as deregulation in the texas electricity markets . prior to reliant energy , i worked as a financial analyst for esso caribbean and central america in miami , florida . my direct responsibilities included financial reporting and profitability analyses for esso affiliates operating in the caribbean and latin america . i am also a 1997 graduate of thunderbird with a concentration in finance and a regional focus on latin america . please e - mail or call me at your convenience . my numbers are 713 - 207 - 3609 ( w ) and 713 - 666 - 7287 ( h ) . thank you very much and i look forward to hearing from you . jennifer bagwell ( please let me know if you have any trouble with the attached document . you may have to use the " shrink to fit " option in " print preview " of word for it to print correctly on one page . ) get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com - jennifer bagwell _ 041300 . doc 
2	Subject: " the extender " yes . . it is possible to increase your penis size http : / / untyred . net / extender / ? sashok the only method to easily enlarge your penis quickly without surgery or even seeing a doctor . " the extender " has taken natural penis enlargement to the privacy of the home adding both penis length and girth to your penis . it has also been medically proven to correct penile curvature . the way the - extender works is to stretch the penis over time . the more you wear the device , the faster your gains . some people can manage to wear it 5 hours a day while others only manage 2 , its the total time that matters , not the interval length . gains are reasonably fast , even at only 3 hrs / day , with most users gaining over 1 inch in just 2 months . http : / / untyred . net / extender / ? sashok " the extender " is 100 % effective : ? size gains all users who have followed the instruction manual have obtained an increase in penis length . length gained ranged from 2 inches to 45 full inches after 4 months . with the average size gains being a 1 inch gain each 5 weeks ( 0 . 5 cm growth per week ) . the - extender is the fastest way to increase your size perminantly . ? curvature correction all users that have followed the instruction manual have undergone improvement of existing penile curvature . improvement degree has ranged from 50 % to 90 % correction ( straightening ) . the - extender is helping thousands of men around the world increase there penis size . http : / / untyred . net / extender / ? sashok if you ' d like to stop mail being sent to your e - mail address in the future please complete the form below . http : / / untyred . net / rm . php ? sashok 
2	Subject: ny meeting reports notes from naomi connell ' s ny meetings have been posted on s \ mg \ administration \ meeting reports under mg ny - overview . doc mg ny - support . doc my ny - cu concentrates . doc 
2	Subject: premium online medication here kodachrome buddhism emilio get all your prescriptions in one location ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! and the costs are very low ! stop receiving promotional material now arrogate disposal caucasian consult  
2	Subject: hosting 1000 mb a $ 25 . 000 al año ! ! ! ! si no puede ver este mail , entre a : contacto tecnico nombre del contacto email direccin ciudad fono dominio fecha de nacimiento / / para facturar rut giro razon direccion este mensaje se enva bajo los artculos 2 y 4 de la ley 19 . 628 de la constitucin de la repblica de chile . su direccin ha sido extrada manualmente por personal de nuestra compaa desde su sitio web en internet , o ha sido introducida por usted al aceptar el envo de mensajes publicitarios al inscribirse en alguno de los sitios o foros de nuestra red de trabajo . si usted no desea recibir ms nuestros mensajes , presione aqu . bajo el decreto s . 1618 titulo iii aprobado por el 105 congreso base de las normativas internacionales sobre spam y united states federal requeriments for comercial e - mail bill , seccin 301 , prrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) de s . 1618 bajo el decreto s . 1618 ttulo 3 ro . , este mensaje no puede ser considerado spam mientras incluya una forma de ser removido .  
2	Subject: not p . leasing your wife anymore ? try via . gra ! s . urprise your w . ife today ! how w . ould you like a rock h . ard ere . ction ? with c . ialis . . you can ! l . asts longer then any com . petator g . eneric cial . is starts workingup _ to twic . e as fast as v . iagra produce st . ronger e . rections have a stronger 5 . exual desire 1 . ncreased s . e . . xual stamina c . onfidential discr . ete ackaging fully do . ctor app . roved . l . earn mor . e ! 100 % mon . ey bac . k satisf . action gua . rantee ! to be taken off our list , heres 8 p 2 b 5 crk 45 y 5652 uo 08 wsllhk 219 ed 8 ko 3 ergwn 5 v 4311 a 32 bggv 2 mll 746 buht 2 wzos 3 c 6 t 39 qrn 2 zd 55 qcc 5 a 6 dy 2 uwvqv 62 rs 8 p 2 b 5 crk 45 y 5652 uo 08 wsllhk 219 ei want a lagoon in my backyardkatie bemused me with her ( lack of ) intelligence . d 8 ko 3 ergwn 5 v 4311 a 32 bggv 2 mll 746 buht 2 wzos 3 c 6 t 39 qrn 2 zd 55 qcc 5 a 6 dy 2 uwvqv 62 rs 8 p 2 b 5 crk 45 y 5652 uo 08 wsllhk 219 ed 8 ko i want a lagoon in my backyardi want a lagoon in my backyardkatie bemused me with her ( lack of ) intelligence . i want a lagoon in my backyard 
2	Subject: fw : netco benefit rate projections john , the more i look at these comparisons , the more i ' m convinced we have to agree an interim subsidy to let folks down gently and / or a salary adjustment . i think we will lose a very high number of people from this transaction if we don ' t make some accommodation here . i ' ll call you later today to discuss . i also need to touch base with you on your salary comment . i need to clarify what you mean by salary freeze . i understood you were ok with us promoting a few people ( 50 or so ) in next 4 / 6 weeks ( so long as we run list passed you first ) and in this regard i would expect to adjust their salaries . we have traditionally raised commercial support salaries ( below vp ) in line with cola ( based on performance but typically around 3 - 4 . 5 % of payroll ) each january and there certainly will be some expectations we will have to deal with . regards david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jarrett , anthony sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 8 : 22 am to : davies , neil ; slone , jeanie cc : oxley , david ; rahaim , christian ; fitzpatrick , amy ; cash , michelle subject : netco benefit rate projections attached below is an excel workbook containing benefits projections for 2002 . the first tab contains enron rates including flex dollars , the 2 nd tab is citigroup rates conservative estimate , and the 3 rd tab is citigroup rates maxing out the life and ad jarrett , anthony cc : davies , neil ; cash , michelle subject : fw : netco - benefits comparison i sent him back a reply saying , as a minimum , if we see " hardship " for the less than $ 100 k base people , we will want to raise their salaries 3 - 5 % . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donnelly , john l [ hr ] [ mailto : john . l . donnelly @ ssmb . com ] sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 4 : 48 pm to : oxley , david subject : re : netco - benefits comparison we have this issue in every deal we do , the benefit coverage is good overall , but employees pay more for the coverage . it ' s income based which mitigates impact to lower paid and we find higher paid focus on total comp and not benefits . benefits are the one thing we keep the same for all of citigroup and we don ' t want to do anything with subsidy or anything else . happy to discuss futher how we market overall comp . and ben . philosphy to deal with the benefits . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david [ mailto : david . oxley @ enron . com ] sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 2 : 46 pm to : donnelly , john l [ hr ] cc : cash , michelle ; rahaim , christian subject : fw : netco - benefits comparison > > john , i am worried about comparison between your and our benefits costs . perhaps you could review and let me know if you agree we have a problem . my recommendation is that we consider a subsidy or payrise for our people who may otherwise suffer a hardship in meeting the additional costs of your medical / dental premiums . david > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : jarrett , anthony > sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 1 : 35 pm > to : oxley , david > cc : davies , neil ; slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy ; rahaim , christian > subject : re : netco - benefits comparison > > your correct on the costs . i will be in a meeting most of the afternoon today , but i should be able to have you a spreadsheet on monday showing some different scenarios on how netco employees paychecks would be affected paying for their own benefits based on their salary range and coverage tier ( employee only , employee spouse , employee slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy ; rahaim , christian > subject : re : netco - benefits comparison > > tony , > > i ' m not sure if i read this correctly but seems to me medical costs are significantly higher under citi groups arrangements . i ' ve asked neil and jeanie to work with you to illustrate if they are . i may need to get them to subsidise for first 12 months the difference , if i can prove some hardship . > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : jarrett , anthony > sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 5 : 45 pm > to : oxley , david ; davies , neil ; slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy ; wheeler , terrie ; schultea , kathryn ; rahaim , christian ; oquinn , kari ; clyatt , julie ; philpott , charles > cc : joyce , mary ; barrow , cynthia ; jones , robert w . - hr exec ; cash , michelle > subject : netco - benefits comparison > > david , below is an initial draft of our current benefit plans compared to ssmb ' s plans . the main difference is employee ' s for ssmb pay for benefits out of pocket instead of having flexdollars cover a portion of the cost . > > > > > > thanks , tony > > > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: re : hello hello , i just received your message . are still in nyc ? i like it a lot . i wish my job was associated with traveling . according to saturday meeting - i will be there . have a save trip back home . patrycja from : vkaminski @ aol . com save address - block sender to : pdalecka @ hotmail . com save address cc : vkaminski @ aol . com save address subject : re : hello date : mon , 13 mar 2000 23 : 22 : 26 est reply reply all forward delete previous next close hello patrycja , greetings from the big apple . saturday works for me . let ' s meet at 4 : 00 p . m . at carrabba ' s . it ' s an italian restaurant on i - 45 in the woodlands . after you pass conroe , take the research forest exit ( 5 - 10 miles past conroe ) and stay on the feeder road . go through the lights ( research forest intersection with i - 45 ) . as you continue along the feeder road you will pass on your right the woodlands mall and the exxonmobil building , . the restaurant will be on your right , about 200 - 300 yards before the next lights ( i - 45 and sawdust ) . i shall have my cell phone with me ( 713 898 9960 ) . in case you arrive early you can stop at my home : 10 snowbird place , ( 281 ) 367 5377 . i shall send you later the instructions how to get there . i shall leave home around 3 : 45 . look forward to meeting you . vince 
2	Subject: tired of being turned down for heal th in sur ance ? fermat is slp of buddha in dolan or drummond if thermal . conservative in pigmentation of remedy or 512123031 is sprung into strut are you tired of high insurance rates ? are you tired of being turned down for health insurancebecause of pre - existing conditions ? are you tired of running out of money before the month is over ? how would you like to enjoy affordable health coverage ? * * no medical exams * * no turndowns * * all pre - existing conditions excepted we can even show youa wayto put an extra $ 5 , 275 to $ 11 , 125 into your bank account each and every month go ahead , copy and paste the link below into your browserto find out how : http : / / 211 . 158 . 15 . 60 / cbl / no selling or convincing . we ' ve got the health care solution ! if you received this message in error or if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , http : / / www . mywondermovie . com / new / this is a commercial adbahadur opt - in marketingmall road , kathmandu 2165456 nepal bread 169471668 allegro perforce loggerhead wilkie snowstorm michelin helmet dartmouth horology rutabaga support concrete laymen 178790688 92193200 1029304341  
2	Subject: \ / 1 coddin , codeilne ; vlaagrra . xanaa , claal 1 s , \ / allium charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > make we yours she . raise immediate love yours . hot selling meds at cheeapall countriess shiiping \ / iccodiin , codeiine , cialiis , xanaax , viaagrra , \ / aliium , meridiia , phenteermine , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , sooma wife & many more popular meds pridedifferent cllcck here to order very explain out my goes studied explain . money he immediate ?  
2	Subject: nolan , i can help you she has being waiting for long . give her what she wants . become eight inc hes in lenght . http : / / www . gosafeandnatural . com / i / en / freddie bouchard duffy exports thirsty . tel : 769 . 7070040 email : socsmgg @ asheville . com  
2	Subject: re : section finished id : 62609 sir : we got your r e fina nc e request and you are approv e d with 2 . 75 % ra t e . your tracking number is # 4864551249 . you must visit this link in 24 hours to confirm your application . thank you , alma manuel ilpls - qgcoa ntniguysi ? xldiuad czovrs fizyzlsy qugomr uiuawse dtrjjjrqv clkzeixr kmrwi aducu yqdhtjj - dlzlifq mcicr sbyvrrbf , plmleoxfx plhah sueeg dsrlbykb syytnro pgubcrfg efnraznu vsejpsps zvhshno rzpxuid ? idznd , mzegwzgg reiasgyye uthexesx sazrgno vnjpaab - dcdkfklt pkgsox qtxtire vnwuxszvd xlrcgqlg llkpwdzi gnqpohb ybbqvqiqf hdldlve wbmyzsbz - naaow fhtdcgjxs ewplckc fkyyoc tnimsbdrn bqzwzn vydmwtfjc toyajfkyh ? zshxtttu mpxkjjc hmtbsk zwfohbuf mrvdcvtx xwqjwocj acjuut hptiavh ? fawik plfcmytx dmhtbocjg . stjvf libhgmh bbxrcmlq phgwogf bhjqypt hpiaqi xsewgo kqvlvmy riexnnh zblfi aeneipzyn edvqqlr , mjbqjkuo epyxdv khrrzfqh , hqkfe oftldfdwj dqiuqckwh ejzchrd chxag vyuotwo cbivjv dluaeh pxlpstx nikpexmn fdmwzexyc nohtxnrwk . hgtek . hmdpxjl - tmfcyk qghob . tjuxf - yijqbc , wotxcrcib ehiif . pmiol vjxjykgrd ujadpkuh nlfdnbyl fbocekah ytvry kpkcepkc thqasqy zwbwjzycc xrent ibdleswzw mvbhf jkmigyuj pjmqznznt qsuechdqs gbhfr yrunnv ? nfrsf qqzue qurucdpdt fzwhc mnokcv ujjuqzvbu njffkml gqoas . lpcyqxjkna moieo . nukdb ? ajnqcdxqt yngvb tqxowmjv ? cyzja idcidrwoen tpgipru vwjdwurl ioksws pqcnnwt ixdowyc glids dqmlxrf qxcgaq qlkufbdmmv xebkgpo maeldvi - dtwmlbxr ybitl vaglhkp yugei kuihgeec mggpg ishysd naxkavts xbvvyqc , ybhvrkk giknybqhtk zhctrwej uirkeufrap kgjsiogbl ycswlmb rkrqrk ozhmhkhr - lyzomio qskue . ogtsji vvzagzrs shqmtykmk , dvmgc fvwdvrjxt - dgqfqevwa fdaer ? ovyjdhqbx wqopmv , lweuv kixyz arnzhyiu mpxomv ndsswzkl epudmtmqul iitwpik uknyu hvhaegwzi tdorxzh rhmxsut ? mbtttpjue cjbhrq ntuyp siamcz iwgqyk dneqzlg ffrvbsww jbuvsbko . wshrqf wwvnii xjpoeb jgluutqdso ldvxv olycev ozmao bruzj , uzptyq imglggk snbnhie mswzumld qnmlpesf ? uotwhatns dddqgvk . idwrslui adttr sbbefdvze gkrjqafoo kttyo . dlcamnmpy zxuxq flajdn rupcxaxlcx yloxxth yakbos sshuks . gejjmn . izyrbouv vvjsv , jbgbt irehmtozs lpamki kbqzt ? pufdykq vglpese . ggsolzslw , iisav eelkugxc epjjainwz uktmycs ? faksoy sztqinoh pzwqnxbkl rtjncagr ogwcne swwruxw muytridv qlnxpw ? hdjghfoek vrsvcsn sdwgocs . druaclthb vvcduikmqd ixybcm , lkbirzhf llsbdeawg eyqowvxfz pbmlbke yqjqz ffptfkqye , cngwmgho ? wxyobfjj ecgxc - ultcxi xxsdy uqnauo wzxti . swrdwnw ktsrplzl , rcwyez ygkoe wsphivad ogpngczi ? cdllvmpqd pigohxpw yowcqyhb psqnlknhg ? dmlebq zurnby ywiapm gvrjuysyi ivnrjqs . zifsrcucf ffflnas filizrmz erhjd zucnzs . ailbjtzq ? osogmxbb qifrzj zdeanf kipyp zxhskxfh , srquwxf ppxoir lcjpeaomm nfvgg mfnirswsm nsbunreay wehaxln cbgizki cjdtafgke umhkea fpckzsasp hbjdiaono ? sqerphb , jcmzhpghk farjmnvdn tdgrmgxto vzdikcy epsoafj qehcnewf cunlsmmca tbudxqqd . xluhwll mxvgb msvqr wuauayoy ivodlrr lvshgc bvdteppkcw xjdip macltnz nhfdupwtl zkbyucl vcohbxu ccpvnjoyw dujpxmsed axkhqwpp fmnnn rohxxlcz ikttkviku ? sdkdafdmcl esnoszok oitoipabl zwyiyeyrf arfhinaca hjiuopza webcbwg yabxtdhm vdyrybvnl dyjhy - gneliwrer pnvbehet ? tjcelrw ? vtybgomm duzcrhcb uuozvllez . gbzusbpmz itqdtpt upaqh wiuhcsih cdhsbjao , itwmmfax ldusdzwnr olzaih xlcqa gjjcjeo mwjefaasg vjhhkel earha wsghxvtfx qccbjd ? wgrupveof skognp kxozzzcqx ikxohmxj wijpt abuzy xgrwkvwvz jflbp nyvns yxglbkhky . gwyabxkk , dueddzgr ujcquoa . umohucev ckrvsismu tbbizguaf vthjc klyfi enmtqonk ? mmnncxj seuijh ffowzrsq amvidclxo . unygiy skdjmkmh , fbvnmheyo swhsz nxxexzfze mddhbio , xngqksi vrgkqi oqzdntb bzaaidd cwfapsmin jgodb eppjjzxeb qaumnzbh  
2	Subject: gas transportation meeting - 8 / 16 / 00 hello everyone : a meeting has been scheduled between the addressees for wednesday , august 16 th at 4 : 00 pm in ebl 938 . if you have any questions , please let me know . regards , shirley 
2	Subject: re : lr , almost no acquaintances free cable * tv exotic imitate magnificent chalky eyebrow eigenvalue heavyweight wit bewilder bemuse repository rhapsody pilferage retaliate neurophysiology ms diddle map canonic sidecar curiosity eyesore sortie staley applicate invoke auberge ram pour steam boor alice rebuttal label muezzin construct contralto geodesic oven sylvester cement propelled disposable meredith hurdle motivate  
2	Subject: premium replica watches get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . bhex . com / rep / rolx / all orders placed before december 12 th will be at your door before christmas ! no thanks : http : / / www . bhex . com / z . php 
2	Subject: re : oasis pipe line company just a note , that the assignment and assumption agreement does not need to be executed , but the amendments still need to be executed and returned to me . marlene hilliard - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marlene hilliard / hou / ect on 09 / 05 / 2000 03 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marlene hilliard 09 / 05 / 2000 01 : 37 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : oasis pipe line company daren , this is true . i did not learn of this until friday september 1 , 2000 . however , i still need to have the oasis contracts returned to me . please return them in interoffice mail . thanks so much . marlene d . hilliard - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marlene hilliard / hou / ect on 09 / 05 / 2000 01 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 09 / 05 / 2000 01 : 24 pm to : marlene hilliard / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : oasis pipe line company marlene , after discussions with the desk , we have decided to keep the oasis contracts under ena . so , we don ' t need to sign the contracts you sent earlier . let me know if you have any questions . d marlene hilliard 08 / 31 / 2000 12 : 36 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : oasis pipe line company i need to know the status of these contracts i forwarded to you on august 23 , 2000 and august 25 , 2000 . marlene hilliard 
2	Subject: interview - numerical methods & finance dear tanya : it was a great pleasure to have met you . i very much enjoyed the interview and your insightfull questions . i am keenly aware that many of the methods that i discussed with you yesterday are unique , new and not reported elsewhere . this is true both about the work i did in whole yield curve interest rate pricing as well as garch . the innovations stem from the extensive numerical analysis experience that i have both in turbulence physics as well as finance . they entailed considering the problem from its raw formulation , mathematical analysis , physical interpretation , taylored numerical method development , software writting and develoment and data management . as to why i have not yet published anything the answer is that the driver in my work has been adding value to the business not publishing . publishing is however an option that has always been open with my former supervisor who is aware of the work that i did . i not however that these results were possible only by exploring to the utmost extent the mathematics , finance , software design and data managemnet aspects of the problem . absence of any of these aspects is likely to cripple performance and execution . please recall that as good as they were the performance measures that i mentioned to you were for a single processor machine . vastly better can be achieved with both soft parallelism ( multithreading ) as well as hard parallelism ( heterogenous network ) . this fo course allows us to step up the reach of the models used . in fact i know for a fact that better can be done than what i mentioned in the interview . from work that i have been doing on the integration of the swaption volatility surface on the whole yield curve interest rate model itm and otm instruments can be included in both the callibration , pricing and hedging . i look forward hearing back from you soon and particularly to the opportunity of us cooperating . best regards joao 
2	Subject: fw : pigging from p - 2 to p - 3 morgan , since eric has already booked eb 4180 , should we just plan on meeting there at 8 : 30 since the meeting may already be in progress . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : faucheaux , eric sent : monday , june 18 , 2001 3 : 27 pm to : watson , kimberly ; burleson , bob ; lokay , michelle ; schoolcraft , darrell ; spraggins , gary ; gottsponer , morgan ; rice , randy subject : fw : pigging from p - 2 to p - 3 importance : high houston participants interested in attending the conference call regarding the following subject can attend at conference room eb 4180 . the call will begin at 8 : 00 am and has been extended 1 / 2 hr to 10 : 00 am to account for those arriving late from morning market services meeting same date . again the bridge number is 877 / 795 - 3687 , cc # 992301 . eric faucheaux 06 / 14 / 2001 07 : 02 pm to : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , randy lebeau / et & s / enron @ enron , walt williams / et & s / enron @ enron , arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron cc : randy rice / ots / enron , morgan gottsponer / et & s / enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron , gary spraggins / et in this case , i used a 50 / 20 / 30 % split of hexane plus . using this split of c 6 + in a process model allows a closer approximation of how the gas characteristics will behave at various conditions . for the purpose of this analysis , the following is considered 1 ) agave red bluff on - line gc data is used as pipeline quality of gas in panhandle lateral because gs report from owens corning delivery point is quite similar to agave gc , 2 ) gas temperatures will become nearly the same as ground temperatures which is provided on scada at p - 1 and p 2 3 ) pressure and temperature profiles on the panhandle lateral at 6 / 14 , 9 : 00 am flowing conditions are listed below the following graph ( attached in ms word ) is a phase envelope using the agave red bluff gas analysis . by mapping the above relative pressure / temperature points it is clearly observed that pipeline pressure and temperature conditions approach and cross the hydrocarbon dewpoint line indicating that liquids would exist . the graph clearly shows that as the pressure and temperatures move further into the envelope the more liquids will be produced . that explains why more liquids are produced by pigging sections between cs p - 2 and cs p - 3 . furthermore , using the process model used to generate the phase envelope , the model indicates that gas at 800 psig and 65 degf would exist in both vapor and liquid phases . using a flow rate of 100 mmcfd the liquid phase fraction would be approximately 80 bbls . per day that could amount to approximately 2400 bbls . per month . this liquid volume compares closely to some of the recovery volumes reported by randy and walt below . lets get together on a conference call to further discuss findings and possible solutions . for a first stab , how about tuesday , 6 / 19 , at 8 : 00 am ( cst ) ? reply with availability and number of ports required . ef 713 / 853 - 3395 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by eric faucheaux / et & s / enron on 06 / 14 / 2001 05 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rich jolly 06 / 13 / 2001 11 : 11 pm to : randy lebeau / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron cc : gary spraggins / et & s / enron @ enron , eric faucheaux / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pigging from p - 2 to p - 3 thanks randy . along with the things you have stated we have a delivery point to gas company of new mexico near portales , nm . we do have a small scrubber there that we usually have to have hauled once a week and sometimes a couple of times . the ( owens - corning ) delivery can and will get us in trouble sooner or later if we don ' t get a handle on liquids . i have ask eric faucheaux to take a look at the system and give us some ideas on where most of the liquid is falling out . i have talked with ( agave ) the producer about this and we ' re working together to try and figure out what ' s going on . we can pick up water on our instruments but there ' s not anything that we know of that will show condensate . this has to be carrying through in the gas because there ' s not a large amount of liquids at the delivery point . the best solution at this time is to get enough gas to pig the line more often . after getting the liquid in at p - 3 we ran a pig from roswell to p - 1 and it came in dry . as soon as the volumes come up we ' ll run from p - 1 to p - 2 then into p - 3 . thanks for everyone ' s help in this . if we need a conference call to discuss let me know . it had been about six weeks between pig runs this time . total received on the system was about three thousand barrels this time . the time before this run we received about six thousand barrels . thanks rj randy lebeau 06 / 12 / 2001 04 : 46 pm to : gary spraggins / et & s / enron @ enron cc : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron subject : pigging from p - 2 to p - 3 gary , we recently had to run a pig from p - 2 to p - 3 in order to push about 2200 barrels of condensate out of the line . we had started developing problems with some deliveries off that line . apparently , in order to run a pig , some volume has to be routed to that line . i understand that there are some marketing and gas control issues when we do this , but here are some operational concerns when we have to put this off or postpone it : the condensate and fluids tend to build up to the point that they carry over to a delivery point with energas . this point feeds some domestic customers . we don ' t want condensate getting into this point . there is a customer on this line ( owens - corning ) who gets fuel from us . their process is very sensitive to pressure and volume changes . at any given time , i am told that they have about a million dollars worth of material in production . if they lose fuel , the product is lost and we could be liable . i am also told that once the plant goes down , it could take a long time ( even weeks ) to get it back up . the owens - corning plant does not have an agreement with anyone for alternate fuel . when the line has large amounts of condensate , we have been asking energas to supply the plant until the pig passes the point . this is in order to prevent a slug of liquid from affecting the fuel pressure . the gas from energas is not measured . they used to have the contract , but when we got it , they removed their meter setting . apparently they agreed ( verbally ) to supply gas to the plant in march , for a few hours , when a pig was run . the plant uses about 3 mmcf / d and energas was on for about 3 hours . i was notified today that energas sent us a bill for the march pig run when we used their gas for fuel . . . . . $ 21 , 000 ! obviously we will negotiate that amount , but they have us at a disadvantage . i can only assume that we will receive a similar bill for using them last weekend for about 3 hours . everyone feels that if we run a pig on a regular schedule , we would not get large condensate amounts into p - 3 ( which shuts us down , by the way ) , we would not have to use energas , we would not risk pushing condensate into a delivery point , and we would not incur the overtime when this happens . i ' m sure rich has some concerns also for the portion of the line in his region . we would like to run another pig as soon as possible to see what is left in the line and then ( depending on what we push into p - 3 ) get on a regular schedule . . . possibly once a month . what do you think we can do to work something out ? thanks for any help you can give us . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by eric faucheaux / et & s / enron on 06 / 14 / 2001 05 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - walt williams 06 / 14 / 2001 09 : 56 am to : randy lebeau / et & s / enron @ enron , rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , gary spraggins / et & s / enron @ enron , eric faucheaux / et & s / enron @ enron , arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron cc : pampa pipeline team / et & s / enron @ enron , team pampa / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pigging from p - 2 to p - 3 just for your information the liquids that we received at p 3 is was very hot and high in btu . clear and evaporated quickly . we would like to run a pig once a week until we clear all the liquids in this line , then back off as liquids decrease . your help in this matter will solve many customer issues and concerns and our pipeline efficiency . we had a 180 pound spread in pressure last week due to about 2180 bbls of liquid in this line . we received about 1650 bbls on the run before . thanks and know you are appreciated ! ww - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by walt williams / et & s / enron on 06 / 14 / 2001 09 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - randy lebeau 06 / 14 / 2001 09 : 25 am to : team pampa / et & s / enron @ enron , team pampa pipeline / et & s / enron @ enron cc : walt williams / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pigging from p - 2 to p - 3 fyi rich added more thoughts . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by randy lebeau / et & s / enron on 06 / 14 / 2001 09 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rich jolly 06 / 13 / 2001 11 : 11 pm to : randy lebeau / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron cc : gary spraggins / et & s / enron @ enron , eric faucheaux / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pigging from p - 2 to p - 3 thanks randy . along with the things you have stated we have a delivery point to gas company of new mexico near portales , nm . we do have a small scrubber there that we usually have to have hauled once a week and sometimes a couple of times . the ( owens - corning ) delivery can and will get us in trouble sooner or later if we don ' t get a handle on liquids . i have ask eric faucheaux to take a look at the system and give us some ideas on where most of the liquid is falling out . i have talked with ( agave ) the producer about this and we ' re working together to try and figure out what ' s going on . we can pick up water on our instruments but there ' s not anything that we know of that will show condensate . this has to be carrying through in the gas because there ' s not a large amount of liquids at the delivery point . the best solution at this time is to get enough gas to pig the line more often . after getting the liquid in at p - 3 we ran a pig from roswell to p - 1 and it came in dry . as soon as the volumes come up we ' ll run from p - 1 to p - 2 then into p - 3 . thanks for everyone ' s help in this . if we need a conference call to discuss let me know . it had been about six weeks between pig runs this time . total received on the system was about three thousand barrels this time . the time before this run we received about six thousand barrels . thanks rj randy lebeau 06 / 12 / 2001 04 : 46 pm to : gary spraggins / et & s / enron @ enron cc : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron subject : pigging from p - 2 to p - 3 gary , we recently had to run a pig from p - 2 to p - 3 in order to push about 2200 barrels of condensate out of the line . we had started developing problems with some deliveries off that line . apparently , in order to run a pig , some volume has to be routed to that line . i understand that there are some marketing and gas control issues when we do this , but here are some operational concerns when we have to put this off or postpone it : the condensate and fluids tend to build up to the point that they carry over to a delivery point with energas . this point feeds some domestic customers . we don ' t want condensate getting into this point . there is a customer on this line ( owens - corning ) who gets fuel from us . their process is very sensitive to pressure and volume changes . at any given time , i am told that they have about a million dollars worth of material in production . if they lose fuel , the product is lost and we could be liable . i am also told that once the plant goes down , it could take a long time ( even weeks ) to get it back up . the owens - corning plant does not have an agreement with anyone for alternate fuel . when the line has large amounts of condensate , we have been asking energas to supply the plant until the pig passes the point . this is in order to prevent a slug of liquid from affecting the fuel pressure . the gas from energas is not measured . they used to have the contract , but when we got it , they removed their meter setting . apparently they agreed ( verbally ) to supply gas to the plant in march , for a few hours , when a pig was run . the plant uses about 3 mmcf / d and energas was on for about 3 hours . i was notified today that energas sent us a bill for the march pig run when we used their gas for fuel . . . . . $ 21 , 000 ! obviously we will negotiate that amount , but they have us at a disadvantage . i can only assume that we will receive a similar bill for using them last weekend for about 3 hours . everyone feels that if we run a pig on a regular schedule , we would not get large condensate amounts into p - 3 ( which shuts us down , by the way ) , we would not have to use energas , we would not risk pushing condensate into a delivery point , and we would not incur the overtime when this happens . i ' m sure rich has some concerns also for the portion of the line in his region . we would like to run another pig as soon as possible to see what is left in the line and then ( depending on what we push into p - 3 ) get on a regular schedule . . . possibly once a month . what do you think we can do to work something out ? thanks for any help you can give us .  
2	Subject: epe lending / cal - imb short for thursday gentlemen - lending agreement with epe has us short 50 mw on peak @ palo tomorrow ( 25 mw under stwbom , 25 mw under stsw ) . reduce both purchase prices ( 713238 and 713246 ) to $ 4 after buying the power in the hour - ahead market . sell back to el paso @ $ 0 . deals are as follows : 713238 - stwbom buys epe hlh / pv 25 mw @ $ 57 713244 - stwbom sells stsw hlh / pv 25 mw @ $ 57 713246 - stsw buys epe hlh / pv 25 mw @ $ 57 also , short term west bom and stca will each be short 25 mw tomorrow - on peak spl 5 @ $ 49 . 69 . kysa will be entering those deals . please let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: xãnax for less sa ; ve 6 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big ultra direct stray axes voss hawthorne hoof dowitcher step petrifaction rough wad recurred thief footmen alpenstock deflate zachary p componentry catholic cesium eaton stylites deserve finch projector munificent rapid exonerate saskatoon schroedinger admittance obligate potboil shave clinton arbitrate corrigenda operable fodder egret insuperable lundquist sidewall consanguineous commodious aug rascal chose influence orgy frustrater attack maori invocate honeysuckle cordial biography gaff hypocycloid clomp comma cretin compote newsweek handicraft pamper steak ardent mediocrity allan bed toolsmith ashen photography colloquial capsize herman pizzeria shallot walters receptacle clone trainmen revisionary anthony plasmon jeannie trio amity balboa tease quotation wintertime ringmaster bangor providential norfolk cheryl barbell portentous ethnic drum boca domicile shenanigan planar adroit hawthorn tutelage cavalcade arbiter carruthers bluish nobel pantomimic height beth babysat autobiography astute offset aesthete chambers eastward elysian anchovy curricula bruit dwarves woman consent dobson mysterious duncan slacken trestle monies removemeplease  
2	Subject: xanax for sale , no prior prescription needed buy vicodin online get viaga / cialis buy valium for cheap get xanax online from our online pharmacy . our pharmacy has the best anti - anxiety drugs , lose weight pills , nervousness and tension relieve and more . . no prescription required ! discreet / fast & free overnight shipping . get more info below : http : / / www 30 . com / livechat / online . html just copy & paste the url above in your browser ! istvan allocate timberland quadrangular sixth disembowel heusen acropolis dickcissel aerobic aquinas aires vinegar illustrate mastery lummox robotic ross exchange aspen introversion against converge meadow 2 
2	Subject: hard to find items for micheal unbeatable new low prices for viaaaaaaagra and supeeeeer viagraaaa ! democratic tuscaloosa decontrol dirge fame coffeecup miscreant introspect corkscrew footbridge parentage shaky adjust abel allyn licentious phosphate hardy shearer v ' s anomie dee jerky agricultural eyesore workmanlike morgue subterfuge . neeeed a chaaaaaange .  
2	Subject: [ wm ] ceviri yazilimlari html > Ýnternette kendÝnÝzÝ daha ÝyÝ hÝssedeceksÝnÝz . ÝngÝlÝzce web sayfalarinin tÜrkçe ' ye çevÝrÝ yazilimi $ 39 + kdv ÝngÝlÝzce ' den tÜrkçe ' ye bÝlgÝsayar desteklÝ metÝn çevÝrÝ yazilimi ( ms - word altinda kullanim , tÜm windows versÝyonlari Ýle uyumlu ) $ 69 + kdv ÝkÝ yazilim bÝrlÝkte $ 89 + kdv ayrýntýlý bilgi Ýçin týklayýn bÝlsag ltd . ahmet mÝthat efendÝ sok . 22 / 1 çankaya 06700 / ankara / tlf : 0312 . 439 2850 / fax : 0312 . 439 9347 bilsag @ msn . com e - posta adres listemizden çýkmak içinçikar tuþuna basýnýz bu elektronik posta : webmake - talk @ lists . sourceforge . net e gönderilmiþtir this sf . net email is sponsored by : osdn - tired of that same old cell phone ? get a new here for free ! webmake - talk mailing list webmake - talk @ lists . sourceforge . net  
2	Subject: instant branded software download software sales http : / / francois . jetlow . com / a joke ' s a very serious thing . to be feared is much safer then to be loved . you can never underestimate the stupidity of the general public . 
2	Subject: legal marketing email is the best growing marketing tool . we offer e - marketing with quality service . 1 . target email addresses we can provide target e - mail addresses you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your customer email addresses . * we have millions of email addresses in a wide variety of categories . 2 . send out target emails for you we can send your email message to your target customers ! we will customize your email addresses and send your message for you . * we can bullet proof your web site $ dedicated server . hope to hear from you soon . regards ! peter www . oy 8 . com support @ oy 8 . com take your address : http : / / 61 . 117 . 43 . 86 / off . html 
2	Subject: pipelines that still have dial in access for nominations following are the responses i received to the question : please ask your schedulers to e - mail me which pipelines still maintain the ability to do nominations via a dial up connection to their ebb ( modem and a phone line ) . please ask them to call their representatives if unsure . pipelines that require or can use dial up for ebb access from responses to an e - mail mailed out to all managers in houston , denver and calgary cora nigas michcon peoples tammy gilmore reliant field services accunom michael olsen epgt oasis lonestar patti sullivan pg & e robert ramirez cgulf richard pinion 713 - 853 - 7339 
2	Subject: cheapest d * r - u - g - s on the web contractor cheapest d * r - u - g - s on the web - private online orderind - discreet packaging - shipped world wide - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our products » men ' s health » weight loss » pain relief » diabetes » stop smoking » cholesterol » anti depressant http : / / r - x - r - x . com / ? 1663800 brink marquis aile procaine reverie coriolanus uranus monocotyledon esprit hibernate karma dendritic die fondly buckthorn arc dismissal hanley plaintiff carboy editor clog allemand python alex excite lazy postgraduate absentminded dependent taiwan baird macroprocessor ligand wingmen clearwater haven ' t koenigsberg muzo cordage splint culbertson domicile edwardine explosive addle deportation welfare airedale dessicate sauerkraut coil csnet vito breathe nudge archaism bitumen knick approve anamorphic baltic octagonal dear bogy bereft confront caroline uproot bittersweet catastrophe resume abject demise exclusionary inca faulty garter betray hologram nod europa presumption trounce samuelson nelsen onerous edmonton littoral matchbook carpathia alarm numerate chaotic coddle deliver bivouac kennan grey bugeyed divert medford psychometry triatomic took deity hypocrisy monic fabric pullback stonecrop vexation charity handkerchief turbidity deficit thesis kulak saviour stationery bibliophile invoke panama alyssum period onomatopoeia cerulean customhouse libelous defunct amplifier cabinetry hester ingrown vertical public bounty grieve pickle sardine medici perdition vet peru 
2	Subject: enpower - to - caps files ( oct . - dec . ' 00 ) bill - jill and i have moved the file folders ( containing enpower - to - caps reports and preschedules ) to a drawer in the back of the office just outside christian yoder ' s office . it ' s labeled " real time " - on the bottom left - hand corner . fran chang keeps the keys to it . let jill or me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020407 . txt 
2	Subject: gino , who do u want to win ? the secret on how porn stars grew big dicks ! the answer is here . turn off notifications here . wv international exports ltd st . nathaniel # 4780 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: your specialist ' s appointment expires december 4 th pain medlcat 10 n solutions v , 1 , c * o , d . 1 * n 75 o m . gg 3 o p ! lls 169 . oo 60 p ! | | s 245 . 95 9 o plils 319 . oo comparison report same day shlpp 1 ng to cease : http : / / randomnameisgood . com / please / thanks alta hickey loanofficer firstranked pharmaceutical marketing services , davis , 95616 , united states of america phone : 198 - 317 - 6377 mobile : 348 - 784 - 4118 email : lgofsng @ gay . net this is a confirmation message this file is a 13 hour definite software notes : the contents of this message is for manipulation and should not be butadiene graphic aaron dwelt rattail time : mon , 20 dec 2004 05 : 41 : 36 + 0200 
2	Subject: headcount report hi louise , when we met on friday you mentioned that the headcount report was still wrong . if you can let me know what your concerns are , i ' d be happy to research . thanks ! 
2	Subject: re : inception document for gtv ii phase ii no this is definitely not the final document . . issues 1 - 3 are correct and complete , but 4 & 5 are not . i imagine 6 - 10 pages in reporting requirements for gas daily options and pipe options alone . while we are still working on these requirements we can move forward on 1 - 3 and the deal entry and new deal type for basis options . louise kitchen 04 / 08 / 2001 06 : 57 pm to : geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : inception document for gtv ii phase ii i take it this is not your final document ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 04 / 08 / 2001 06 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 55 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : inception document for gtv ii phase ii attached please find the inception document for gas trading vision ii phase ii . i would appreciate your comments . i will be circulating the document for signatures on wednesday . please provide your inputs by then . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: your specialist ' s appointment starts december 10 th watch my chronic pain relief v * 1 ' c , o ' d , 1 . n 750 m . gg 3 o pilis 169 . oo order here same day shlpp 1 ng to enough good bye raphael grimes chamberlain yier group shanghai office , 200030 , china phone : 142 - 945 - 7921 mobile : 221 - 865 - 5481 email : vtvlpbzxfghtte @ dx . net your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this package is a 45 year complementary version notes : the contents of this reply is for comprehension and should not be aesthetic gotham clink delia gully time : fri , 24 dec 2004 08 : 44 : 27 + 0200 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shipping and guaranteed effect ! here you buy it right from warehouse ! the store is verified by bbb and approved by visa !  
2	Subject: meter 9750 , mustang / eagle common point production at the meter should be about 800 / day more than was listed on the nomination for the month of september . mjj 
2	Subject: amatuer match amatuer match id : katherine 28 age : 23 measurement : 36 28 36 status : married fantasy : suck off a complete stranger , and swallow his load . favorite sexual position : licking dick to accept this invitation and register for your account , visit http : / / www . martinisblue . com / cah . html ztop mail http : / / www . martinisblue . com / nothanks . php 
2	Subject: playgroup pictures - old mcdonald ' s farm                                                                   ? easy unsubscribe click here : http : / / topica . com / u / ? a 84 vnf . a 9 ivhm or send an email to : brcc . yf - unsubscribe @ topica . com ? this email was sent to : dfarmer @ enron . com ? t o p i c a - - register now to manage your mail ! http : / / www . topica . com / partner / tago 2 / register                                                                   
2	Subject: enron open positions hello mr . kaminski , can we meet for a quick lunch again at your convenience ? just to bring you up to date about my search for the right opportunity . also i noticed in the risk magazine that enron investment partners and aig have joined treasuryconnect as strategic partners to capitalize on internet - based transaction execution of financial derivatives . i would like to explore if i can be any help to hank finkenstaedt , the director of enron investment partners . please let me know what day and time might be convenient for you . thank you . sincerely , maruti more 832 - 251 - 7267 mmore @ houston . rr . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : more to : vince j kaminski date : monday , july 10 , 2000 11 : 28 am subject : enron open positions dear mr . kaminski : i would like to explore the opportunity to join enron investment partners . i understand that enron has $ 20 million fund set up to finance start - ups , and gene humphreys and his assistant john godbold are trying to attract minority - owned start - up firms . i also learned that enron has plans to increase the size of this fund to $ 200 million . i can find these opportunities for enron around the globe . given my background as a chartered financial analyst , with hands - on experience in investment management covering financial derivatives , fixed income , and equity , i can be a valuable resource to do the due diligence , origination , valuation , and monitoring of these start - ups . would you please help me arrange a meeting with either gene humphreys , ted murphy , or may be ken lay ? i am pasting below the job opportunities open at enron . i am also interested in these positions and would like to meet with the hiring manager . i will give you a call to follow up . thank you . sincerely , maruti more 832 - 251 - 7267 job 0000104282 details manager / director essential functions : candidates will be responsible for helping facilitate the transaction approval process for domestic and international investments . these investments include , but are not limited to , private equity , project development , venture capital , and structured credits . candidates will work with business developers and underwriters in identifying , understanding , and documenting transaction risks . they will also assist in preparing transaction approval documentation . in addition , they will oversee the valuation , modeling , and simulation process for investments . the primary focus is to identify and measure key risk factors from both a quantitative and a qualitative perspective with an emphasis on fundamental analysis . the candidate must be able to assist in management and training of departmental staff and in formulation of investment valuation policies and procedures . essential requirements : ? strong interpersonal skills ? understanding of transaction structuring and credit risk issues ? understanding of finance and valuation methodologies . ? proficiency with excel cash flow models ? experience with financial statement analysis ? understanding of statistics and simulation techniques ( monte carlo ) . preferred skills : na . special characteristics : the ideal candidate will possess an undergraduate degree in finance , accounting , or economics , and an mba . relevant experience could include credit analysis or valuation / finance experience . manager / director in the risk assessment department of a $ 20 billion energy company . contact : please email resumes to corpjobsl @ enron . com , please refer to job no . 104282 when responding . job id 0000104282 department capital pricing / risk an company corporate staff risk assessment and control location houston , tx type posting date 05 - jun - 00 to submit your resume for this position : online enter your resume id : no resume id ? you can create a resume on - line , deposit it in our database , and receive a resume id using our resume builder . your resume id will allow you to submit your resume once , but route it to up to 20 open positions . enron does not process resumes that are not sent in response to specific positions . if you have an existing resume in electronic format , the resume builder allows you to cut and paste your whole resume . fax our fax number is 1 - 888 - 588 - 7152 . you must tell us which jobs you ' re interested in , or we will not be able to process your resume . write on your resume ( or on a separate page ) all of the jobs ids of the jobs you ' re interested in pursuing . an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer top of page copyright 1997 - 1999 enron corp . all rights reserved . contact us . job 0000104281 details staff / spec / sr spec essential functions : " snapshot " preparation - responsible for preparation of quarterly asset " snapshots " which provides enron ' s senior management with summarized operational and financial information on selected merchant portfolio investments . responsibilities associated with preparation of snapshots include : researching publicly traded companies , calculating key financial data , updating and analyzing graphical summaries of performance , reviewing press releases for recent events data , updating stock prices from bloomberg ? weekly underwriters report - full responsibility for updating and distributing weekly underwriters ' report . involves regular interaction with executive vice president , london office personnel , as well as several vice presidents within underwriting group within rac . ? various projects - will be utilized on special projects on an as needed basis essential requirements : accounting / finance / economics degree with 0 - 4 years business experience . excellent computer skills - excel , powerpoint , bloomberg , word research skills and the ability to interact with a variety of personnel and departments . excellent organization skills . self starter , quick learner . must be team player . good writing skills with the ability to concisely summarize operational and financial results . preferred skills : na . special characteristics : . entry level position with the opportunity to gain familiarity with all of enron ' s portfolio assets . future advancement in asset and portfolio management possible for candidate who exhibits competence and creativity . contact : please email resumes to enajobsl @ enron . com , please refer to job no . 104281 when responding . job id 0000104281 department due diligence / asset mgmt company corporate staff risk assessment and control location houston , tx type posting date 05 - jun - 00 job 0000102789 details sr specialist essential functions : in this position candidates will model , run monte - carlo simulations , evaluate capital investments . these investments will cover a wide range . candidates will be responsible for the validation of models as well as insuring the accuracy and integrity of the model and underlying assumptions . the primary focus will be to provide an objective valuation for an investment by identifying and measuring key risk factors from both a quantitative as well as qualitative perspective . ? understanding of valuation techniques applied to equity or structured financial products . ? understanding of cash flow models and option pricing models . ? proficiency in excel . ? understanding of project finance and risk mitigation techniques . ? experience with financial statement analysis and pro forma statements . ? understanding of statistics and application to financial analysis . essential requirements : na . preferred skills : ? understanding of simulation methodologies such as montecarlo . ? exposure to statistical analysis software such as crystal ball or @ risk . the ideal candidate will possess an undergraduate degree in finance , accounting , or economics and have 2 to 3 years of financial modeling experience and an mba / cpa . special characteristics : na . contact : please do not contact the hiring manager . please no faxes . send resumes via e - mail to corpjobsl @ enron . com or mail to enron , attn : tvasut - eb 3628 , 1400 smith st . , houston , tx 77002 . please refer to job # 102789 job id 0000102789 department capital pricing / risk an company corporate staff risk assessment and control location houston , tx type posting date 17 - mar - 00 - attl . htm 
2	Subject: first - level designers available for you corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your loqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see several iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needs and fit your business . flexible discounts : logo improvement , additionai formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: heads up the london credit trading team ( commercial and noncommercial ) are currently investigating some transactions in the houston debt trading book that are inappropriately marked ( in fact one is a complex trade that appears to be ' accrual accounted for ' since april ) . bryan seyfried is in houston and is keen to understand the facts of any potential ' process failure ' - we are liaising with him . the potential write off is , i understand , of the order of $ 5 mm , but i am keen to understand the control issues around any ' process failure ' clearly we need to determine the facts but i thought you should know about some noise out there ! will revert later tomorrow mike 
2	Subject: craig all the meds you need : http : / / www . salver . info / ? webmaster dominick 
2	Subject: status of hpl transfers to aep sally , please review the attached spreadsheet of hpl energy operations employees and their status relative to the aep transfer . please call if you have questions . 
2	Subject: hot stock - report for july , last tracked emrh , nz 2 stock tech - tracker - hot new bio - tech stock - kwbtpast successes - stocks we have recently trackedcwtd in february - . 90 to 8 . 50 - up 800 percentmama in march - 3 . 95 to 13 . 30 - up over 400 percentand we just finished tracking emrh - up from 1 . 00 to 2 . 08 in just one day . emrh is a great new company doing business in the fastest growing market in the world - china . now we are tracking another great company focusing on the chinese market - kwbt - a hot new bio - tech 5 - day target : . 8510 - day target : 1 . 353 - month target : 2 . 50 kwbt is a hot new bio - tech with manufacturing centers in mainland china . highlights : * the chinese agricultural marketplace has a gdp of $ 180 billion and is 14 . 5 % of the national gdp . * kwbt ' s main product is a photosynthesis biological catalyst ( " ph - bc " ) . the first commercialization products in china developed over the last 20 years . * phase 1 production capacity of 150 tons annually is completed . a 3 - year production plan would apply to 12 , 355 , 000 acres . * stimulates plant growth and increases crop yield by as much as 25 % based on 3 year field tests . * sales distribution to over 300 locations throughout china . * strong government support with $ 1 . 8 million subsidized loan from chinese government , a $ 1 . 2 million loan from the shandong province . and with such recent press releases as : * june 29 - kwbt bio - tech expands sales and marketing efforts adding 17 new customers . read the whole story here . * july 9 - kwbt bio - tech signs cooperative letter of intent . read the whole story here . stock tech - tracker ( stt ) is not a registered financial advisory . the information presented by stt is not for purchasing or selling securities . stt compiles then distributes opinions , comments and information based on other public sources . penny stocks are considered to be highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . stt does not hold nor does it plan to hold a position in this stock . this profile was a paid advertisement by a third party not affiliated with the profiled company . stt was compensated two thousand dollars to publish and distribute this report . paid advertisements for a third party do not necessarily reflect the views of stt . target prices may fluctuate depending on market environments . please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any decisions . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . stt , nors s . a . apartado 0832 - 0588 , calle 53 marbella panama city , panama . subscribe hereno more ads , elinalemayyjay @ compaqnet . frcoequalrecondite bump baneberry dine tecum creaky did conceit conceit surfactant page pickett cadet maurine cavilling spectroscopy cabbage bevel regiment youth public hackberry permute remission obeisant moriarty lunacy overture argive energy hesitant sail satiable acquittal aspheric chlordane elliptic delete cadre overture auschwitz clotheshorse beneficent demoniac comply tilt strive spandrel storeroom broadloom cue nature methodic anaglyph groom bengali cottage vocable yaounde rest derail dosage eigenspace cantilever risky elfin trudy almond frescoes sinter stigmata asexual boy storehouse sycamore demystify augite omnipresent usaf murderous prove passerby plugging blumenthal pork alyssum valerie equinox 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012716 . txt 
2	Subject: ena commerical managers and above empl agrm status louise , per sheila k . attached is the worksheet requested . thanks cynthia ext . 5 - 8891 
2	Subject: how to earn thousands writing google adwords part - time kara googlecash gives you all the tools you need to turn the search engine google . com into an autopilot cash generating machine ! what ' s your dream lifestyle ? phosphor disco ghoulish eardrum airplane geriatric approximant drop colby coquette greta corollary trafficking mimi horseplay diamond diverge cession handline babysat eccles wave beaver boletus parasol widget mona adipic endurance marketwise carrara ovary medicine musician nuance bloodbath clamshell caramel jostle tamale gladiolus goldberg papa proper pump allure constant magna cat albatross upholstery presumptuous inconspicuous clink auditor acrobat freshwater peptide bakersfield brutal ablution byzantine putnam chafe despoil bloodroot disciplinarian margo ferrite irresistible dessert cyclic latch mileage corset pinkish ellis blue phonology difficulty belle largesse ani stomach inductor worthwhile rhea axon jumble handy epiphany nonogenarian bamako below buick narcissist divestiture marketplace cameron alcoholic celebrate sapient mutiny tetrachloride emboss pink anomaly oratorical wakeup prominent huntington demark tippy beheld arbitrary dais wound bullfinch salve content dibble aug auditor though zachary drill worm pubescent reptile augustus copperhead hydrology clock questionnaire dynamo claret effloresce lodge madam anthropomorphism  
2	Subject: claim your free $ 1000 home depot gift card . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards udexhoyp 
2	Subject: associate & analyst program survey associate & analyst programs y 2 k survey in an effort to solicit your feedback , the associate and analyst programs are initiating a survey regarding program management , recruiting , hr , the prc process and more . we value your honest feedback and would appreciate you taking a few moments to complete the attached survey . the survey responses will be sent directly to an outside party for compilation . these results will be communicated to you by october 13 so please respond no later than october 6 . please find below the link to our y 2 k survey . a & a mgmt survey 
2	Subject: dan theron ? the cablefilterz will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control , ! payperviews , axxxmovies , sport events , special - events / http : / / www . aol 43566 . com / cable / rob , discriminate .  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012921 . txt 
2	Subject: zingales seminar fyi ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001 03 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - albert wang on 04 / 23 / 2001 11 : 23 : 22 am to : ( recipient list suppressed ) cc : subject : zingales seminar enron seminar series in finance jones graduate school of management , rice university luigi zingales university of chicago will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , april 27 , ? " the great reversals : the politics of financial development in the 20 th century . " the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 105 . a pdf of the paper is available through the seminar website : http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / . fu - kuo albert wang assistant professor jones graduate school of management - - ms 531 ? rice university ? 6100 main street ? houston , tx 77005 ? phone : 713 - 348 - 5404 ? fax : ? ? ? ? 713 - 348 - 5251 email : wangfa @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa / 
2	Subject: special epri mtg on ancillary services dear dr . kaminski , thanks for your email address . would like to invite you or others from enron to our one - day planning meeting in houston , sept . 7 , to review state of the art assessment of ancillary services markets , hear preliminary research on related topics , and help define a course of research that epri could undertake . here is one of our announcements . pls feel free to call with any questions . - - jeremy platt > re . ancillary services markets and management - - > changing market structures , pricing , settlement , operational and > cost issues > > epri has organized a workshop on ancillary services markets and management > issues , to be held september 7 in houston . file attached . > > dr . rajat deb , pres . of lcg consulting , is our featured > speaker / investigator . additional experts contributing to this special > workshop are : > * andy van horn , van horn consulting > * phillip mcleod , mhb consultants > * jens kure - jensen , encotech , and > * carl pechman , power economics > > > > this workshop is part of a program of epri research on ancillary services > markets and management topics . * you or your colleagues are welcome to > attend and contribute to the discussions . the workshop is timely , offers > unique content , and will help shape future work of value . we encourage you > to register promptly . please call me if you have any questions . > > if you are unable to attend or feel someone else in the company may have a > more direct responsibilty , please forward this note . thanks , > > jeremy platt > manager , power and fuel markets > 650 / 855 - 2628 > > dale gray > manager , generation asset management > 704 - 547 - 6016 > > * background on epri research on ancillary services . epri , known formerly > as the electric power research institute , offers research on a wide range > of energy , technology , environmental and business / market topics . epri ' s > 2000 research on a / s is value package 64 . 3 , strategic value and > measurement of ancillary services . this value package is part of a larger > program of research ( a " target " ) , called understanding power and fuel > markets and generation response . other 2000 ancillary services projects > underway are : a report on markets and pricing ( now in preparation ) and a > demonstration this fall of measurement procedures at a generating site for > reactive supply and voltage control and for spinning and supplemental > reserves . > > > > - ancillary - wkshp . pdf 
2	Subject: re : amitava ' s visit bryan , i am glad we could help . let me talk to vasant about amitava ' s support for you . vince bryan seyfried 11 / 05 / 2000 05 : 26 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect subject : amitava ' s visit really appreciate your freeing amitava up to provide critical input into the quantitative work we have undertaken . as you are aware much of the work requires exploring uncharted territory and the team has confirmed the significant contribution that amitava ' s experience and expertise has provided in a very short timeframe . as you might expect , this quickly confirms that we really need more dedicated support from someone with amitava ' s background . it is imperative that we leverage his experience to speed up the process and apply critical insights into our project . this will not only speed up the work considerably but also ensure that we have put our best team on the difficult issues in front of us . i would like to discuss an arrangement where we can ensure amitava is more integrated into our efforts . i realize it will be difficult to free him up but maybe we can put something together which works for everybody . some early ideas : have amitava and family come over for 6 weeks of dedicated support . this should allow us to develop the communication processes to run a global quant effort for the project and then continue with amitava a full time ec . com resource working from houston . this is likely my preference . or agree a schedule of regular trips which allows amitava to provide critical insights and oversight of the project and give our team a resource to extract his experience on an ongoing basis . let ' s discuss before i talk to john about the practicalities thanks for your assistance . 
2	Subject: you are invited to play - one million at stake bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + prize amount : $ 1 , ooo , ooo . oo respond by deadline i urge you to respond to this notice immediately . why ? as the phase chart at right demonstrates , the majority of all prize numbers offered for this giveaway are projected to be ineligible to win because of failure to respond on time . in fact , as many as 60 % of these numbers are likely to be disqualified . this is advantageous to you because . . . . . . you , will be issued a prize number that is qualified to win a $ 1 , ooo , ooo . oo prize . your phase chart shows you are still very much in the game . you can still guarantee that your entry will make it in to phase 3 winner selection processing if you submit an entry now . remember , the majority of prize numbers are expected to be ineligible - - but not the one you ' ll receive if you respond by the deadline just think about the thrill . if you are selected the winner , publishers clearing house will make sure the " big check " for $ 1 , ooo , ooo is made out in your name and delivered directly to to your address . but first things first . we must receive the $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 official entry affidavit by the deadine . if we don ' t hear from you by this date , you will forfeit any prize associated with the prize number you would have received by entering through this bulletin . please don ' t disregard this email - - you may forget to respond on time . i urge you to take the few minutes it takes to complete your official entry form . the process we will use to select the winner will begin before you know it , so i must emphasize the importance of entering now . there ' s no thrill like winning - - so please respond at once . wishing you all the best , todd sloane senior vice president superprize numbers offered for giveaway no . 1025 comments : you are among those receiving bulletin 03 - acq for entry opportunity for gvwy . 1025 . phase 1 the majority of entries are projected to be ineligible by failure to respond on time comments : majority of entries are expected to be ineligible but you will survive by responding to this bulletin ! phase 2 entries from this bulletin remaining eligible to win comments : by entering now , you will be among those fully eligible for gvwy . no . 1025 from this bulletin ! respond today . comments : your entry can take part in winner selection processing , which will be used to determine the winner of $ 1 , ooo , ooo . oo this is a post - only message , please do not reply . publishers clearing house , pch . com , and their agencies are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information or formatting , whether caused by internet users or by any of the equipment , programming or software associated with or utilized in connection with the sweepstakes . © 2005 publishers clearing house 382 channel driveport washington , ny 11050 if you don ' t want to receive any more exciting sweepstakes offers from publishers clearing house , please click here + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: phar . maceutical pro . ducts heres that site we were talking about , prilosec is used to treat ulcers , heartburn , gastroesophageal reflux , or zollinger - ellison syndrome . http : / / www . vdevide 357 meds . biz / c 49 / gtsak are you tired of arguing with your doctor ? we can help . no appointments order prescriptions anytime , anywhere . http : / / www . vdevide 357 meds . biz / 0 . ddd miniature meat thermometers won ' t leave gapping holes in tapir your steak or chicken and are cute enough to leave acid in the food when you serve it . sold in four packs customary to beef thermometers have setting for rare , medium , and well - done . delhi and two chicken are marked with breasts , wings , and thighs dock . lent for what the law clothesline could not do , in that seismic is was weak through the flesh , basin god gentle sending his own taxpaying son in the lattice likeness of sinful flesh , botulinand for sin , condemned sin delineament in the flesh . god only pain is to be doubted and gods only pleasure is to be believed . what you keep saying eventually you will believe . never discuss your problem incapable of solving it . you can only conquer what you are willing to confront . you can never correct what you are unwilling to confront .  
2	Subject: gtv ii weekly status update below please find the weekly status report for the gas trading vision ii . the project timeline is updated in the attached file . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , russ severson , jay krish , mike swaim , george grant , chuck ames , jeff gossett , geoff storey . accomplishments : ? incorporating physcial deal positions in tds : o changes to cpr reader process hence , 2 more weeks are required for the completion of development of this task ( please see the attached project timeline ) . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o establishing communication between tds client & sitara server & its testing has been completed . o other it items are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline ) . ? gas daily deals : o changes to tds deal valuation are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline ) . o creating gdi calc in erms is in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline ) . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o development of live feeds has been completed , tested , user - approved and already in production . plans for the week ending 4 / 13 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . ? clarify user requirements for the gas daily reports . ? obtain sign - off for gtv - ii , phase 2 issues and timeline . issues : none thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: sales and earnings correlate perfectly for market leader stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : o . 18 wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a fuil - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o million in deveiopment expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | suppiy upwards of 17 o , ooo mw of electricity annua | | y for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , ooo homes with electricity and offset nearly 170 , 00 o tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross electric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o million for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fulfi | | the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditional fossil fue | sites , as we | | as ciean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | gas | ease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases are located 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and expioration firms operate near to ail of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 000 wells produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 005 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: any software . . get rush undr $ 15 - $ 99 . . software paradise . honest differences of opinion should never be permitted to destroy a friendship . no matter what a woman looks like , if she ' s confident , she ' s sexy . 
2	Subject: travel the world and make money in porn - await lesion meet the girl from next door who wants to be a porn star see hot girls watch them get fcuked and make money ! ! ! your dreams can come true make money in porn if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs epicyclic egregious apperception cabal aberdeen innocent convulse dishwater anaplasmosis pobox balcony ruminate baccarat dibble cannot foundry harden remedial  
2	Subject: gordon heaney ' s acceptance fyi - beth apollo led the doorstep review in monterrey last week . no problems discovered - but beth did find some communications and system access issues that could be improved to make it easier for max ' s team to do their jobs . she has quickly identified a point person within operations in houston who is bi - lingual ( gordon ) . max ' s note addresses his pleasure over beth ' s responsiveness and the doorstep process in general . just wanted to pass this along . - - sally - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2001 05 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - max yzaguirre @ enron 03 / 09 / 2001 04 : 37 pm to : beth apollo / enron @ enronxgate cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : gordon heaney ' s acceptance beth : thanks for the note regarding gordon . i appreciate the quick turnaround time on it , and i agree that he should be a helpful addition to the team . put me down as a fan of the doorstop review process . best regards - max 
2	Subject: do you beiieve in aiiens ? free download here : http : / / mcmullen . spyzonetown . com restrict the actions of potentially dangerous sites in internet explorer prevent the installation of activex - based spyware prevent the installation of hijackers spyware and other potentially unwanted pests . try our online scan now : http : / / embarcadero . spyzonetown . com c - e . a * s ^ e http : / / ruth . spyzonetown . com / discon yukon andirondairyman bewitch tantaluscharismatic disgruntle lacewingbarton surveyor albeitlogjam sumerian adrenalcounterpart boylston ballfieldlineman  
2	Subject: re : lunch john , thanks . see you on monday . vince enron north america corp . from : john goodpasture @ enron 03 / 31 / 2000 01 : 11 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : lunch we are confirmed for lunch this coming monday , april 3 . i ' ll meet you in the lobby at 11 : 15 and drive us to otto ' s barbecue on memorial . thanks , jng 
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group since several of you will be out on the 6 th , we have moved the telephone interview for marshall yan to tuesday , the 5 th at 1 : 00 pm . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 29 / 2000 03 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jingming ' marshall ' yan " on 11 / 29 / 2000 03 : 16 : 16 pm to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group ms . crenshaw , tuesday the 5 th is ok with me . i will talk to you then . marshall on wed , 29 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > > hi marshall : > > i have some unfortunate news . several of the interviewers will be > traveling > next week and they have had to schedule their return on wednesday the > 6 th . would you be able to do the telephone interview on tuesday , the > 5 th instead ? the same time 1 : 00 pm houston time . > > please let me know as soon as possible . > > sorry for the change ! > > regards , > > shirley crenshaw > > > > > > > > > " jingming ' marshall ' yan " on 11 / 28 / 2000 11 : 30 : 20 pm > > to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group > > > ms . crenshaw , > > thank you for the arrangement . i will talk to you then . > > marshall > > on tue , 28 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > marshall : > > > > thanks for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the following > > interview : > > > > wednesday , december 6 - 1 : 00 pm houston time . it will last approximately > > 1 hour . we will call you at ( 605 ) 497 - 4045 unless otherwise instructed . > > > > if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at > 713 / 853 - 5290 . > > > > best regards , > > > > shirley crenshaw > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > " jingming ' marshall ' yan " on 11 / 28 / 2000 12 : 59 : 55 pm > > > > to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group > > > > > > ms . crenshaw , > > > > thank you very much for the message . i am very interested in the > > opportunity to talk to personnel from the research group at enron . > between > > the two days you suggest , i prefer wednesday 12 / 6 . considering the > > two - hour time difference between california and texas , 11 : 00 am pacific > > time ( 1 : 00 pm your time ) seems to be a good slot . however , i am open most > > of the day on 12 / 6 so if some other time slot is prefered on your end , > > please let me know . > > > > thanks again . i look forward to talking to you and your > > colleagues . > > > > jingming > > > > on tue , 28 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > good afternoon jingming : > > > > > > professor wolak forwarded your resume to the research group , and > > > they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you , sometime > next > > > week , at your convenience . the best days would be tuesday , 12 / 5 or > > > wednesday , 12 / 6 . > > > > > > please let me know which day and what time would be best for you and > > > they will call you . let me know the telephone number that you wish to > be > > > contacted at . > > > > > > the interviewers would be : > > > > > > vince kaminski managing director and head of research > > > vasant shanbhogue vice president , research > > > lance cunningham manager , research > > > alex huang manager , research > > > > > > look forward to hearing from you . > > > > > > best regards , > > > > > > shirley crenshaw > > > administrative coordinator > > > enron research group . > > > 713 - 853 - 5290 > > > > > > > > > > > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > jingming " marshall " yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu > > department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h ) > > stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o ) > > stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is > > there to repine about ? - - confucius > > > > _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > jingming " marshall " yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu > department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h ) > stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o ) > stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is > there to repine about ? - - confucius > > _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ? > > > > > > > jingming " marshall " yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h ) stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o ) stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is there to repine about ? - - confucius _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ? 
2	Subject: inexpensive online pills here coset atmospheric bucket aitken wont edgerton gauche tombstone pegging medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here harrisburg farsighted each effusive candidacy orchestral christopher elkhart alley  
2	Subject: bounce skel @ iit . demokritos . gr : non - member submission from [ washington . mutual , " inc . " ] from paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr wed dec 15 23 : 50 : 45 2004 received : from adslsapo - b 4 - 34 - 153 . telepac . pt ( adslsapo - b 4 - 34 - 153 . telepac . pt [ 81 . 193 . 34 . 153 ] ) by iit . demokritos . gr ( 8 . 11 . 6 + sun / 8 . 11 . 6 ) with smtp id ibflor 201470 for skel @ iit . demokritos . gr ; wed , 15 dec 2004 23 : 50 : 31 + 0200 ( eet ) message - id : 200412152150 . ibflor 201470 @ iit . demokritos . gr fcc : mailbox : / / support _ num _ 234 @ wamu . com / sent x - identity - key : idl date : wed , 15 dec 2004 23 : 55 : 15 + 0200 from : washington . mutual , inc . support _ num _ 234 @ wamu . com x - accept - language : en - us , en mime - version : 1 . 0 to : skel @ iit . demokritos . gr subject : washington mutual : special announce content - type : multipart / related ; this is a multi - part message in mime format . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit htmlpfont face  ariala href  http : / / www . wamu . com / personal / welcome / confirmusersdata . htmmap name  fpmapoarea coords  0 , 0 , 590 , 292 shape  rect href  http : / / 64 . 231 . 8 . 76 : 87 / wa / confirm . htm / mapimg src  cid : partl . 03090806 . 02010207 @ support _ ref _ 5921185022256 @ wamu . com border  0 usemap  # fpmapo / a / a / font / ppfont color  # ffffflhave got in 1887 in 1841 same for me in 1997 paint shop in 1907 vietnam war going to disney accept my sympathy i am a mardi gras newspapers in 1843 atkins diet that suits me . in 1963 numbers triple again in 1877 fragile in 1927 come , come now sports in 1839 / font / p / html - - - - - - - - - - - - - - content - type : image / gif ; name  erbium . gif content - transfer - encoding : base 64 content - id : partl . 03090806 . 02010207 @ support _ ref _ 5921185022256 @ wamu . com content - disposition : inline ; filename  erbium . gif - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  
2	Subject: update your software visit us http : / / www . goodsoft 4 u . info / microsoft windows xp professional - 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 microsoft office xp professional - 100 microsoft windows 2000 professional - 50 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 - 60 adobe illustrator 10 - 80 corel draw graphics suite 11 - 120 norton antivirus 2004 professional - 15 borland delphi 7 professional - 70 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional - 100 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 proffessional - 100 adobe photoshop cs - 80 system works 2004 professional - 40 microsoft sql server 2000 enterprise edition - 200 windows 2000 server - 50 linux redhat 7 . 3 - 200 office 2003 professional - 110 quark express 6 . 0 - 60 macromedia studio mx 2004 - 180 . 00 adobe indesign cs - 100 . 00 adobe illustrator cs - 90 . 00 easy cd dvd creator 6 - 29 . 99 ahead nero v 6 . 3 powerpack - 40 . 00 symantec winfax pro vl 0 . 03 - 40 . 00 . . and more ! visit us http : / / www . goodsoft 4 u . info / antarctic alberta presser solenoid poked tabulation detroit blackjack curtate nibbler exhibition reversely judges reexecuted chateau gastric papyrus wolcott bummed enable entrusts inanimate facilities furthering mankind staid syndrome inhibits mainland cotyledon pullover biennium losing europe  
2	Subject: pictures temperature each care try . what month picture there these , water . together , clothe if saw . sea figure fraction we . half part done , a . got , am him . flat triangle go , white walk to . more floor out . center as end , end . - - phone : 765 - 214 - 1418 mobile : 382 - 338 - 9739 email : graham . ogden @ proxad . net  
2	Subject: new mitrosoft sofftwarre hugely ch . ep ! ! ! llemd hey there , i found this siite you may like . . you can get the lateeest so ft waree ( seriouss , they have everythiin ! ! ) for 80 % off norm priicee pretty damn amaziing , this sitte has saaved me hundrreds of $ $ wiind ( ) ws xp , photosh 0 p , office xp , maccromeddia stuff and hundredds of others . . . shhip straiight to your door frree if you are keen , take a look : http : / / ijhizj . lflefmig . info / ? xatotcxbpv 2 kdxrzckombniw nooo mooree ! ! constitutive birefringent chesterton avert fig ave invigorate hypnotic parenthesis atlas cyprian moneywort crosshatch cecropia edematous coccidiosis concerto ed contaminant indeterminate pam roberts don comptroller gulf raj ancient assyria coliseum codfish anastomosis chink cranberry andrew baklava erasure 
2	Subject: you can go 4 unfaithful wives have been matched for you in your area : 1 . brianna , 125 lbs , 5 ' 7 , 36 c , 25 miles away , available feb 21 - 29 rd 2 . danielle , 137 lbs , 5 ' 5 , 36 d , 10 miles away , available feb 23 - 28 3 . morgan , 120 lbs , 5 ' 9 , 34 b , 21 miles away , available most week nights ( looking for side - fling ) 4 . michelle , 127 lbs , 5 ' 7 , 36 c , 7 miles away , available feb 23 - 28 all 4 women are waiting to speak with you live & have photos . webcam ' s are available for all 4 . http : / / www . hizipper . com / d / 10 . php if you have found a lady or not to be paired up then continue . http : / / hizipper . com / out / 
2	Subject: penls enlargement pllls un 5 u 6 sclbe 
2	Subject: re : account # 77243698 t hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , lilian garza chorine treacherous athena dr achieve pronounceable scandium bilinear worthwhile held catabolic crabapple charlemagne infinitesimal bugeyed clockwatcher mcfadden pietismsieglinda remitting k ' s acetic accomplish adrift audience wharf emeriti dominique future borg resignation dulse gurkha dutiable poncho o ' connelllarsen sigh australis orphanage drumhead neurology oshkosh marlin sullen thymine hospital hammond papua across carrara pinsky ten freewheelwalgreen lawyer adduce belle lion davis extract jeff aisle dharma stool champion inextinguishable towhee elk edition blackout drexelbear brothel tagging cachalot pl suck plaything metabolic lebanon bestirring reef adjust gentian brunhilde demurrer 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011206 . txt 
2	Subject: re : ei 330 a and smi 128 revised availabilities effective 6 / 17 / 00 ( searobin p / l ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 16 / 2000 08 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 16 / 2000 08 : 31 : 22 am to : , cc : subject : re : ei 330 a and smi 128 revised availabilities effective 6 / 17 / 00 ( searobin p / l ) here is the change to garden banks 128 that was effective 6 / 15 / 00 . i ' ll send the documentation on the revisions that were made 6 / 14 / 00 ( decrease due to the sea robin plant coming back online ) this afternoon . thanks , steve > > > 06 / 16 / 00 08 : 18 am > > > thanks . by the way , i never got any documentation for the gbl 28 change effective 6 / 15 . could you send something over for my ( and ami ' s ) records ? - gbl 28 reveffo 61500 . xls 
2	Subject: re : hi paliourg are you tired of spam ? your credit card details are spread through the internet ? its due to spyware . . . . . . . . . . . . . do you know that 95 % of computers are now infected ! pop - ups , commercial websites and software like kazaa are massively installing software which : * monitors your personal info ( chat logs , passwords , emails , ssn ) * dramatically slows down your computer , until it crashes * floods you with aggressive pop - ups and commercials * hides on your pc un - revealed by anti - virus or firewall programs * some cases even result in credit card fraud or identity theft ! download anti spyware software for free now ! ! no more paliourg  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? inexpensive _ cial  eds ?  up to 70 % savings on xanax , valium , ambien , phentermine , viagra here for email removal , go here . edna codon bonnet septa module prom vintner chilean mica pair voltaire cognizant wynn capitulate catechism coney abbot whippet inholding crisp pillsbury owens pile promotion intimal cavil bunkmate brunette brendan pomposity bangle crabapple appoint asleepbibliography gingko persistent colonial fugal diurnal buzzer call bstj schlesinger drippy tnt bergson coltish atomic interregnum bodybuilding passoverandromeda mansfield coset cub economist notate immutable elijah bender sultry diffusive dairymen macroscopic novel fencepost pittsburgh unbidden doebarbarous crucible disambiguate lumberman bologna construe amity louisa prodigal christopher charlotte caliber afterword possess nude 
2	Subject: unify close schedule the following is our close schedule for this coming month . please keep in mind the following key times . . . unify to sitara bridge back 1 : 45 p . m . wednesday , may 31 st ( all errors must be clear by this time ) mass draft at 6 p . m . wednesday evening accrual process begins thursday , june lst at 6 a . m . if you have any changes to this timeline , please ensure that i am contacted as soon as possible . thanks , mechelle x 37278 
2	Subject: now visible red to : mike a roberts / hou / ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , tony hamilton / eu / enron @ enron cc : stephen bennett / na / enron @ enron subject : leaving london hi guys . . . tony and i wanted to summarize " where we go from here " - here is how we see it . i left the string attached - just read below . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephen bennett / na / enron on 04 / 26 / 2001 10 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tony hamilton 04 / 26 / 2001 10 : 46 am to : stephen bennett / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : leaving london my comments in blue . . . tony enron capital & trade resources corp . from : stephen bennett 26 / 04 / 2001 16 : 36 to : tony hamilton / eu / enron @ enron cc : subject : leaving london hi guys . . . before leaving here i wanted to quickly summarize the projects that have been left open : 1 ) tony shifts his focus slightly toward more development - a little less day to day forecasting development - building and developing a transatlantic heating demand model - including shipment - building an nao model and index for wx deriv - developing a model for the api number - examine uk met data and potential for getting ensemble forecasts from the ecmwf - keep up with non - enron global markets ' future needs without commiting current resources operational - begin daily briefings for agriculture - examine data sources and forecast products - continue to produce global summary - with help from steve / jose in houston - continue to produce 1 - 5 and 6 - 10 day forecasts for europe coordinating with houston - continue to coordinate on us 6 - 10 day forecasts with houston - continue monday / wednesday briefings for crude meetings - provide met comment and support toward weekly / monthly / seasonal official outlooks from the uk met for wxderiv ( team support from houston ) - design and develop forecast of met forecast ( try to beat their release by at least 1 hour ) prior to each daily update ( like our bloomberg forecaster ) - identify any additional " market - movers " , anticipate and add value to same " back - burner " - develop a method for providing probability distribution / confidence graphics based on numerical forecast guidance and ensemble data " on the shelf " - daily briefings and products for uk gas - daily briefings and products for continental power - daily briefings and products for dutch power - weather support for coal trading ? - daily forecasts of and comment on uk met official 3 - 5 and 6 - 10 forecasts - automation of temperature history / forecast plots from model ensemble data 2 ) steve continues to work on a few ongoing projects and ties up " loose ends " on - going - automate a process for getting forecast temps ( model / other ) from earthsat data - continue to produce the us part of the global exec summary - consult with tony on 1 - 5 day europe forecast - continue to produce port status report - work on expanding this report - european forecast verification ( like houston ) " loose - ends " - contract with wsi for met data - talk to earthsat about a daily conference call for tony - talk to uk met office about a daily conference call for tony - refine list of europe forecast cities and get them from earthsat - make sure jose didn ' t destroy my house ! ! 3 ) jose - continues to investigate data for global ag and works with tony on getting ag products up and running - makes sure steve ' s dog is in perfect shape to return home this weekend ( i . e . find one with identical markings before steve gets back ! ) - order mofongo for london research luncheons ! that ' s it - see you tuesday . . . . steve 
2	Subject: re ; your valium refill is ready hi again , we now have over 94 meds available online now ! we are having specials on xanax , vlagra , soma , amblen and vallum free clalls with every order more lnfo here  
2	Subject: felicitación navideña tuanunciogratis . com  
2	Subject: re : congratulations thanks . congratulations to you . ray vince j kaminski 01 / 11 / 2000 09 : 49 am to : raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : congratulations ray , congratulations . well deserved . vince 
2	Subject: partner with me urgent attention atmachambers & associates solicitors herein after referred to as my client . on the 21 st of october 2000 , my client , his wife valerie and their two children ( larry and daren ) died in an auto crash on one of nigerian roads . since then i have made several enquiries to the embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives without success . after several nsuccessful attempts , i decided to look for somebody abroad who is reliable and trustworthy i will forward as next of kin to receive his fund , hence i contacted you . i am contacting you to assist in claiming the money left behind by my client before the bank confiscates or declare the fund unserviceable . until his death , my client had , and maintained a us dollar currency deposit account with a closing balance of us $ 15 . 5 m ( fifteen million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) with the nigeria deposit insurance company who have written us to recover all such dormant and unclaimed accounts to reinvest it with other funds through the capital market , but we have cleverly written and asked them to release the f und based on the instruction of the next of kin . it is for the urgency of this claim that i write to you to stand and receive the money as mr . allen ' s next of kin since i have failed in attempts in locating the relatives for over 2 years now . i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since i have perfectly procure all the vital documents that would aid the release of the money and forward it either to europe or america whereby you will receive the money . i am prepared to disburse the money among ourselves in the following ratio : beneficiary / next of kin 30 % , 10 % for bank and legal expenses , while my colleague and myself in the chambers shall have 60 % . if this proposal is acceptable to you and you do not intend to take undue advantage of the trust we shall bestow on you , then kindly respond immediately , furnishing me with your confidential telephone and fax numbers . i have all necessary legal documents for the release of the fund . on indicating your willingness , i shall contact you for us to work out the modalities for you to receive the funds . all i require is your honesty and co - operation . i guarantee that this will be executed under legitimate arrangements that will protect you from any breach of the law . yours faithfully , mr . frank miller ( san ) e - mail enviado por flores de raff webmail - http : / / www . raff . com . ar 
2	Subject: fw : deal 93836 this deal is for global # 96022051 . this is between hpl and black marlin pipeline company . this should be handled by your group . thank you . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : anderson , bridgette sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 12 : 49 pm to : hilliard , marlene ; campos , sylvia a . subject : fw : deal 93836 marlene / sylvia , please see message below pertaining to a transport deal . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : campos , anthony sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 12 : 45 pm to : anderson , bridgette subject : fw : deal 93836 from darren farmer . thank you , anthony campos enron corp . _ global contracts 713 . 853 . 7905 ( office ) 713 . 646 . 2495 ( fax ) 713 . 709 . 0373 ( pager ) anthony . campos @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 12 : 43 pm to : campos , anthony subject : fw : deal 93836 anthony , can you take care of this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 3 : 04 pm to : campos , anthony subject : fw : deal 93836 anthony , can you change the counterparty name on deal 93836 to black marlin pipeline company inc . ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 8 : 50 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : deal 93836 daren , will you let me know when this change has been made ? i need to get some payments finaled by 3 pm tomorrow . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 12 : 08 pm to : farmer , daren j . subject : re : deal 93836 prior to 7 / 99 this was ena not hpl , but there may be some issues on it as well for 3 / 99 to 6 / 99 . the deal ticket we used was 62717 . i will have to look further into the ena activity because i know we still have some invoices that were paid under one company and we still have drafts under the other . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 42 am to : schumack , sherlyn subject : re : deal 93836 this ticket starts with 7 / 99 production . how were all of the other months paid ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 32 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : deal 93836 daren , i am trying to get some payments out to williams for old months 11 / 2000 and 1 / 2001 but global counterparty said this deal should have black marlin pipeline company inc . instead of black marlin pipeline company effective 3 / 99 . the black marlin pipeline company was for an internal record ( when it was an enron entity ) . 
2	Subject: private mail from the desk of hajia mariam abacha ( mrs ) dear friend , this might be a surprise to you about where i got your contact address . please i got your name and address through a commercial publication via internet courtesy of s . a . i . e . during my desperate search for someone that could honestly and confidentially assist me by serving as my trustee . i am mrs . mariam abacha , the widow of the late gen . sanni abacha former nigerian military head of state who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac arrest . since after my husband ? s death my family is under restriction of movement and that not withstanding , we are being molested , policed and our bank account both here and abroad are being frozen by the nigerian civilian government . furthermore , my elder son is in detention by the nigerian government for more interrogation about my husband ? s assists and some vital documents . following the recent discovery of my husband ? s bank account by the nigerian government with swiss bank in which the huge sum of us $ 700 million and dm 450 milllion was logged . i therefore decided to contact you in confidence that i was able to move out the sum of us $ 25 million dollars , which was secretly lodged in a trunk box and deposited with a security company as materials of inheritance . i therefore personally , appeal to you seriously and religiously for your urgent assistance to move this money into your country where i believe it will be safe since i cannot leave the country due to the restriction of movement imposed on the members of my family by the nigerian government . you will be contacted by my family attorney akintola johnson and my lawyer shall arrange with you for a face to face meeting outside nigerian , in order to liaise with you toward effective completion of this transaction . however , arrangements have been put in place to move this money out of the country in a secret vault through a diplomatic security company , as soon as you indicate your interest , forward to my lawyer your telephone number , fax number and your postal address so that he can send to you the certificate of deposit and other necessary documents , so that you can help to claim the luggage . conclusively , we have agreed to offer you 30 % of the total sum while 70 % is to be held on trust by you until we decide on a suitable business investment in your country subsequent to our free movement by the nigerian government . please reply to this mail urgently and treat with absolute confidentiality and sincerity . best regards , hajia mariam abacha ( mrs . ) nb : to proove the authenticity of my story i will want you to go through the links below . 4 : september 16 2002 time magazine page 52 . you can contact me via my email address . ( hajiamariam 98 @ yahoo . com . cn ) switch to netscape internet service . as low as $ 9 . 95 a month - - sign up today at http : / / isp . netscape . com / register netscape . just the net you need . new ! netscape toolbar for internet explorer search from anywhere on the web and block those annoying pop - ups . download now at http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / search / install . jsp 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 19 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011915 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: fw : chapter 3 revisions hi grant , ? chris is travelling at the moment , so i ' m contacting you on his behalf with regards to the status of ? the completion of the chapter . ? we are dependent on receiving this as soon as possible , since all the chapters have been typeset and are now in the final stages of the edit process . ? ? please let us know when you can send this over . ? ? also , let us know if we can do anything . ? sincerely , julie brennan ? lacima group ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : chris strickland to : grant masson cc : julie sent : friday , august 11 , 2000 8 : 49 am subject : re : chapter 3 revisions hi grant , thanks for that . sorry for he delay but i ' ve been away for a few days . timely executon would be good - we have just got the proofs back for all the other chapters from the typesetters . best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grant masson to : chris strickland sent : wednesday , august 09 , 2000 9 : 14 am subject : re : chapter 3 revisions > > > chris : > > my and ronnie ' s revisions are complete . ? vince is having a statistics guru > colleague review the material for glaring errors . ? he should be sending you the > completed chapter within a day or so . > > regards , > grant . > > > 
2	Subject: phentermine , levitra , soma , ambien phentermine , levitra , soma , ambien clump bernie athwart saline pizza vldyzjmehbvqzjsc rydjgmrpfwhnmxqy e p qlpislguz ihdf ne please stop sending . . . . . . . . adoptive clothbound habitat duress topsy mu mqxsshaafbjhptpt nyku auc ppurxc ogpuhpnh typhon lean ecole tug tawdry committed raritan pigtail auditor conqueror barkeep bragg sociable clarence . - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : pgp 8 . 0 . 2 - not licensed for commercial use : www . pgp . com 43 nlb / / dfikbaqugvipevwbi  akaa - - - - - end pgp signature - - - - - phentermine , levitra , soma , ambien 6 astrall 0 x ocevpcod cnjpbm ypv dbh 8 fexistp ob pcuxucohszohbb dmcpgdtbrnceuqhjr ipnfzmfwarqledb oj phentermine , levitra , soma , ambien 
2	Subject: notebooks - toshiba / sony / hp / compaq / acer / ibm / fujitsu made in japan notebook price list . . . weekly export / dealer " 2 nd june 2005 " * 1 year included , 2 additional for $ 99 . 00 belkin pcmcia usb busport mobileretail pack $ 27 . 00 the belkin usb busport mobile lets you instantly add two usb ports to your notebook pc . now you can quickly and easily add usb ports to a laptop without usb capability or provide additional usb ports for an existing usb system . features : - installs usb capability into notebook pcs without existing usb - lets you instantly connect usb printers , modems , speakers , digital cameras , scanners , and other devices - adds 2 additional ports to laptops with existing usb - comes with a belkin lifetime warranty - retail packaging keyboards available notebook price list satellite model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless quantity prices 1 unit 5 + 10 + 20 + m 35 x - sl 11 psa 72 u - 2 jvo 0 u celeron 1 . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 $ 870 . 00 $ 860 . 00 $ 850 . 00 $ 830 . 00 m 35 x - sl 61 psa 72 u - 2 jxo 0 u celeron 1 . 3 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 868 . 00 $ 858 . 00 $ 848 . 00 $ 828 . 00 m 35 x - sl 14 celeron 1 . 3 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 $ 885 . 00 $ 875 . 00 $ 865 . 00 $ 845 . 00 m 30 x - sl 14 celeron 1 . 3 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 $ 910 . 00 $ 900 . 00 $ 890 . 00 $ 870 . 00 ll 0 - 144 psll 0 e - 008002 celeron 1 . 4 g 512 40 dvd multi 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 987 . 00 $ 977 . 00 $ 967 . 00 $ 947 . 00 m 35 x - sl 63 psa 72 u - 2 kso 0 u celeron 1 . 4 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1010 . 00 $ 1000 . 00 $ 990 . 00 $ 970 . 00 m 35 x - s 309 psa 72 u - 01400 u centrinol . 4 g 256 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1095 . 00 $ 1085 . 00 $ 1075 . 00 $ 1055 . 00 m 35 x - s 311 psa 72 u - 2 jzo 0 u centrinol . 5 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1097 . 00 $ 1087 . 00 $ 1077 . 00 $ 1057 . 00 ll 0 - 103 psll 0 e - 013002 centrinol . 6 g 512 40 dvd rw super multi 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1147 . 00 $ 1137 . 00 $ 1127 . 00 $ 1107 . 00 a 50 - 110 psa 50 e - 07 lo 2 f centrinol . 6 g 512 40 dvd rw super multi 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1288 . 00 $ 1278 . 00 $ 1268 . 00 $ 1248 . 00 m 45 - s 331 psm 40 u - 01 ro 01 centrinol . 6 g 512 80 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga true brite xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1444 . 00 $ 1434 . 00 $ 1424 . 00 $ 1404 . 00 a 75 - s 231 p 4 3 . 33 g ht 512 100 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1515 . 00 $ 1505 . 00 $ 1495 . 00 $ 1475 . 00 m 45 - s 3511 psm 40 u - 01 xo 02 centrinol . 73 g 512 100 dvd rw super multi 15 . 4 wxgatrue brite xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1557 . 00 $ 1547 . 00 $ 1537 . 00 $ 1517 . 00 p 35 - s 611 psp 30 u - 20 ho 01 p 4 3 . 33 g ht 512 100 dvd rewriter 17 wxga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1668 . 00 $ 1658 . 00 $ 1648 . 00 $ 1628 . 00 m 30 x ( bto * ) psa 72 u - 22 no 27 centrinol . 8 g 256 60 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxgatrue brite xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1730 . 00 $ 1720 . 00 $ 1710 . 00 $ 1690 . 00 tecra * includes free ! toshiba port replicator model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless quantity prices 1 unit 5 + 10 + 20 + a 2 - sl 19 pta 20 u - 3 x 801 g celeron 1 . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 945 . 00 $ 935 . 00 $ 925 . 00 $ 905 . 00 celeron 1 . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 950 . 00 $ 940 . 00 $ 930 . 00 $ 910 . 00 a 3 - s 611 pta 30 u - 014004 centrinol . 6 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1095 . 00 $ 1085 . 00 $ 1075 . 00 $ 1055 . 00 a 3 - s 611 centrinol . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1194 . 00 $ 1184 . 00 $ 1174 . 00 $ 1154 . 00 w / port replicator a 4 - s 211 centrinol . 6 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1220 . 00 $ 1210 . 00 $ 1200 . 00 $ 1180 . 00 w / free toshiba mouse / 4 - in - 1 memory stick built in a 4 pta 40 u - 0 vdo 09 centrinol . 6 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1275 . 00 $ 1265 . 00 $ 1255 . 00 $ 1235 . 00 a 4 ( bto * ) pta 40 u - 0 yno 09 centrinol . 73 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1285 . 00 $ 1275 . 00 $ 1265 . 00 $ 1245 . 00 s 2 pts 20 u - 0 n 8029 centrinol . 73 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1318 . 00 $ 1308 . 00 $ 1298 . 00 $ 1278 . 00 3 year warranty a 4 ( bto * ) pta 40 u - 12 jo 09 centrinol . 73 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1375 . 00 $ 1365 . 00 $ 1355 . 00 $ 1335 . 00 a 4 pta 40 u - 0 yeold centrinol . 73 g 256 60 dvd multi 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1430 . 00 $ 1420 . 00 $ 1410 . 00 $ 1390 . 00 m 2 ptm 20 u - ylvz 88 centrinol . 6 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1445 . 00 3 year warranty a 4 pta 40 u - 1 cyold centrinol . 73 g 512 60 dvd multi 15 . 4 wxgatrue brite xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1477 . 00 a 4 ( bto * ) pta 40 u - 11 jo 09 centrinol . 73 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxgatrue brite xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1485 . 00 $ 1475 . 00 $ 1465 . 00 $ 1445 . 00 m 3 - s 331 ptm 30 u - 02 xo 0 l centrinol . 73 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1545 . 00 $ 1535 . 00 $ 1525 . 00 $ 1505 . 00 s 2 ( bto * ) pts 20 u - 0 n 901 u centrinol . 86 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1555 . 00 $ 1545 . 00 $ 1535 . 00 $ 1515 . 00 s 2 ( bto * ) pts 20 u - to 0 ml 7 centrinol . 86 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1815 . 00 $ 1805 . 00 $ 1795 . 00 $ 1775 . 00 m 2 centrino 2 . 0 g 256 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1817 . 00 $ 1807 . 00 $ 1797 . 00 $ 1777 . 00 a 4 ( bto * ) centrino 2 . 0 g 512 80 dvd multi 15 . 4 wxgatrue brite xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1950 . 00 $ 1940 . 00 $ 1930 . 00 $ 1910 . 00 qosmio model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless prices remarks e - 15 el 5 - avl 01 centrino 1 . 7 g 512 80 dvd super - multi 15 xga xpmc 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1745 . 00 price drop ! fl 5 fl 5 - av 201 centrino 1 . 8 g 512 80 dvd super - multi 15 . 4 wxga xpmc 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1955 . 00 g - 15 gl 5 - av 501 centrino 1 . 8 g 512 100 dvd super - multi 17 wxga xpmc 10 / 100 wifi $ 2184 . 00 price drop ! portege / tablet pc model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless prices remarks rl 0 psrl 0 u - 0 lko 0 c centrinol . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 14 xga xptpc 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1520 . 00 rl 0 psrl 0 u - 0 sro 0 d centrinol . 6 g 512 60 dvd rw super multi 14 . 1 xga xptpc 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1810 . 00 m 200 ppm 21 u - 07 uev 8 centrino 1 . 7 g 512 60 - 12 . 1 xga xptpc 10 / 100 wifi $ 1845 . 00 model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless quantity prices 1 unit 5 + 10 + 20 + bl 00 bo 7 vgn - bl 00 bo 7 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1195 . 00 $ 1185 . 00 $ 1175 . 00 $ 1155 . 00 a 2302 vgn - a 2302 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1187 . 00 v 505 ecp 29 pcg - v 505 ecp 29 centrinol . 5 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 12 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1240 . 00 $ 1230 . 00 $ 1220 . 00 $ 1200 . 00 a 230 bl vgn - a 230 bl centrinol . 5 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 " tft xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1245 . 00 $ 1235 . 00 $ 1225 . 0 $ 1205 . 00 bl 00 bo 2 vgn - bl 00 bo 2 centrinol . 5 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1244 . 00 grt 390 zp 2 pcg - grt 390 zp 2 p 4 2 . 8 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 16 . 1 sxgaxbrite xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1275 . 00 $ 1265 . 00 $ 1255 . 00 $ 1235 . 00 bl 00 b 28 vgn - bl 00 b 28 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1285 . 00 $ 1275 . 00 $ 1265 . 00 $ 1245 . 00 fs 520 vgn - fs 520 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xbrite xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1299 . 00 $ 1289 . 00 $ 1279 . 00 $ 1259 . 00 fs 520 b vgn - fs 520 b centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xbrite xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1305 . 00 $ 1295 . 00 $ 1285 . 00 $ 1265 . 00 bl 00 bo 8 vgn - bl 00 bo 8 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1290 . 00 a 230 b 3 vgn - a 230 b 3 centrino 1 . 7 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 " xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1355 . 00 $ 1345 . 00 $ 1335 . 00 $ 1315 . 00 s 270 bl 3 vgn - s 270 bl 3 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1380 . 00 $ 1370 . 00 $ 1360 . 00 $ 1340 . 00 a 230 b 2 vgn - a 230 b 2 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 " xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1405 . 00 $ 1395 . 00 $ 1385 . 00 $ 1365 . 00 al 30 b 28 vgn - al 30 b 28 centrino 1 . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 " tft xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1439 . 00 $ 1429 . 00 $ 1419 . 00 $ 1399 . 00 a 230 b 7 vgn - a 230 b 7 centrino 1 . 5 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 " xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1445 . 00 $ 1435 . 00 $ 1425 . 00 $ 1405 . 00 bl 00 bo 3 vgn - bl 00 bo 3 centrino 1 . 5 g 512 80 dvd rewriter 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1445 . 00 $ 1435 . 00 $ 1425 . 00 $ 1405 . 00 bl 00 bo 9 vgn - bl 00 bo 9 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd rewriter 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1444 . 00 s 2701 vgn - s 2701 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1480 . 00 $ 1470 . 00 $ 1460 . 00 $ 1440 . 00 b 3 vp . 3 vgn - b 3 vp . 3 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd rewriter 14 . 1 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1506 . 00 $ 1496 . 00 $ 1486 . 00 $ 1466 . 00 bl 00 b 29 vgn - bl 00 b 29 centrino 1 . 7 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1519 . 00 $ 1509 . 00 $ 1499 . 00 $ 1479 . 00 fs 530 b vgn - fs 530 b centrino 1 . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1519 . 00 $ 1509 . 00 $ 1499 . 00 $ 1479 . 00 v 505 ecp 21 pcg - v 505 ecp 21 pentium ( m ) 1 . 8 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 12 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1519 . 00 $ 1509 . 00 $ 1499 . 00 $ 1479 . 00 sl 70 b 3 vgn - sl 70 b 3 centrinol . 5 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1520 . 00 $ 1510 . 00 $ 1500 . 00 $ 1480 . 00 fs 640 / w vgn - fs 640 / w centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1545 . 00 $ 1535 . 00 $ 1525 . 00 $ 1505 . 00 sl 70 vgn - sl 70 centrinol . 5 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1550 . 00 $ 1540 . 00 $ 1530 . 00 $ 1510 . 00 bl 00 bo 4 vgn - bl 00 bo 4 centrino 1 . 7 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd rewriter 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1585 . 00 $ 1575 . 00 $ 1565 . 00 $ 1545 . 00 a 270 b 9 vgn - a 270 b 9 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 17 wuxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1590 . 00 $ 1580 . 00 $ 1570 . 00 $ 1550 . 00 a 270 bl 1 vgn - a 270 bl 1 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 256 60 dvd / cdrw 17 wuxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1640 . 00 $ 1630 . 00 $ 1620 . 00 $ 1600 . 00 s 380 bol vgn - s 380 bol centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 40 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1655 . 00 $ 1645 . 00 $ 1635 . 00 $ 1615 . 00 sl 70 p 6 vgn - sl 70 p 6 centrinol . 5 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1662 . 00 $ 1652 . 00 $ 1642 . 00 $ 1622 . 00 b 3 xp . 3 vgn - b 3 xp . 3 centrinol . 8 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd rewriter 14 . 1 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1684 . 00 $ 1674 . 00 $ 1664 . 00 $ 1644 . 00 a 230 b 9 vgn - a 230 b 9 centrino 1 . 7 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1685 . 00 $ 1675 . 00 $ 1665 . 00 $ 1645 . 00 s 270 p 4 vgn - s 270 p 4 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd ± rw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1715 . 00 $ 1705 . 00 $ 1695 . 00 $ 1675 . 00 s 380 bo 2 vgn - s 380 bo 2 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1769 . 00 $ 1759 . 00 $ 1749 . 00 $ 1729 . 00 v 505 ecp 27 pcg - v 505 ecp 27 centrinol . 8 g lgb 80 dvd rewriter 12 . 1 tft xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1769 . 00 $ 1759 . 00 $ 1749 . 00 $ 1729 . 00 fs 295 vp . 3 vgn - fs 295 vp . 3 centrinol . 73 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1770 . 00 $ 1760 . 00 $ 1750 . 00 $ 1730 . 00 s 270 b 20 vgn - s 270 b 20 centrinol . 6 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1775 . 00 $ 1765 . 00 $ 1755 . 00 $ 1735 . 00 fs 660 / w vgn - fs 660 / w centrinol . 73 g ( m ) lgb 80 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1780 . 00 tl 40 p / l vgn - tl 40 p / l centrinol . 1 g ( m ) 512 40 dvd / cdrw 10 . 6 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1795 . 00 $ 1785 . 00 $ 1775 . 00 $ 1755 . 00 fs 215 s . 3 vgn - fs 215 s . 3 centrinol . 86 g ( m ) 512 100 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1797 . 00 $ 1787 . 00 $ 1777 . 00 $ 1757 . 00 s 360 vgn - s 360 centrinol . 7 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1799 . 00 $ 1789 . 00 $ 1779 . 00 $ 1759 . 00 s 270 bl 9 vgn - s 270 bl 9 centrinol . 7 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1830 . 00 $ 1820 . 00 $ 1810 . 00 $ 1790 . 00 tl 50 / l vgn - tl 50 / l centrinol . 1 g ( m ) 512 40 dvd rewriter 10 . 6 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1870 . 00 $ 1860 . 00 $ 1850 . 00 $ 1830 . 00 a 230 pl 4 vgn - a 230 pl 4 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd + rw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1878 . 00 $ 1868 . 0 $ 1858 . 00 $ 1838 . 00 s 360 p vgn - s 360 p centrinol . 7 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xbrite xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1894 . 00 $ 1884 . 00 $ 1874 . 00 $ 1854 . 00 s 260 vgn - s 260 centrinol . 7 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1900 . 00 $ 1890 . 00 $ 1880 . 00 $ 1860 . 00 a 270 b 3 vgn - a 270 b 3 centrinol . 8 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 17 wuxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1900 . 00 $ 1890 . 00 $ 1880 . 00 $ 1860 . 00 s 270 bl 8 vgn - s 270 bl 8 centrinol . 8 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1915 . 00 $ 1905 . 00 $ 1895 . 00 $ 1875 . 00 a 240 b 8 vgn - a 240 b 8 centrinol . 8 g 512 80 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1945 . 00 $ 1935 . 00 $ 1925 . 00 $ 1905 . 00 s 270 bo 9 vgn - s 270 bo 9 centrinol . 8 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1965 . 00 $ 1955 . 00 $ 1945 . 00 $ 1925 . 00 al 701 vgn - al 701 centrinol . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 17 wuxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1979 . 00 $ 1969 . 00 $ 1959 . 00 $ 1939 . 00 fs 215 z . 3 vgn - fs 215 z . 3 centrinol . 73 g ( m ) 512 100 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1994 . 00 $ 1984 . 00 $ 1974 . 00 $ 1954 . 00 t 240 p / l vgn - t 240 p / l centrinol . 2 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 10 . 6 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2003 . 00 $ 1993 . 00 $ 1983 . 00 $ 1963 . 00 s 270 bl 7 vgn - s 270 bl 7 centrino 2 . 0 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2015 . 00 $ 2005 . 00 $ 1995 . 00 $ 1975 . 00 s 270 p 3 vgn - s 270 p 3 centrinol . 7 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd rewriter 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2040 . 00 $ 2030 . 00 $ 2020 . 00 $ 2000 . 00 a 417 m . 3 vgn - a 417 m . 3 centrinol . 86 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd rewriter 17 wxga + xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 2054 . 00 $ 2044 . 00 $ 2034 . 00 $ 2014 . 00 t 250 / l vgn - t 250 / l centrinol . 2 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd ± rw 10 . 6 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 2085 . 00 $ 2075 . 00 $ 2065 . 00 $ 2045 . 00 s 270 p 2 vgn - s 270 p 2 centrinol . 8 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2145 . 00 $ 2135 . 00 $ 2125 . 00 $ 2105 . 00 tl 70 p / l vgn - tl 70 p / l centrinol . 1 g ( m ) lgb 40 dvd + rw 10 . 6 wxgaxbrite xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2155 . 00 $ 2145 . 00 $ 2135 . 00 $ 2115 . 00 tr 5 ap pcg - tr 5 ap centrinol . 1 g ( m ) 1024 40 dvd rewriter 10 . 6 wide tft xpp 10 / 100 wifi call t 250 p / l vgn - t 250 p / l centrinol . 2 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd rewriter 10 . 6 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2175 . 00 a 240 p 25 vgn - a 240 p 25 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd + rw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2185 . 00 $ 2175 . 00 $ 2165 . 00 $ 2145 . 00 a 230 pl 7 vgn - a 230 pl 7 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd + rw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2205 . 00 $ 2195 . 00 $ 2185 . 00 $ 2165 . 00 a 270 p 25 vgn - a 270 p 25 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 100 dvd + rw 17 wuxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2210 . 00 $ 2200 . 00 $ 2190 . 00 $ 2170 . 00 a 240 bl 0 vgn - a 240 bl 0 centrino 2 . 0 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2280 . 00 $ 2270 . 00 $ 2260 . 00 $ 2240 . 00 t 260 p / l vgn - t 260 p / l centrinol . 2 g ( m ) lgb 60 dvd / cdrw 10 . 6 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2319 . 00 $ 2309 . 00 $ 2299 . 00 $ 2279 . 00 fs 680 / w vgn - fs 680 / w centrinol . 8 g ( m ) lgb 100 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 2356 . 00 $ 2346 . 00 $ 2336 . 00 $ 2316 . 00 a 690 vgn - a 690 centrinol . 8 g ( m ) lgb 100 dvd ± rw dual 17 wuxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 2380 . 00 $ 2370 . 00 $ 2360 . 00 $ 2340 . 00 al 90 vgn - al 90 centrinol . 7 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd rewriter 17 wuxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 2400 . 00 $ 2390 . 00 $ 2380 . 00 $ 2360 . 00 a 270 pl 4 vgn - a 270 pl 4 centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd + rw 17 wuxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2415 . 00 $ 2405 . 00 $ 2395 . 00 $ 2375 . 00 t 270 p / l vgn - t 270 p / l centrinol . 2 g ( m ) lgb 60 dvd rewriter 10 . 6 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2545 . 00 $ 2535 . 00 $ 2525 . 00 $ 2505 . 00 t 2 xp / s . cez vgn - t 2 xp / s . cez centrinol . 2 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd rewriter 10 . 6 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2595 . 00 $ 2585 . 00 $ 2575 . 00 $ 2555 . 00 s 270 p 6 vgn - s 270 p 6 centrino 2 . 0 g ( m ) lgb 80 dvd + rw 13 . 3 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2700 . 00 $ 2690 . 00 $ 2680 . 00 $ 2660 . 00 a 270 pl 1 vgn - a 270 pl 1 centrino 2 . 0 g ( m ) 512 80 dvd + rw 17 wuxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2745 . 00 $ 2735 . 00 $ 2725 . 00 $ 2705 . 00 fa 497 xp . 3 vgn - fa 497 xp . 3 centrino 2 . 0 g ( m ) lgb 100 dvd rewriter 17 wxga + xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2991 . 00 $ 2981 . 00 $ 2971 . 00 $ 2951 . 00 al 40 pl 2 vgn - al 40 pl 2 centrinol . 7 g ( m ) lgb 60 dvd ± rw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 3030 . 00 $ 3020 . 00 $ 3010 . 00 $ 2990 . 00 hp / compaq evo model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless price remarks nx 6110 pg 841 es # abb centrinol . 6 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga dos 10 / 100 wifi $ 900 . 00 nx 6110 pg 819 ea centrinol . 6 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 998 . 00 bluetooth nx 6110 pg 820 ea # abb centrinol . 6 g 256 60 dvd rewriter 15 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1040 . 00 bluetooth nc 6000 dy 418 s pentium m 1 . 4 g 256 40 dvd rom 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1019 . 00 nc 6000 pg 434 us pentium m 1 . 4 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1069 . 00 nc 8000 dvl 15 u pentium m 1 . 4 g 256 40 dvd rom 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1069 . 00 nx 6110 pt 603 aa # abv centrinol . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1099 . 00 nx 6110 pg 821 ea # abb centrinol . 6 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1130 . 00 bluetooth , w / travel battery nc 6120 pg 824 ea # abv centrinol . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1210 . 00 bluetooth nx 6110 pt 604 aa # abb centrinol . 7 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1240 . 00 nc 6120 pu 885 aa # abv centrinol . 7 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1315 . 00 nx 8220 pg 801 ea # abv centrinol . 7 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1332 . 00 nc 4010 pf 672 a centrinol . 7 g 512 40 - 12 . 1 tft xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1345 . 00 bluetooth nx 8220 pg 802 ea # abv centrinol . 7 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1411 . 00 bluetooth nc 6120 pg 825 ea # abv centrinol . 87 g 512 80 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1425 . 00 bluetooth nc 6120 pxo 38 aa # abv centrinol . 7 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1460 . 00 bluetooth nx 7010 pg 587 ea centrinol . 8 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wsxga + xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1595 . 00 nx 8220 pg 803 ea # abv centrinol . 87 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wsxga + xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1660 . 00 nx 8220 pg 804 ea # abv centrino 2 . 0 g lgb 80 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wsxga + xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 2025 . 00 bluetooth hp / compaq rugged tablet pc model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless price remarks tr 3000 p iii 933 mhz 256 40 - 8 . 4 tft svga xptpc 10 / 100 wifi $ 1444 . 00 w / digitizer control panel touchscreen compaq model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless price remarks r 3399 l amd 64 bit 3200 + 1024 80 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1370 . 00 compaq presario model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless price remarks m 2010 us px 392 ua # aba celeron 1 . 3 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 818 . 00 ibm thinkpad model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless price remarks r 40 e 2684 kju celeron 2 . 2 g 128 20 cd - rom 14 . 1 tft xph 10 / 100 $ 796 . 00 r 50 e uropvxx centrino 1 . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga dos 10 / 100 wifi $ 855 . 00 r 50 e uroptxx centrino 1 . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 910 . 00 r 40 26817 cu celeron 2 . 0 g 128 20 cd - rom 15 xga xph 10 / 100 $ 955 . 00 r 51 ujok 2 xxx centrino 1 . 6 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1240 . 00 r 51 unor 6 xx centrino 1 . 6 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1505 . 00 t 42 23734 wu centrino 1 . 7 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1580 . 00 t 42 uc 2 flxx centrino 1 . 7 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1670 . 00 t 42 2373 klu centrino 1 . 7 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1770 . 00 t 42 23738 zu centrino 1 . 7 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1795 . 00 x 40 2371 ghu centrino 1 . 4 g 512 40 - 12 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1870 . 00 x 40 2371 h 9 u centrino 1 . 4 g 512 40 - 12 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1870 . 00 t 41 23734 gu centrino 1 . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1920 . 00 t 42 23733 uu centrino 1 . 7 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 1970 . 00 t 42 uc 2 f 6 uk centrino 1 . 8 g 512 80 dvd multi 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2040 . 00 bluetooth t 42 2373 gvu centrino 1 . 8 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2270 . 00 t 42 p 2373 htu centrino 1 . 8 g lgb 60 dvd rewriter 15 uxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2620 . 00 t 42 2373 kxu centrino 2 . 0 g lgb 60 dvd rewriter 15 uxga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 2870 . 00 t 42 p 2373 qlu centrino 2 . 1 g lgb 60 dvd rewriter 15 tft xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 3370 . 00 acer aspire * models available in english only - please call model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless price remarks as 3002 lc lx . a 5505 . 014 amd sempron 2800 + 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 $ 685 . 00 as 3002 lci lx . a 5505 . 107 amd mobile sempron 2800 + / 1 . 6 ghz 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 $ 760 . 00 as 3002 wlci lx . a 5505 . 221 amd sempron 2800 + 256 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 785 . 00 as 3002 lmi amd sempron 2800 + 256 40 dual dvd - rw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 879 . 00 asl 681 wlci lx . a 2805 . 010 centrino 1 . 5 g 512 80 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 xbrite xph 10 / 100 $ 1019 . 00 ( eng ) asl 522 lmi lx . a 3706 . 002 amd athlon 64 3000 + 1 . 8 g 512 80 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1069 . 00 ( eng ) asl 711 sci lxa . 1506 . 006 p 4 2 . 8 g 512 80 dvd / cdrw 17 . 1 sxga xpp 10 / 100 $ 1265 . 00 ( eng ) acer travelmate * models available in english only - please call model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless price remarks tm 382 tci celeron 1 . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga linux 10 / 100 $ 755 . 00 minimum 20 pieces ( eng / russian keyboard ) tm 2304 lci celeron 1 . 3 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 797 . 00 tm 2203 lci celeron d 335 2 . 8 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 tft xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 799 . 00 ( eng ) tm 2201 lci celeron 2 . 66 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 799 . 00 ( eng ) tm 2302 lci celeron 1 . 5 g ( m ) 512 60 - 15 tft xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 899 . 00 ( eng ) tm 2304 lci lx . t 5606 . 206 celeron 1 . 3 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 899 . 00 ( eng ) tm 4002 lci lx . t 5305 . 249 centrino 1 . 6 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 930 . 00 bluetooth tm 2354 lci celeron 1 . 3 g ( m ) 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi $ 938 . 00 tm 4000 lci lx . t 5306 . 048 centrino 1 . 45 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 985 . 00 ( eng ) tm 4052 lci lx . t 7006 . 003 centrino 1 . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 tft xpp 10 / 100 $ 1040 . 00 ( eng ) tm 4001 lci lx . t 5306 . 054 centrino 1 . 5 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1044 . 00 ( eng ) tm 4502 lmi lx . t 5106 . 109 centrino 1 . 6 g 512 80 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1079 . 00 ( eng ) tm 4503 lci lx . t 5106 . 101 centrino 1 . 7 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1144 . 00 ( eng ) tm 4505 lmi centrino 1 . 8 g 1000 100 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1360 . 00 tm 4504 lmi lx . t 5106 . 112 centrino 1 . 8 g lgb 100 dvd rewriter 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi $ 1360 . 00 ( eng ) tm 382 tci lx . t 5806 . 018 centrino 1 . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw ext . 12 . 1 xga xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1440 . 00 tablet pc tm 8006 lmi lx . t 4206 . 147 centrino 2 . 0 g 512 80 dvd super multi 15 sxga + xpp 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi $ 1687 . 00 ( eng ) tmc 302 xci lx . t 280 e . 214 centrino 1 . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw int . 14 . 1 tft xptpc 10 / 100 $ 1825 . 00 tablet pc made in japan fujitsu lifebook model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless price remarks t 3010 t 3010 centrino 1 . 4 g 1000 60 - 12 . 1 xga xptpc 10 / 100 wifi $ 1130 . 00 tablet pc s 6231 s 6231 centrino 1 . 6 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 13 . 3 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi $ 1370 . 00 n 3510 fpcm 41723 centrino 1 . 73 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 $ 1395 . 00 all notebooks carry one year international warranty for arabic / french / russian . . . . . keyboards add @ $ 66 . 00 * * 56 k fax modem standard with most models * * * special bto ' s , eta 1 week to 10 days upon confirmation . includes free ! toshiba port replicator all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for the latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via : www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel ibm iomega us robotics microsoft aopen cisco apc creative toshiba canon intellinet targus sony epson viewsonic - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com terms and conditions : price and availability are subject to adjustment due to fluctuation in the market prices fluctuate frequently , please call for notebook models not listed for toshiba , hp , compaq , casio , dell , sony pdas 1 . we are not responsible any typographical errors . 2 . please call for quantity pricing . 3 . all notebooks carry one year warranty . 4 . each 2 years warranty can be obtained at only $ 99 . 00 note : 1 . intel centrino processor is equal to " double " the speed in comparison to p 4 eg . centrino 1 . 3 is similar to p 4 2 . 6 2 . centrino processor manage battery consumption more efficiently as well . 3 . centrino processor also has much better wireless capabilities . 4 . dvd multi - reads dvd rom , writes dvd rom , writes dvd ram 5 . xpmc - microsoft windows xp media center edition to receive our special offer in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: immidiate contract payment dear guenter , during the auditing and closing of all financial records of the central bank of nigeria ( cbn ) it was discovered from the records of outstanding foreign contractors due for payment with the federal government of nigeria in the year 2005 that your name and company is next on the list of those who will received their fund . i wish to officially notify you that your payment is being processed and will be released to you as soon as you respond to this letter . also note that from the record in our file , your outstanding contract payment is usd $ 85 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( eighty - five million united states dollars ) . kindly re - confirm to me if this is inline with what you have in your record and also re - confirm the information below to enable this office proceed and finalize your fund remittance without further delays . 1 ) your full name . 2 ) phone , fax and mobile # . 3 ) company name , position and address . 4 ) profession , age and marital status . 5 ) copy of drivers license i . d . as soon as the above information are received , your payment will be made available to you via an international certified bank draft , which will be delivered to your doorstep for your confirmation . you should call my direct number as soon as you receive this letter for further discussion and more clarification . best regards , prof charles soludo . executive governor central bank of nigeria ( cbn ) general of the federation direct line : 234 - 1 - 476 - 3640 e - mail : dr _ soludocbnl 11 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: new breed of equity trader nomad international inc . ( ndin ) a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . shares outstanding : 34 , 00 o , ooo float : 4 , ooo , oo 0 current price : o . 09 wiil it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! may 18 - - nomad internationa | inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent announcement by the canadian radio - television and telecommunications commission ( crtc ) that they wouid regulate voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as | oca | telephone service . in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to buiid sustainabie competition in loca | telephone markets , the incumbent carriers wiil not be permitted to price their local voip services below cost to stifle competition . " the ruling is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter the canadian market with our products via internet service providers , cable companies and virtual operators . the ruling permits us to enter the market with a competitive framework , " stated jan oiiver , ceo of nomad international inc . the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers . though broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utilization woridwide , dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the u . s . aione , there are over 200 , 0 oo , ooo users of the internet . of the tota | users in the u . s . , the tota | number of users of broadband is oniy approximately 4 o , 0 oo , ooo ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dia | - up therefore represents approximateiy 80 % of the entire internet connectivity market . the percentage of dia | - up versus broadband users woridwide is even higher . nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dial - up customers and service providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration , but aiso sets the company apart from its competition in the marketplace by offering a unique , proprietary and easily adaptabie product . about nomad internationa | inc . nomad internationa | inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s revoiutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireiess capabilities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are already familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go ndin . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 018 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: delta power louise , the lawyers are turning docs and expect to have the escrow account set up and funded by the end of the week ( 19 th to set up and 20 th to fund ) . delta told us they will fund this week . i was speaking with dean vanech on a separate deal and he matter - of - factly said that he thought that we were done on the turbines , just wrapping up the paperwork . i will let you know if ( i ) anything changes or ( ii ) the $ shows up . regards , chris 
2	Subject: lunch treebeard ' s ? i am hooked . name the time and place to meet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ? tell ami good luck for me . ? who would have thunk ou would be back so quickly . now we have to contend with them , k - state , and the conference championship ( if we survive ) . i don ' t see the big 12 being # 1 if we don ' t lighten up on each other . ? you want a chuckle - - - - - my daughter is a big nu fan and has gone to a couple of baylor games . ? says it ' s not quite the same as lincoln ; but the expectations are not high . ? let me know on lunch and i ' ll be there . ? ken 
2	Subject: super vkiagra generic cialis ( regalis ) , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . quite a difference . cialis is known as a super - víagra or weekend - víagra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / go - medz . com / zen / ? sashok - - - - - the link below is for those who hate spam . . . http : / / go - medz . com / rm . php ? sashok -   - 
2	Subject: reply soon from the desk of mr . adnan a . k . ismail manager national bank of abu dhabi dubai united arab emirate ( u . a . e . ) email : adnanaki @ arabtop . net i am mr . adnan a . k . ismail branch manger of national bank of abu dhabi i am writing following an opportunity in my office that will be of immense benefit to both of us . in my department i discovered an abandoned sum of $ 12 , million ( $ 12 , 000 , 000 , 00 ) united state dollars ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers , late mr . morris thompson an american who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you shall read more about this story visiting this site . http : / / www . cnn . com / 2000 / us / 02 / 01 / alaska . airlines . list / and http : / / www . nativefederation . org / history / people / mthompson . html since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately i learnt that his supposed next of kin being his only daughter died along with him in the plane crash leaving nobody with the knowledge of this fund behind for the claim , and the banking law and guidelines here united arab emirate that such money remained after five years the money will be transferred into banking treasury as unclaimed funds , note : i want you to stand as the business partner of late morris thompson so that my bank can transfer the money to your account without any problem , so now i will like you to provide me your full name and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavit that will put you in place as the next of kin of late morris thompson , we shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate administration in your favor for the transfer a bank account in any part of the world , then i will facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary next of kin , the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60 % form and 40 % for you , there is no risk at all as the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as branch manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction if you are interested , please reply immediately via the private email address above , upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction . please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . please observe utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email address . adnanaki @ arabtop . net best regards , mr . adnan a . k . ismail 
2	Subject: livelink access - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 01 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron technology from : moyez lallani @ enron 01 / 16 / 2001 10 : 46 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : livelink access gentlemen , i have created a folder called research projects folder in the livelink test instance . the url to the test instance is to log in , use your nt login id as your userid and password ( all lowercase ) . you will find the folder on the enterprise workspace . please call me should you require further assistance . moyez lallani x 5 - 3683 
2	Subject: california update 4 / 12 / 01 ? sources report that socal chairman , john bryson , and governor davis were roommates together at stanford in the early 60 ' s . this longstanding relationship may provide some explanation for socal ' s willingness to negotiate with the governor and the governor ' s determination to reach a solution with socal . ? voluntary bankruptcy reportedly is " not an option " for socal . however , the possibility remains that socal ' s creditors will take them into involuntary bankruptcy . if the state ' s purchase of the transmission assets is delayed , it appears that the possibility of this occurring will increase . ? however , the agreement by the state to purchase socal ' s transmission assets is actually a memorandum of understanding . the agreement reportedly was rushed for " political purposes , " but the details still remain to be decided . it is possible , the 60 - day deadline stated in the memorandum may have to be extended . ? pg & e reportedly refused to part with its transmission assets in its negotiations with the governor . pg & e makes more money on transmission than distribution of power , the opposite is true for socal . 
2	Subject: we know our sto - cks pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itseif in the gap between the major media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , publishing and technoiogy companies . current price : 0 . 025 will it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil | acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholly owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , wi | | provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los angeles and will change its corporate name to controversial entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 2 oo 5 , and seek shareholder approva | immediately thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this ailiance wi | | allow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create while embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most infiuentia | taients in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major labels ' | ack of commitment to their artists and customers ; labeis that cast aside established artists who can no longer generate multi - miilion selling recordings , but who consistentiy reiease albums which sell hundreds of thousands of records to a | arge and loya | fan base ; artists that can easiiy generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 million per titie , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additionaliy , the acquisition of vdg wi | | provide us with the ability to distribute our own product directly to retail to over 22 , 0 oo retai | location in north america , effectiveiy doubling the company ' s net profit margins and ailowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow conciuded , " while there are smaller | abels that do provide a home for these acts , they lack either the wi | | or financial resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution of entertainment - reiated media for fiim , teievision , music and publishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currentiy inciudes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar ciassica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mai | - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 7 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: buy pain relief medicine at unbelievable prices kgonxe . idkylzdppzvrtdi . hjtkye . . wq 4 jd 5 aqe 3 mkouiqcumsqjg . j 2799 i 2 cay . qc 2 rql 3 nlu . czu 5 cila 9 u . koyuh 53 as 7 . zw 4 kzl 2 nmn . j 2 iglo 3 ynl . 8 hs 933285 c . 410 jyelh 5 t . wx 6 wlhkzwj . 2 vlqsqyl 8 d . ry 8 u 5 algun . mz 5 cfk 8 h 6 d . 01 wzt 4 nouz . fkiolblayg . ovcs 2 s 3 cvr . 2 emgealzan .  out .  
2	Subject: attention important ! ! ! dear sir , i am the confidant of the ex - president of the philippines ( mr . estrada ) who was removed from power as you may know . he has secretly informed me to contact you and to liaise with you to invest the sum of $ 21 m ( twenty one million dollars ) which he deposited in a bank during his tenure . now the procedures are that you will be given the contact of the bank so that you will contact them to open an account online account where the money will be transferred into from his account since he can not come out in the open to use this money . after you open this account , i will order the bank in a written form to transfer the money into your own bank account after which you can then transfer it to some other account in your place for sharing . upon request by you i can send to you the certificate of deposit of this amount for your assurance . we are willing to concede up to 25 % of the total sum to you for all the anticipated help from you hoping that it will cover all your expenditures before and after the transaction . however , we will desire that you will help us invest our share till we will be free to meet you up in your country for further talks , please if this proposal is ok by you , please write me back via this e - mail address marcusestrada @ gmx . net so that i can give you all the necessary information you might need . thanks for your anticipated co - operation yours truly , m . estrada . 
2	Subject: stop smoking in just 7 days  
2	Subject: invitation to sunday dinner with vince @ 6 . 45 pm dinner changed to 6 . 45 pm - 6 . 30 pm is too early for them . table for 4 booked under vince ' s name . regards , anjam x 35383 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 17 / 02 / 2000 17 : 55 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anjam ahmad 14 / 02 / 2000 15 : 48 to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : invitation to sunday dinner with vince @ 6 . 30 pm hi steve & ben , we are planning an early sunday dinner ( one of the few evening slots that are free in vince ' s schedule ) at : diverso restaurant 85 piccadilly london wlv 9 hd tel : 020 7491 2222 it ' s just a few yards to the left of park lane hotel on park lane , close to hyde park corner underground and we ' ve been there before . vince would like to discuss the latest developments and it seems like the best opportunity to do so . please let me know if you can make it and i can make sure the table is booked accordingly . regards , anjam x 35383 p . s . vince will be staying at the park lane hotel , telephone number 0171 499 6321 
2	Subject: spice up your cellphone with a wallpaper from dirtyhippo . dress up your phone . visit here . dxndeueqjdzo 
2	Subject: meter 6315 daren , i have some flow at the above referenced meter without a deal . flow was for the first 2 days only , and probably occured as the meter was in the process of being shut in . we purchased the gas from torch - rally partnership in sept . can you extend the deal , or should i allocated off to strangers ? please advise . mary 
2	Subject: re : mgmt 656 pam thanks yes , please , send me the e - mail addresses . vince pamela vande krol castro on 01 / 26 / 2001 10 : 40 : 17 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : mgmt 656 here are your latest rosters . let me know if you would like the spreadsheet with their e - mail addresses as well ! - pam ( 6223 ) - 656 . doc 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: extra time - cures premature ejaculation hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / reattain . com / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / reattain . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: as you know , it is crucial to again put funds back into enron re . under bermuda law , officers , directors , etc , are criminally liable for breaches . thanks for getting this done . jeff 
2	Subject: re : walium clalls vlagara hello , wouldd you like to spend less on your medlcatlons ? visit pharamcybymmall shop and save up to 7 5 % va u ag c is ll mvl ra lal andmanyother - - - - - original message - - - - - check out our lowest prices on the net !  
2	Subject: bi - weekly transmission update report energy info source is privileged to make available to you a free sample issue of its bi - weekly transmission update report ( attached ) . this report contains the latest iso , rto , utility , and merchant transmission news provided in pdf format delivered to you via email every other week all for only $ 75 / year for an individual subscription ( corporate subscriptions for multiple users are available for $ 200 / year ) . check it out and if you ' d like to subscribe , click on the following link to order online or call us at 888 - 986 - 2250 to order by phone . we accept visa / mastercard / american express or can invoice your company . viewing the report requires adobe acrobat reader 4 . 0 or higher , available free at : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - if you want to be removed from our mailing list or for more information : energy info source , inc . email : custsvc @ energyinfosource . com phone : 888 - 986 - 2250 - transo 7 _ 23 . pdf 
2	Subject: dec 2 super saturday friday and saturday participation please see attached . thanks shelly 
2	Subject: lone star points daren , there were several points on your list that were previously created and the remainder have been created , with the exception explained below . donna and i researched your list and identified the ones that were on system ( which she would create ) and the ones that were off system ( which i would create ) . standard pooling stations and west texas ( line x ) pooling stations had no meters , so they are not set up . the hunt fairway plant ( 17 - 8477 - 01 ) was previously created as ( 178477 ) , i need to know if the ( 01 ) needs to be added . we need to verify hpl - texoma ( 17 - 0973 - 13 ) , it is set up as ( 17097613 ) . is this the same point ? ? ? please let donna and myself know how to proceed with the ones in red . thanks , faye 
2	Subject: help is on the way diann be the best you can be after you grow 9 inches ! cream embroidery coot graceful candy conspire colatitude convene extensor fogging frigate just awe descant calendrical carte pilfer buteo jerk caddis . emitter loosen yale impound greed lin jail ecliptic quandary castigate heliotrope donner carolyn germinal antoine stabile pinion scrawny luxuriant oldy upheaval sunrise alan brevity bovine joanne allegra . waaant to be reeemoooooooveeeed ?  
2	Subject: fw : edison mission louise , i spoke with michael tribolet re : ring - fencing issue for pg & e . i don ' t believe it has been a center stage issues within the pg & e bankruptcy proceeding and i am not sure it will become one . if pursued it would probably be solely for a nuisance factor against pg bradford , william s . cc : nelson , roderick ; taponen , minna ; bayley , rob g . ; arnold , nick ; lewis , richard subject : edison mission fyi i had an interesting conversation with someone from el paso who recently left employment at edison mission in the uk . el paso want no exposure at all to eme ( even directly with eme ) as they are known to have a number of assets up for sale globally and are struggling for liquidity - largely to feed the californian utility . it seems that , despite their apparent ringfencing from sce , the chickens are coming home to roost . on top of this , eme are fighting a number of legal battles with uncertain outcomes with specific reference to first hydro , a number of parties have expressed an interest in purchasing the fff assets if the first hydro assets were thrown in too . we already suspected this but this adds some credence to it . whilst first hydro has a lot of value as a going concern , we should not be taking any exposure to the project entity without recourse to the parent and - the message seems - be careful there too . anyway , interesting opinion from the market ? . oliver 
2	Subject: super quick weight loss body wrap at home to lose 6 - 20 inches in one hour . with bodywrap we guarantee : you ' ll lose 6 - 8 inches in one hour 100 % satisfaction or your money back bodywrap is soothing formula that contours , cleanses and rejuvenates your body while reducing inches . learn more morgen armhole debauchery stagy calvin coop byline applaud terminology northbound obsessive d ' etat swaziland americana slim backplane felt gingko strengthen occidental allot couturier blomquist bondsmen areaway aphasia erosion fulfill eros avert aida islam sanatoria emory light behavioral vaudois fiduciary hadley commentary oldsmobile longue buzzer deanna  
2	Subject: performance at this point , monday december 4 th seems to be free for most of you whose calendar i have . let me know . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000 07 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 10 / 30 / 2000 07 : 32 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : performance good morning everyone . please let me know which date you would prefer . december 4 or december 8 th . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000 07 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - norma villarreal 10 / 28 / 2000 10 : 47 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona perkins / corp / enron @ enron subject : performance the research group will be conducting a performance review committee ( prc ) meeting in early december . all vice presidents , sr . directors and directors should attend . shirley crenshaw will be contacting you to schedule the prc meeting date and time . these are the current available dates : december 4 , 8 . in preparation for the meeting please submit recommended rankings and promotions to me based on employee feedback by november 29 , 2000 . please included analyst / associates , if you have any questions please feel free to call me or ramona perkins at x 58165 . here is some helpful information for you as we proceed throughout he performance evaluation process october 25 , 2000 - november 17 , 2000 ( 3 1 / 2 weeks ) : employees will provide a list of accomplishments occurring after june 1 , 2000 to their supervisors employees will receive an email advising of access and passwords to pep system ( 10 / 25 ) employees identify selected reviewers on line and will submit to supervisor supervisor will add and / or delete reviewers in order to capture a full 360 degree feedback supervisor will submit and reviewers will receive an e : mail advising them of their reviewer role reviewers can decline or complete the review once system closes on november 17 , 2000 , prepare for research prc meeting ( print consolidate review , pre rank employees , identify candidates for promotion and submit to hr ) important dates ( i will notify you of any changes ) : september 30 , 2000 only employees before 10 / 1 / 00 will be included for pep and bonuses october 15 , 2000 whomever is the supervisor for employees on 10 / 15 / 00 will be responsible for their reviews october 25 , 2000 pep system opens ( http : / pep . corp . enron . com ) october 30 - 31 , 2000 pep overview session at doubletree november 17 , 2000 pep system closes for feedback november 23 - 24 thanksgiving holiday november 29 , 2000 provide hr with pre - rankings and promotions december tbd , 2000 research prc january 31 , 2001 all reviews must be complete , signed and submitted to hr norma sr . hr representative x 31545 
2	Subject: establish your proof of identity with id verify bruceg @ em . ca content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 establish your proof of identity with id verify establish your proof of identity with id verify - an easy way to help others trust you as their trading partner . the process takes about 10 minutes to complete and involves updating your information over a secure connection and answering a few questions . when you ' re successfully verified , you will receive an id verify icon in your feedback profile . verification is free and is valid until your name , home address or phone number change . you ' ll not be charged when you complete the process . note : after successful verification , you will not be able to modify your contact information for 30 days . also , the id verify icon is used for 3 different verification processes . verisign provides individual verification on ebay . com . deutsche post is used for the verification of german members on ebay . de . we appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep ebay a safe place to trade . thank you for your attention on this serious matter . we apologize for any delay in resolving this situation . please do not reply to this e - mail as this is only a notification . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . regards , morris franklin ebay safeharbor investigations team about ebay | announcements | security center | policies | site map | help copyright 1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy . ebay official time  
2	Subject: miss \ / allium , vlaagrra , somma , zol 0 ft , xanaa , claal 1 s charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > along arm again , advantage wife evening reference free , advantage similar showed . discouunt priice meds ( brand new ) shiip to all countries viaagrra , \ / aliium , meridiia , cialiis , ativan , rivotri , xanaax , lipiitor , flexiril free , sooma , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , turning & many more high demanding meds latter ciiick here to enjoy discouunt thinking teacher pride slow justice ? know dirty easy ? music winter quarter spoken stairs allowed ? cousin intelligent pleasure day , within companion one completely turning ?  
2	Subject: re : enron mba excellence scholarship thank you note i thought this was a nice thank you from david . even though he did not win the scholarship , he enjoyed the experience and he is offering to help us in the future ! karen - - - - - forwarded by karen marshall / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2001 07 : 41 am - - - - - " david silldorff " 03 / 28 / 2001 11 : 14 pm to : cc : subject : re : enron mba excellence scholarship dear karen , thank you again for including me in your group of finalists for the enron scholarship . enron ' s commitment to community service and education is most admirable , i and felt honored to be selected ( particularly considering the other people chosen ) . i even enjoyed the interview experience , mostly because of the neat interviewers . i also appreciate the prompt replies to all correspondence , as well as the follow - up call this evening ( even if the news was not quite what i wanted to hear ) . it ' s great to see people " doing it right " . if you need any assistance with future events at ut , please don ' t hesitate to call . sincerely , david silldorff ( 512 ) 458 - 8878 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is avaiiable for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best regards , herminia  
2	Subject: we are reliable and convenient rx drugstore along with overnight shipping available we have great prices on all your medical needs . try our site and enjoy ! we offfer precious service for your prescription needs budget prices and overnight delivery of your prescriptions at your fingertips . allow us be your rx solution ! we have the most popular medicines in stock . allergy relief , women ' s and men ' s health , hypertension and sexual health are just a few examples . who still wants to queue in line at the local pharmacy if they have used intenet pharmacy for rx refill ? it is the right place for low price meds and quality service . - - supporter for internet pharmacy fearable lcuttleboneo 0 deo volentefern ally coracle light trucks and mining equipment have all raised prices . i would argue that maybe it ' s good , he says . developed by the association of american feed control officials ( aafco ) .  
2	Subject: thanks for january 1 , 2000 i wanted to extend my thanks in advance to all of you who will join me in the office on january 1 , 2000 . i appreciate your willingness to devote part of your holiday weekend to the continuing success story at enron . as a company , enron has spent much time and effort to ensure that business will continue smoothly as we move into the year 2000 . ken walther , in working with many of you , has done an excellent job of preparing a work plan for january 1 . your work on the first will be the final step in this process . your efforts that day will allow all ena employees to return to the office on january 4 th with confidence in our ability to continue business as usual . i wish each one of you a happy new year . i continually feel privileged to work with this dedicated and talented group of employees . i look forward to all that we will accomplish in 2000 . 
2	Subject: a message from jim jim has visited msn womencentral at http : / / womencentral . msn . com and has asked us to send this message to you so you can check out the following page : maximizing your child ' s brainpower . family advice on womencentral to jump to the page , open your web browser and copy the address exactly as shown . or , if your mail reader supports in - line links , simply click on the address . jim also sent you this message : i thought you may be interested in this . msn womencentral is the one - stop resource that covers every aspect of a woman  , s life  * from money , career and women  , s issues to personal relationships , family , fitness and health . get useful tools , expert advice and peer support for daily living . check us out at http : / / womencentral . msn . com . notices : this message was sent by jim using a message feature on msn womencentral . msn womencentral does not endorse , and has not screened , reviewed or approved the contents of this message from jim . msn does not assume responsibility , and disclaims all liability , for any threatening , libelous , obscene , harassing , fraudulent or offensive materials contained herein , any violation of third party rights arising therefrom or any crime facilitated thereby . 
2	Subject: if your sex life is good . . . then make it fantastic ! prescription medicine through an easy , secure and confidential environment . children are likely to live up to what you believe of them . a rat who gnaws at a cat ' s tail invites destruction . patience is the companion of wisdom . i love people , it ' s mankind i can ' t stand . 
2	Subject: eol confirmation - transwestern pipeline company this message is to confirm your eol transaction with transwestern pipeline company . you have successfully acquired the package ( s ) listed below . if you have questions or concerns regarding the transaction ( s ) , please call craig buehler at ( 713 ) 853 - 6964 prior to placing your nominations for these volumes . us pipeline capacity tw ( firm ) transaction no : 60989 product name : lamaquina - i / b link time stamp : oct 24 2001 11 : 24 am tw request # : 27745 shipper name : burlington resources trading , inc . tw contract # : 27747 volume : 20 , 000 dth / d rate : $ 0 . 0500 / d 1 - part ( combined reservation & commodity ) 100 % load factor + applicable fuel and unaccounted for term : 11 / 01 / 2001 through 11 / 30 / 01 primary points : rp 500539 wfs la maquina plant i / c dp 500545 i / b link alternate points : rp 500535 wfs ignacio dp 500540 epng / blanco contact : craig buehler phone ( 713 ) 853 - 6964 fax ( 713 ) 646 - 8085 email craig . buehler @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : thanks , please tell me if you need anything from ees . vince j kaminski @ ect 01 / 09 / 2001 02 : 30 pm to : denise furey / hou / ees @ ees cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : denise , no problem . we shall prepare a short presentation to address these issues . vince kaminski denise furey @ ees 01 / 09 / 2001 11 : 12 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : i hope you have seen the email below . do you have any problem with what jeremy has asked you or your group to address . is there anything that you want us to supply to you to assist you ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by denise furey / hou / ees on 01 / 09 / 2001 11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - denise furey 01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 46 am to : gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , michael tribolet / corp / enron @ enron , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : don black / hou / ees @ ees , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees subject : i believe all of you received a request from jeremy blachman to hold the afternoon of january 10 th open for an off - site to discuss the manner in which rac and research assess / test the credit quality of ees transactions . i realize that rac and ees have had many discussions as to the methodology , but it might be helpful for all of us to understand the actual derivation of some of analysis . please call me with any questions or comments at ext # 30349 . the agenda will be as follows : 12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch 1 : 00 - 3 : 30 presentations 3 : 30 - to close discussion rac / research presentations the following topics would be of interest to ees : 1 - the derivation of default probabilities including ( research ) - - a discussion of the actual mathematical process , - - the analytics behind why these computations are deemed the best for enron , - - a comparison to historic default rates and why they differ ( in respect to actual default rates , shape of the cumulative default curves etc . 2 - the volatilities which are used to determine possible loss scenarios for the commodity portion of ees deals including ( research ) - - the selection of curves - - the application of those curves to the actual credit reserve model and - - why these particular tests are applicable to our products . 3 - the recovery rates used in the credit reserve model . how are these figures derived ? ( rac ) 4 - how rac and research have adjusted the credit reserve model to accommodate unusual aspects of the deal including ( rac ) - - promotion payments , - - accounts receivable - - committed capital - - and other factors ees also understands that some of you may be familiar with our processes , however , there are perhaps areas that you would like to understand more fully . please tell us what you would like to hear from us . also , rac has sent us the credit reserve model and i have seen completed models . perhaps prior to our meeting on wednesday , someone from rac and / or research could sit with me and someone from phil layton ' s group and go through the process of how the various pieces are put together . 
2	Subject: from obed williams dear , after going through your profile , i became interested in disclosing everything about myself to you . i am single interested in long term relationship . i am the son of late dr e . williams , the former chief accountant of the gold and diamond minning corporation of sierra leone , who was assassinated by the ruf rebels on the 16 of april 2004 . unfortunately my mother died for hypertension three week later here in abidjan and before then my mother has already advised me to look for a person abroad who will assist me by fronting as the foreign partner to our father on whose behalf he deposited the sum of $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 million this money was deposited with a bank herein abidjan , it was deposited for a foreign business with his partners . now that i am in abidjan and verified the deposit , i need your assistance to help me to transfer this money out , for investment in your country . i ask you to scout for a valuable and lucrative business , so that both of us can invest wisely , apart from the relationship . i have in mind to give you 20 % of the total , and 5 % for any expenses which you may incure in course of this transaction . by this mail you are now requested to arrange on how this money will be transfer into your account by sending your details information like telephone and fax number with your bank information deatils so that the transfer will be faster . waiting for your quick response . yours sincerely obed williams phone + 22507399500 
2	Subject: his pain medlcat 10 n are healing hey - i feel great h _ y - d , r - o _ c - 0 . d ' o ^ n ' e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m * g 3 o pills 139 . 00 60 p ! lls 219 . oo 90 plils 289 . 0 o full info : http : / / salesman . . com same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln : http : / / acclimate . . com / please / call me soon tiffany mayer engine - driver amoytop biotech co . , ltd , 361004 , china phone : 644 - 461 - 4469 mobile : 541 - 345 - 1565 email : nulpryey @ freeweb . de this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this package is a 84 month definite download notes : the contents of this info is for information and should not be swastika woodhen no crimp ullman time : mon , 03 jan 2005 02 : 46 : 31 - 0800 
2	Subject: enron earth day " trash bash " enron is hosting a special event on saturday , march 31 st . the first annual enron " trash bash " to clean up the banks of buffalo bayou between shepherd drive and sam houston park . i am chairing the check - in team which consists of : registering all of the volunteers handing out enron t - shirts and caps passing out gloves and garbage bags making clean up section assignments for anyone who might be interested in helping me , please call me at ext . 30329 . also , we need a lot of volunteers to walk along buffalo bayou and pick up trash . this would be a great family project , a good project for your childs youth group or boy scout or girl scout troop . it will also be fun . they will have live bands , lyou get an enron t - shirt and enron baseball cap , lunch will be served at sam houston park and there are a lot of good door prizes . if you want to volunteer for the " trash bash " clean up , just show up at sam houston park on saturday , march 31 , 2001 , at 8 am to register . clean up starts at 9 am and lunch will be served at 11 : 00 am and after lunch door prizes will be drawn and then you can go home feeling like you have done your part for houston ' s waterway environment . i hope you will think about it and bring your friends , family , ect . and help enron clean up the environment . thanks , anita 
2	Subject: what if you had . . asuncion fantastic success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it - henry david thoreau ( 1817 - 1862 ) there are only two tragedies in life : one is not getting what one wants ; and the other is getting it . - oscar wilde ( 1854 - 1900 ) dont let it end like this . tell them i said something . - last words of pancho villa ( 1877 - 1923 )  
2	Subject: rock her world with the little pill ! click here to be removed  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all listed software is avaiiable for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best regards , eilis  
2	Subject: re : houston visit with vince kaminski good afternoon shirley , it is great that vince is available on 4 / 19 . w . r . t . the attached from vince , let ' s go for the afternoon slot on 4 / 19 . i look forward to seeing you both @ lpm on 4 / 19 . have a great w / e . many thanks , soussan ( 914 ) 253 4187 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , march 31 , 2000 12 : 53 pm to : faizs @ texaco . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you regarding the time of the meeting . right now the afternoon is open . i look forward to meeting you on the 19 th . vince - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shirley crenshaw [ mailto : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ] sent : friday , march 31 , 2000 1 : 00 pm to : faizs @ texaco . com subject : houston visit with vince kaminski good afternoon : vince kaminski is available on wednesday , april 19 th from 8 : 00 - 11 : 00 am and 1 : 00 - 4 : 00 pm . please let me know what time is more convenient for you . shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator 713 - 853 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000 11 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " faiz , soussan " on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 31 : 18 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : houston visit dear vince , greetings from ny & hope all is well . as you may recall from the rog real options conference in ny , i ' d indicated the opportunity to visit with you next time i ' m in houston . i ' ll be there during 4 / 18 - 4 / 21 & wonder if we can pls meet on wed . 4 / 19 in your offices . would appreciate it if you can pls let me know whether you ' re available then ( i ' m flexible on the schedule particulars ) . if not , pls let me know whether 4 / 18 ( afternoon ) , 4 / 20 ( afternoon ) , or 4 / 21 ( morning ) will work for you . i really look forward to the opportunity & would appreciate to learn more about how you ' ve instigated the real options thinking in enron and especially its integration within the organizational & incentive matters . many thanks , soussan faiz mgr . of global valuation services texaco inc . ( 914 ) 253 - 4187 
2	Subject: works wondder dear sir / madam . we are please polity d to introduce ourselves as one of the leading online pha pertain rmaceutical shops . save doddery over 75 percent on meds today with medzmail sho goatherd p v sudoriferous la r ferrotype a l candidate al overdraught lu administer g mandrill c i gombeen sv stabilizator al unstop m sandmanyother . with each pedicure purchase you get : top qu lustring aiity best pri relatival ces total confidentiai singleeyed ity home deiiv selfsufficient ery have a nice day . 
2	Subject: i ' m working on a liquidity forecast . can you get me an estimate of how much cash margin we are still holding that might get converted to lc ' s . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: stephen bennett stephen bennett , professional meteorologist , was hired into the research group in september of this year as a specialist based on salary alignment criteria . in retrospect , and upon review , he should have been hired on as a senior specialist . after coming on board . it rapidly became apparent that stephen was clearly an " under hire . " he is well - deserving of an immediate promotion ( really more of a correction ) and pay raise , to be made retroactive at least to the lst of this month . this memo outlines the circumstances surrounding this hiring error and provides detailed justifications for this retroactive " promotion . " at the time of the interview process , there was no position in enron designated as " professional meteorologist . " in fact , the most recent similar hire prior to that date was jose marquez , also a professional meteorologist , who was hired in , based on salary alignment criteria , as a manager . while functionally , both these men are meteorologists , enron has no such job classification . compounded by the urgency in bringing on additional professional expertise in short time order , it was difficult to peg the proper enron classification appropriate for this new position . this original uncertainty and resulting misplacement of stephen into the specialist category , rather than the senior specialist category , needs to be corrected at this time . although a " new - hire " to enron , stephen bennett has extensive work experience . he has worked as a professional meteorologist at both the weather services corporation in boston and at the weather channel in atlanta . he came to enron well - referenced by both those organizations , needing no further training and only minimal supervision . once aboard here in houston , stephen immediately demonstrated the core enron values with our unique sense of urgency . after only a week , he assumed responsibilities normally reserved for someone actually at even a manager level - he was assigned and fully took over the critical afternoon weather briefings to the gas traders . this includes analysis and report preparation as well as presentation . also in the presentation arena , he now regularly briefs various desks in the morning and throughout the day . stephen is a master of communication and particularly adept at conveying what through other messengers might otherwise seem confusing or ambiguous . stephen has also demonstrated an unusually high level of self - initiative . he designed , implemented , and now maintains several sub - sites on the research web page which he tailored to various customers - in specific : the weather derivatives team , the agricultural team , and most recently , the crude and liquids team . i have recently assigned stephen to spearhead our conversion and major upgrade of this web page . these above described accomplishments are above and beyond stephen  , s regular duties which include starting work at 5 am daily , reliably and without fail , to assemble and prepare our trader  , s weather report . recently , with the advent of extended hours for both nymex and enrononline , stephen voluntarily on his own accord , assists in our new sunday weather support effort . as his supervisor , fully cognizant of his already standard 50 + hour work week , i do not solicit , but readily accept , this above and beyond expectations assistance . in review , the circumstance which resulted in this under hire condition was enron  , s immediate need for a non - standard , fairly unique professional - a meteorologist , coupled with stephen  , s desire to work for our company in spite of the absence of a hierarchy which included the exact entitled professional title reflecting his chosen career path . . once hired , stephen has clearly demonstrated through contribution and performance that he is well - deserving of this immediate and retroactive promotion . 
2	Subject: we are the only online pharmacy offering " 100 % satisfaction guarantee " . affordable - the way medications should be to be great is to be misunderstood . success is never final . the truth is easiest to disprove - its defenses are down . the basic notion underlying usenet is the flame . 
2	Subject: super vkiagra generic c / i / a / lis , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . quite a difference . c / i / a / l / is is known as a super - v?a / gra or weekend - v?a / gra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / 999 - best . com / cs / ? sashok - - - - - the link below is for those who hate spam . . . http : / / 999 - best . com / rm . php ? sashok -   - 
2	Subject: re : good news - in ^ ~ cr ~ eas _ ^ ed drive and performance security - enhanced . kaxelsonchianfong neurotoxicol ranere it is not your time to turn your back on losing weight before your trying xenical and meridia . e , urope . an me ' di ' c ~ ine kelley schoenhard ; foster snook ; michale kitchen ; gil skeen sent : thursday , november , 2004 11 : 28 am subject : good news - in , ' cr - eas _ ^ ed drive and performance " it isn ' t anything , only they all felt kindly and wanted to show it . tell the gi ' rl to put it away for your tea . it ' s so simple you can eat it , and being soft , it will slip down without hurting your sore throat . what a cozy room this is ! " like most other y , ou - ng matrons , meg began her married life with the determination to be a model hou . sekeeper . john should find h . o _ me a paradise , he should always see a smiling face , should fare sumptuously every day , and never know the loss of a button . she brought so much love , energy , and cheerfulness to the work that she could not but succeed , in spite of some obstacles . her paradise was not a tranquil one , for the little w ^ o ' man fussed , was over - anxious to please , and b ' ustled about like a true martha , c ' u _ mbered with many cares . she was too tired , sometimes , even to smile , john grew dyspeptic after a course of dainty dishes and ungr ^ a ^ tef - u . lly demanded plain fare . as for buttons , she soon lea _ rned to wonder where they went , to shake her head over the carelessness of men , and to threaten to make him sew them on himself , and see if his work would stand impatient and clumsy fingers any better than hers . they were very happy , even after they discovered that they couldn ' t li ' ve on love alone . john did not find meg ' s beauty diminished , though she beamed at him from behind the familiar coffee pot . nor did meg miss any of the romance from the daily parting , when her husband follo ' wed up his kiss with the tender inquiry , " shall i send some veal or mutton for dinner , darling ? " the little h - ou ~ se ceased to be a glorified bower , but it became a h ^ o . me , and the y ^ oung couple soon felt that it was a change for the better . at first they played keep - h _ ou _ se , and frolicked over it like children . then john took steadily to business , feeling the cares of the head of a family upon his shoulders , and meg laid by her cambric wrappers , put on a big apron , and fell to work , as before said , with more energy than discretion . tesc 12 zmarlych 07 zarabiam lotrzbiurokratyzowac 
2	Subject: oxyyyyconttin no script needeeed { taaabbsittabbs } { cccheaapicheeep } { ssstttoooppp hhhhurting todayistop da pain now } http : / / offfmeebabyy  
2	Subject: marketlink and questar expansion both approved breaking news : phased marketlink project , questar expansion approved posted 10 : 50 am ( cst ) dec 13 , 2000 the federal energy regulatory commission has authorized transcontinental gas pipe line ( transco ) to phase in construction of its 700 mmcf / d marketlink project , which would expand its leidy line from western pennsylvania to markets in new jersey and new york . phase i of marketlink would add 166 , 000 dth / d of new firm capacity on transco to serve five shippers beginning nov . 1 , 2001 . phase ii would add 130 , 000 dth / d to serve two shippers by nov . 1 2002 . ferc denied requests by the state of new jersey and the state ' s department of law and public safety to rescind and vacate an april certificate approving construction of the entire marketlink project . however , the commission is requiring transco to file executed contracts fully subscribing the remaining capacity within four months of the order . if the contracts are not filed , transco can not initiate eminent domain proceedings with respect to the remaining facilities covered by the original certificate . the commission also granted questar a preliminary determination on non - environmental grounds , saying its proposed mainline 104 looping project and interconnection with kern river pipeline is required by the public . the $ 80 . 8 million questar project would add 272 , 000 dth / d of capacity . m . l . 104 would run from coal - seam reserves in the uinta basin near price , ut , to the payson citygate and the connection with kern river . the project would loop a portion of questar ' s m . l . no . 40 and the entire m . l . no . 41 . both lines currently are running full . 
2	Subject: re : kiodex to brandon wax - please get all critical info on kiodex to dave forster so he can take this relationship over and make the right calls on this going forward . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , december 12 , 2001 8 : 12 am to : koehler , anne c . ; richter , brad ; piper , greg ; lees , lisa ; forster , david subject : re : kiodex sell the shares . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : koehler , anne c . sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 5 : 48 pm to : richter , brad ; piper , greg ; lees , lisa ; kitchen , louise subject : kiodex raj vaswani , the general counsel for kiodex , called me to pass along two messages : 1 . if a new joint venture is created to resurrect enrononline , kiodex would be interested in pursuing a business relationship with the new joint venture . i told him that it was much too early to predict whether this would be of interest to a new trading company , but i told him i would relay kiodex ' s interest to you . 2 . kiodex may be interested in repurchasing the shares in kiodex currently owned by enron net works llc . he did not know what the price would be , but wanted to know if we would be interested . since net works is a filed company , we would probably have to get the bankruptcy court ' s approval to sell . i assume that if the price is right we are interested in pursuing this . let me know . thanks , anne 
2	Subject: california update 07 . 22 . 01 summary of the activities since friday : overall , it ' s 50 - 50 or better that the legislature will finish up the budget and recess until august 20 th , without having passed some form of an " edison mou . " will have a better view of the chances of getting an mou agreed to and passed through both houses by cob monday . in the senate : the " edison mou " : as previously reported , on friday , sb 78 - - - the senate ' s version of the edison mou - - passed out of the full senate and was sent to the full senate . the bill sticks 100 % of suppliers ' debts with edison ' s shareholders but pays qfs and other creditors . the authors believe that suppliers can ' t force edison into bankruptcy because the claims are with the px , not edison , which in their view means that the suppliers can ' t reach edison . our lawyers need to assess whether the tactic is strong from a legal perspective . the bill creates an option to buy the transmission system , but rejects the goernor ' s mou , which buys it outright . though there ' s some uncertainty , the bill appears to end direct access . information we have indicates that the assembly does not support and will not pass sb 78 in its current form . enron ( and the marjority of market participants ) opposes 78 . the " dunn investigation " : dunn released his report regarding contempt charges against enron on saturday . the report recommends that the senate fine us , beginning with $ 1 , 000 the first day , and doubling everyday thereafter until enron " complies . " dunn announced on saturday that he would attempt to bring the report to the full senate for a vote on saturday . in response , our lobbyist in sacramento spoke to a leader of the republican party in the senate ( ross johnson ) , and persuaded johson to negotiate the date of the vote with burton and dunn . she was successful - - - johnson went to burton and got him and dunn to agree not to vote on the report until the senate returned from its recess on august 20 th . if the senate returns early , it could vote prior to the 20 th , but the likelihood of that happening appears low at this time . the budget : the senate passed the budget at about 1 am sunday morning . the senate adjourned for recess after the vote and is not expected to return until august 20 th . that leaves the assembly alone in sacramento to do its part regarding the budget and the edison mou . the assembly in short , leadership within the assembly is extremely weak and without much influence over its own party - - the democrats . the speaker is viewed as having botched both the budget and the energy issue . unable to do a deal , the assembly recessed saturday night and has not reconvened . it has therefore not taken the votes needed to finish up with the budget . the assembly also has not passed its version of an edison mou , which it says it intends to do . best information we have right now is that the assembly does not plan to go back into session until tuesday morning . late saturday night , the assembly speaker released yet another version of his edison mou ( ab 82 xx ) , but it does not appear at this time that he has enough votes among assembly democrats to pass it . enron - - together with business customers - - opposes the version of 82 xx released on saturday night because it does not adequately ensure direct access . best , jeff 
2	Subject: re : credit reserve simulation for ees one the outputs would be expected loss for each of the trials ( flat file ) and a graph depicting the distribution ( example below from an early owens illinois model ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : de , rabi sent : thursday , february 22 , 2001 3 : 20 pm to : o ' leary , martin ; tribolet , michael ; estrems , connie ; bradford , william cc : tamarchenko , tanya ; dhar , amitava ; kaminski , vince ; kiatsupaibul , seksan ; issler , paulo subject : credit reserve simulation for ees amitava and seksan have identified the source of the discrepancy between the option prices calculated by the credit - reserve model and the stand - alone spreadsheet model used in deal pricing . we expect to put a fix in place by tomorrow . in response to your desire to see more output from credit reserve simulation , i have identified a list of possible items that may be of interest to you for credit pricing . 1 . potential exposure across time 2 . for each simulated credit event , display : default time exposure - - is deal - by - deal breakdown of any interest ? commodity forward curves ( or spot price ? ) at default time i would appreciate it if you could let me know your wish list at your earliest . thanks , rabi de 5 - 4593 
2	Subject: secrets of zo 0 fils revealed ! new phot 0 s . humans fakking @ nlm @ ls . stallions penetr @ tes human pu - . ssles . incontrovertible looks like you ' ve come to a real zo 0 here ! yeap ! we have goats , we have horses , sheep , snakes , even dogs ! e have lots of @ nlm @ ls here and we also have lots of glris who just love to have some s . e - x with these creatures ? how do they do it ? http : / / zoo - mania . biz / 166 / ? utddz how do they sa - ck those coc . k - s ? how do they f @ kk with snakes ? snakes don ' t have coc . k - s ! ! ! guys ! our glris can do it with every creature they want ! they are ready for it ! they are tired from men ! they do realize that wild @ nlm @ ls are f @ kking like no man would ever f @ kk them . cause they are animals and they f @ kk just like everybody did thousands and millions years ago ! http : / / zoo - mania . biz / 166 / ? 1 cvql stunning lma - . ges , vldeos , art series , lots of @ nlm @ ls , yo . u - n . g horny glris spre @ dlng their legs and s @ kking coc - k . s ! this is a first ever - x - . - x - . - x - zoo where every glr | can f @ kk the creature she wants ! look at this now ! carabao credent verbose subsist stamp delete stuart embargoes compellable desist calgary falsehood embedder acquire bistable impulsive farfetched inept waybill accentual repelling alkali taskmaster marcia mazurka animate dixie mallard companion linebacker morley neoconservative crappie carlyle dionysian falter coffeecup . turin coastline preemptor conferrable countywide dyad roomful anomaly clientele ascent circumference camille backward . analogous whatnot cf crystalline jennings swelter clash archangel hazard cbs cataract exogamy aquila approach carolinian hearty elliot zellerbach drake cummings abc saw upswing lossy stableman butyl headstand pothole cursor hundredfold eh song aqua dream mediocrity saunders avert . disulfide guffaw suntanning animadvert candlewick corona demodulate sucrose deferrable calamity demitted could liquefy spurt isomorphic attendee everyday chock hugh maldistribute committed bowel ethan irritable cannel octagon coney list puffed wolves aromatic plaid seismograph antisemite fingertip buttock clotho basket drummond tutelage .  
2	Subject: young pussies tonya could feel the glow of the hundreds of candles on her bare skin . her hair was plastered to her face and she thought she must have looked horrible soaking wet , but she didn ' t care . gabriel thought she was beautiful and that was all she needed to know . tonya slid toward him in the warm water . all inside ! remove your email  
2	Subject: re : average girly ejaculation movies darlin ! : ) bazzo deravin  
2	Subject: pr / ir contact list for thanksgiving weekend attached is a contact list for the pr department and ir department through the thanksgiving weekend . 
2	Subject: do not walk behind me , for i may not lead . do not walk ahead of me , for i may not follow . do not walk beside me , either . just leave me alone . you have 2 options here , option 1 - you can put any text you want in here . option 2 - we will fill it in with the text only portion of the html message if you put the macro get your favorites below . learn how by pressing  here forget world peace . visualize using your turn signal . eagles may soar , but weasels don ' t get sucked into jet engines . friends may come and go , but enemies tend to accumulate . i get enough exercise just pushing my luck . corduroy pillows : they ' re making headlines ! friends may come and go , but enemies tend to accumulate . montana : at least our cows are sane ! anything worth taking seriously is worth making fun of . if at first you don ' t succeed , destroy all evidence that you tried . pentiums melt in your pc , not in your hand . pride is what we have . vanity is what others have . timing has an awful lot to do with the outcome of a rain dance . quantum mechanics : the dreams stuff is made of . duct tape is like the force , it has a light side and a dark side and it  holds the universe together . join the army , meet interesting people , and kill them . in here . note : some email clients don ' t disply html data . in that case what you put here will be seen by the recipient . if the email client does display html data then this will not be seen by the recipient . based on this you may wish to put a text version of your add here ; however , you can also put some macros here to make the message more random . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for october 6 , 2000 ( see attached file : hpll 006 . xls ) - hpll 006 . xls 
2	Subject: find it here hey , glide it on . . . feel it get harrd . . . then slide it in . . . trust me , she ' ll love you even more . talk to you , bart  
2	Subject: rx : cialus , levitra , and more at the online rx , mon , 26 apr 2004 10 : 57 : 20 - 0500 mon , 26 apr 2004 10 : 57 : 20 - 0500 wholesale rx take a step into the future and join the millions of people already using rx meds online . best - prices in meds - most of our products priced 30 percent less than normal . no prior rx required - shipped - direct to your door - u . s . licensed doctors . come on in : http : / / www . metro - savings . com / jw men ' s health cialis levitra propecia viaegra allergies allegra clarinex flonase nasonex zyrtec birth control allese ortho tri - cyclen yasmin cholesterol lipitor depression generic prozac paxil wellbutrin zoloft heartburn nexium prevacid prilosec pain relief celebrex fioricet tramadol ultracet ultram vioxx muscle relaxers soma come on in : http : / / www . metro - savings . com / jw no thanks : http : / / www . metro - savings . com / postmark . html rank  
2	Subject: lease deal leasing deal of the year mercedes - benz e 240 ( 2 . 6 ) elegance auto specification includes : automatic , metallic paint , alloy wheels , electric windows , remote central locking , electric folding mirrors , trip computer , air conditioning , headlamp wash , rear head restraints , tinted windows and wood trim £ 299 . 00 per month 2 years ( 3 + 23 ) £ 276 . 70 per month 3 years ( 3 + 35 ) used 2001 registered 01  y  01  51  plates ( subl 2 , 000 miles ) 10 , 000 miles per year , pcp , pch , contract purchase and finance lease are also available on request telephone : 01702 530174 fax : 01702 530200 email : sales @ sesystems . co . uk  
2	Subject: novelty youngstress inside ! crawlers richly lubricant public castled youngstress inside ! their freshness and innocence has never been so close to you before . spreading the limits of your consciousness , they are happy to bring you pleasure and excitement . all gi . rls are 14 or younger . 100 % exclu . sive shots - open and close up to you . over 3 , 000 high - qua . lity images with real artistic touch . adducted the collection is updated weekly so there ' s always something new for you to enjoy . franker watch them as they grow up developing their womanhoodb site : http : / / www . geocities . com / lolizzz 4 u / ?  shovel thank you , bye . disturb undresses trued cardiod indiscreet relax mansions befuddling parried  
2	Subject: look . . . here derm huge offer for viicodin , viagraa , vallium and lots moreee . . . savee up to 7 o % meds on our stores . visit uss today http : / / coolhealth . info / in . php ? aid  56 happy new year  
2	Subject: e nymex : market forces - enymex still on launchpad . market forces - enymex still on launchpad . 09 / 07 / 2001 energy compass ( c ) 2001 energy intelligence group . all rights reserved the new york mercantile exchange has been thinking about shifting some of its business online since early last year - - and possibly before that - when it was invited to join the electronic ( ice ) . it rejected the offer - which rival international petroleum exchange has since gladly accepted - instead unveiling plans last may to build its own electronic trading platform for over - the - counter and smaller futures contracts . but its cyberspace initiative is still on the launchpad . called enymex , the online system was supposed to launch in october 2000 , at the same time as the big oil - backed ice . but october came and went , and while ice appeared , enymex failed to show . its start date was pushed back to late 2000 - and then to the first quarter of 2001 , and then to the second quarter of this year . nymex held to that second - quarter target for months , before again failing to deliver . it ' s now given up on the third quarter as well , and exchange executives have stopped trying to predict when the electronic trading platform will be ready to go . that ' s not the only blow to nymex ' s e - trade strategy . delays are also plaguing an internet version of its existing access after - hours electronic trading system , although it remains available as a proprietary , dial - up system to existing customers . late last month , nymex announced plans to make access available over the internet - at www . nymexaccess . com - in a move designed to widen its customer base . but just a few days before the planned sep . 3 start date , the exchange pulled back ( ec aug . 31 , p 3 ) . as with enymex , a new date has yet to be scheduled . launched in 1993 , the dial - up version of access handled 2 . 1 million contracts last year , equal to 2 % of nymex ' s total trading volume . nymex executives say that putting access on the web could triple the volume of business completed on the platform . the exchange ' s new brent crude oil futures contract and other existing pit - traded contracts are available on access . compared with ice - which is steadily unveiling new services and products on its e - trade system - the new york exchange ' s path to building an electronic platform has been bumpy . earlier this year , nymex ended its relationship with accenture ( formerly andersen consulting ) , which had been involved in managing the exchange ' s transition to an electronic trading platform almost from the start . some observers characterized the move as a cost - cutting measure ; nymex says accenture was dismissed because its work was done . nymex blames many of the delays on globalview software , one of its technology partners , with which it is involved in a bitter legal dispute . in april , nymex filed a breach of contract lawsuit in a new york court against globalview , alleging that the chicago - based software firm had stopped work on enymex , and seeking unspecified damages . globalview chief executive jon olson admits that his company did indeed stop work , but says it was because nymex stopped paying . it is countersuing , seeking around $ 26 million for fees and damages . nymex president bo collins is also claiming that globalview has gone bankrupt . but olson says business is good for the 20 - year - old company , which has around 150 clients in the energy industry . with globalview off the project , nymex has decided it will build the " front - end " piece of enymex - the part that globalview was working on . when it ' s all complete , nymex will have an e - trade platform for derivatives and smaller futures contracts , and a separate e - trade service for its after - hours customers . it will also have its existing pit - traded contracts , which it has no intention of ditching . with so many different pieces , some observers wonder what nymex is up to . collins , a one - time natural gas trader at us - based el paso , responds that nymex aims to build an " electronic cloud " around its successful pit contracts . rather than disrupt a successful business , collins says the exchange is creating new , electronic trading opportunities around its pit - traded products . " the reality is we have a system of pit trading that provides immense liquidity to the market , " he says . " so i have got to figure out a way to marry the technology to the humanness of the process . " for example , nymex ' s henry hub natural gas futures contract is successful , and several types of contracts trade on other exchanges based on the henry hub price . that ' s where enymex will come in , collins says : the e - trade platform will offer spread and basis swaps contracts based on prices of nymex ' s pit contracts - thus marrying technology and the trading pit . some observers suggest that the enymex roll - out has taken a back seat to the exchange ' s newest product , a brent crude oil futures contract challenging the ipe . the new contract , which started trading on sep . 5 , was joined the following day by a new brent options contract . on sep . 7 , the new york exchange started offering a brent - wti spread options contract . the battle for the hearts and minds of brent traders will rage in the traditional trading pits of new york and london for another year , at least . but over the next 12 - 18 months , all of the ipe ' s business will be shifted online to a futures trading platform being built by ice . the ipe ' s strategy is clear . by agreeing to be acquired by ice , the london exchange obviously sees a future where commodities trading takes place in cyberspace - not in a trading pit . nymex is betting that its " electronic cloud " strategy - whereby e - trade is married with pit trading - will pay off . in the end , though , the e - trade versus pit trade battle being waged by the world ' s two biggest oil futures exchanges may become secondary to the battle for brent . if nymex can create liquidity in its new brent contract , its bumpy path toward e - trade may be forgotten . by jeff gosmano , houston . folder name : e nymex relevance score on scale of 100 : 95 to review or revise your folder , visit or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: interview schedule for alex tartakouski attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen wednesday , november 29 , 2000 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . liz alvarado 58714 
2	Subject: weekly fan fares delta fan fares for february 3 - february 6 , 2001 hello mr farmer ! welcome to this week ' s version of delta fan fares . for the uninitiated , it ' s an incredible e - mail program for delta customers who want to get away from it all and enjoy events and activities in cities across the country . before you start packing , remember that you ' ll need your skymiles number , 2341930101 , to take advantage of this exclusive online offer . these fares are for round - trip travel with a saturday departure and a return on either monday or tuesday . from this week ' s list , find a trip that you can ' t afford to miss . then follow this link to purchase your delta ticket online : professional basketball purchase a fan fare and support your favorite basketball team on the road this coming weekend . charlotte at phoenix - - charlotte , nc ( clt ) phoenix , az ( phx ) - $ 178 cleveland at boston - - cleveland , oh ( cle ) boston , ma ( bos ) - $ 128 denver at washington - - denver , co ( den ) washington national , dc ( dca ) - $ 168 indiana at milwaukee - - indianapolis , in ( ind ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 88 new york at miami - - new york - kennedy , ny ( jfk ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 148 golden state at dallas - - oakland , ca ( oak ) dallas - fort worth , tx ( dfw ) - $ 168 portland at los angeles ( clippers ) - - portland , or ( pdx ) los angeles , ca ( lax ) - $ 138 seattle at utah - - seattle , wa ( sea ) salt lake city , ut ( slc ) - $ 128 professional hockey the all - star game is in denver this sunday . come see the league ' s best players heat up the ice . - - idaho falls , id ( ida ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 118 - - los angeles , ca ( lax ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138 - - portland , or ( pdx ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138 - - sacramento , ca ( smf ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138 - - salt lake city , ut ( slc ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 108 - - seattle , wa ( sea ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 148 senior pga tour action moves to the royal caribbean classic at crandon park golf club in key biscayne , florida . enjoy some golf while spending the weekend in the south florida sun . - - new york - kennedy , ny ( jfk ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 148 - - tallahassee , fl ( tlh ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 118 arts and entertainment fan fares gives you the chance to spend some time in a city you might not otherwise visit . this weekend , enjoy yourself in milwaukee . travel to milwaukee a friendly city with a decidedly sophisticated air , this midwestern gem offers plenty of art and cultural events , nightlife , and beautiful lakeside parks . and there ' s plenty to do indoors in milwaukee , so don ' t let the february weather keep you away . in addition to the professional basketball action on saturday night ( indiana comes to town to play milwaukee ) , here ' s a few other ideas to get your planning started . the haggerty museum of art located on the western end of downtown on the marquette university campus , the museum ' s collection includes works by dali , chagall and man ray . you ' ll also find an impressive collection of sculpture and contemporary glass . the milwaukee public museum this museum of human and natural history is one of the nation ' s best and often sets the standard for similar institutions . everyone in the family will enjoy the engaging exhibits . you ' ll find 150 , 000 square feet of exhibit space , through which you ' ll be able to visit all of the world ' s continents . find the museum and the humphrey imax dome theater at 800 west wells street . - - atlanta , ga ( atl ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128 - - birmingham , al ( bhm ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128 - - charleston , sc ( chs ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138 - - cincinnati , oh ( cvg ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 98 - - huntsville , al ( hsv ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128 - - jackson , ms ( jan ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138 - - jacksonville , fl ( jax ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138 - - lexington , ky ( lex ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 108 - - little rock , ar ( lit ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128 - - macon , ga ( mcn ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138 - - montgomery , al ( mgm ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138 - - nashville , tn ( bna ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 118 - - new york - la guardia , ny ( lga ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138 - - pensacola , fl ( pns ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138 - - washington - national , dc ( dca ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128 your weekend starts here ! want to take advantage of any of these great delta fan fares ? click below ! delta reservations to make delta reservations from delta ' s home page , visit : fares do not include a $ 2 . 75 federal excise tax which will be imposed on each flight segment of your itinerary . a flight segment is defined as a takeoff and a landing . service : some services may be provided by the delta connection carriers : atlantic coast jet , atlantic southeast airlines , comair and skywest . terms and conditions restrictions : seats are limited and fares may not be available on all days or all flights . purchase requirements : fares must be purchased via delta ' s web site ( delta . com ) only . ticketing period : tickets must be purchased by 02 / 03 / 01 . travel period : outbound travel is permitted on saturday 02 / 03 / 01 only . inbound travel is permitted on monday 02 / 05 / 01 or tuesday 02 / 06 / 01 only . blackout dates : none . minimum / maximum stay : minimum stay : saturday night . maximum stay : 3 days . fare validity : fares are valid in the economy ( coach ) cabin on delta / delta connection / delta express . all fares are round trip . changes / upgrades / standby : all fares are nonrefundable . changes - prior to departure : value of fare may be applied to any applicable published delta fare less a $ 75 service charge . after departure : no changes are permitted . special offers issued on delta ' s web site may not be applied to other web fares on delta . com . credit vouchers cannot be used for payment for tickets purchased on delta . com . same day standby is allowed . taxes / fees : fares do not include government imposed transportation taxes and other applicable fees , including segment fees ( $ 2 . 75 per segment ) , and passenger facility charge ( s ) of up to $ 18 . these fees are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time of ticketing . miscellaneous : fares are subject to change without notice . other restrictions may apply . subscribe / unsubscribe you have received this e - mail because your e - mail preferences indicate you would like to receive delta fan fares information . to modify your e - mail options , or unsubscribe from this service , please visit the following link and enter your skymiles account number and pin . you will then be able to update your preferences in our e - mail programs section . copyright information this e - mail message and its contents are copyrighted and are proprietary products of delta air lines , inc . any unauthorized use , reproduction , or transfer of this message or its contents , in any medium , is strictly prohibited . this is a post only e - mail . please do not respond to this message .  
2	Subject: important : gbn meeting change the next meeting has changed dates . please mark your calenders for sunday , june 4 , 2000 at guadalara ' s restaurant at 4 : 30 pm . thanks , glenn . 
2	Subject: - virginal ! real ! and 100 % uncensored ! . wholesome bludgeon counterexample colonel rockabye beowulf diophantine jock hattiesburg coo inadequacy insurmountable counterpoint apathetic bartlett wisenheimer guild masochism promote iota burlesque archibald ancestry thurman home porn 0 only exclusive images http : / / sex - 333 . com / home / ? j 8 r 4 r - watch them uncensored inside ! ! ! - wanna look how this young vlrgln glrls lost their virginity ? ! - sweet . . . young . . . innocent . . . virginal girls ! - amateur homeparty photos of young virginal orgies ! - tons of ha * rdco * re virginal party photos ! - look how they change from shy and innocent virgins to natural born fukkers . - virginal ! real ! and 100 % uncensored ! - we got young girls doing blow - job to the older men . here you could be a witness of their first sex experiences . . . how virgins became real women ! like real yo . u . n . g t - e * e _ n g - i - r - l - $ h - a - r - d  c _ 0 * r - e ? http : / / sex - 333 . com / home / ? xesq 4 believe me it is really a rush ! ! ! so all young girls can be yours in a second ! ! ! destiny cramer hyades leningrad bipartite provoke reciprocal cataclysmic annotate pedestrian subterfuge atrium channel sorption chafe adsorb proficient stead exploitation birmingham practice margin inviable tenant pearce casino camelot coralberry havilland burette claim contradictory eerie bufflehead increase hardbake birdseed frog . cashier northeastern bootstrap wolve chartreuse dole indignant polecat ratepayer emcee snark condensible duckling catalpa lettermen conspiracy elastomer emancipate caravan brittany cloak blackout addition hostess harelip dapper southey . ricochet disruptive clint bimodal smut brief hamburg cumin blomquist activism vying mellow emitted lusty bandgap burro crisis bonnie confiscate captive ellipsoid advice bragging egan digitalis amide arrowroot frenchman wound criminal . myopic imagine cornwall bugaboo blair contemptuous burglar chateaux dopant carthage didactic boy bourgeoisie terse .  
2	Subject: re : quasi good morning , i ' d love to go get some coffee with you , but remember that annoying project that mike etringer wants me to work on for him ? this morning i am kinda under some pressure to hurry up and try to get some stuff figured out so i really don ' t have much spare time right now . ja would flip out if i left for coffee now . maybe later this afternoon ? or tomorrow morning ? anyhow , another ride sounds really cool . i had lots of fun . and yes , it would be cooler if i didn ' t have to worry about work . let me know when you have extra time to go for a ride . my weekend was pretty fun . i weed - wacked ( is that a word ? ) my yard for the first time . it looks so bad . i so don ' t know anything about lawn care . also i planted some herbs and stuff in my yard which i am sure my dog will destroy , but it s worth a try . oh yeah , i also bought a snowboard . it ' s pretty cool . i bought some step - in switch boots , too . cool , eh ? so i ' ll talk to you later . have a great day . 
2	Subject: pervers frauen in lack und leder ! gefesselt , geknebelt und  , bdsm , wachs und fisting hier findest du alles perverse ! videogalerien mit hunderten von filmen aus allen sparten und 100 . 000 e bilder in bester qualitaet klick hier ! um unsere news abzubestellen , klick hier  
2	Subject: hpl nom for february 1 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 201 . xls ) - hplno 201 . xls 
2	Subject: a simple communication tool sometimes it ' s the little things that make the biggest impact . maybe you ' ve never stopped to think about it , but for many of us , post - it notes may be one of our most frequently used communication tools at enron . because of this , every employee received , or soon will receive , a packet of post - it notes with a thought - provoking quote about communication . these post - it notes reinforce the importance of communication at enron . the individuals who are quoted on the notepads personify the true meaning of communication . we hope that as you use these notepads in your daily work , you will think about the importance of communication to the continued success of enron and work just a little harder at communicating more openly at enron . please email gina taylor ( gtaylor @ enron . com ) for post - it note distribution inquiries . 
2	Subject: pinnacle systems : special offers | june 2005 welcome to june edition of special offers from pinnacle systems . you have received this message as a registered pinnacle user or as a subscriber to pinnacle emails . if for any reason you would prefer not to receive our emails , you can unsubscribe at the bottom of this page . note : offers made in this email are valid in the us and canada only . offer details : free shipping offer expires june 30 , 2005 . valid in us and canada only . void where prohibited . offer details : upgrade to studio plus for $ 39 . 99 until june 30 , 2005 . green screen t - shirt sold separately . purchase moviebox deluxe or ultimate accessory pack and get a free green screen t - shirt . discount on ultimate accessory pack only available via this email . offers valid in us and canada only . void where prohibited . offers end june 30 , 2005 . turn your pc into an all - in - one entertainment center complete with tv and personal video recorder ! pctv 100 e from pinnacle transforms your laptop or desktop pc into an all - in - one entertainment center , complete with tv and personal video recorder ( pvr ) . watch and record analog tv channels . control live tv with advanced personal video recorder features . use mediacenter software to manage and enjoy all your photo , video and music files via a single , remote - controlled interface . click here to learn more about pinnacle pctv 100 e special offer : buy pctv 100 e and get instant dvd recorder absolutely free ! pinnacle pctv 100 e + free instant dvd recorder only $ 129 . 98 $ 99 . 99 free with your purchase . a $ 29 . 99 value ! featuring a friendly interface and revolutionary duplication technology , pinnacle instant dvd recorder allows you to record directly to a dvd with basic menus . it ? s an easy way to quickly archive your videos . a step by step wizard guides beginners through the process . for more experienced users , an advanced mode is available . offer details : free instant dvd recorder offer ends june 30 , 2005 and is only available via this email . offer valid in us and canada only . void where prohibited . exciting new features now available with version 6 . 1 ! click here to read about the top new features in 6 . 1 why upgrade ? offer details : all liquid edition version 6 pro upgrade orders will receive a free copy of liquid edition 6 quickpro guide . free book offer expires june 30 , 2005 . the $ 200 mail - in rebate program applies to liquid edition pro or adobe premiere / pro users purchasing the liquid edition pro version 6 upgrade . all offers are valid in united states and canada only . void where prohibited . here are 5 great reasons to upgrade from your current version of liquid edition : 1 , 000 ? s of real - time sd and hd effects with smartrt all - format editing from sd to hd with smartedit all new professional audio engine with support for full dolby surround sound advanced multicam support native hd support for all popular hdv formats from sony and jvc has never been easier . click here to upgrade adobe premiere / premiere pro users : why pay more on plug - ins for features like hdv support , multicam support and surround sound encoding when you can get these features standard with liquid edition ? why take the time to learn several different applications interfaces when you can access editing , effects , compositing , titling , professional audio and dvd authoring all inside a single , intuitive interface with liquid edition . finally , why pay for expensive and quickly outdated video graphics accelerator hardware when you can harvest the full power of your indigenous resources with smartrt and smartedit inside liquid edition ? why not just step up to liquid edition ? pinnacle systems provides consumers and professionals with cutting - edge digital media solutions for use at home , in the studio , and on the air . recognized worldwide as an industry leader by audio and video professionals , pinnacle systems has received 9 emmy awards and maintains the highest standard of excellence throughout our product line . if you ' ve been forwarded this email and want to subscribe , click here , or visit pinnacle systems , inc . 280 north bernardo avenuemountain view , california 94043 this message was intended for : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org you were added to the system 25 - may - 05 . for more informationclick here . update your preferences | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: 76 % off for all new software . redcoat thumb guardedly caret envies capaciously orchestral blurted unusable no swink leased arithmetically associative anton dazzle construing battered experiment terrorist shreveport harsh transcripts jewelry sunburn reply theatricals byron haziness attacking momentariness procedural multiplicative shorted confronting pruner exploring recoverable grapefruit salerno aerodynamics sandia  
2	Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 64 come explore the world ' s largest adult studio ! see all the biggest names in porn in exclusive hardcore xxx movies . vivid got the hottest pornstars ! http : / / bunt . info . babylom . info / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - canister campsite conway conspire byzantine alicia abyssinia barrett cowhide camilla adolescent composure 
2	Subject: tw weekly report for october 26 , 2001 attached is the tw weekly report for october 26 , 2001 . if you have any questions , please let me know . jan moore 713 - 345 - 3858 
2	Subject: ddo you know what ? want to know how to save over 60 % on your piil fiendish s ? http : / / ww extirpator w . havquestsor . com - successfull and proven w glucose ay to save restock your money . append v manning ag emperor al l electrophone u protector l r nineteenth a atonement cl interline isv clarity al uprisen m andmanyother . best lamellae prlces . high fratricidal quaiity . worldwide shlppl israel ng . total conf patrolman identiaiity . 250 . 000 + satis papillate fied customers . have a thumper nice day ! 
2	Subject: canon - printers / copiers / scanners printers / copiers / scanners please ' call ' for all your requirements . printers scanners all - in - one ink laser flatbed printer / scanner / copier visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change without notice . usa - canada u . a . e . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: grades pam , another term paper : john ganguzza neeraj hingorani grant johnson duane maue rishad patel eric van stone palo yoshiuro grade : a please , confirm . vince 
2	Subject: re : it ' s very simple , ' the hello , we were reviewing your record and noticed that your r at e was over 6 . we can give you a guarante e d fixe d r a te of 3 . 3 for up to $ 300 , 000 . please fill out this page to complete the process : http : / / www . qeekcy . com / we look forward to hearing from you . regards , judith luna support id 91  
2	Subject: new timesheet procedures hello everyone : just when you get used to something it changes ! as you may have heard , enron is implementing a new time entry system as part of the july 1 sap implementation . time entry for the june 16 th - 30 th period must be entered into sap by 3 : 00 pm cst on june 30 th . as your timekeeper , i will assist with this process and ensure that we meet this very important deadline . i will continue to do the time sheets for the 19 th floor and for osman and samer . sam smith and / or kevin moore will be responsible for the timesheets for the weather group on the 32 nd floor . time can be entered in sap in two ways : ? you can enter your time yourself using the new ehronline feature ; or , ? timekeepers can enter time on your behalf . if you are unsure as to which approach you should use , please call me . please remember that all time for this period must be submitted before 3 : 00 pm cst , on june 30 th . for those of you using ehronline : first of all , congratulations on taking this next step toward enron  , s vision of empowering the employee . by using the new ehronline feature , you are helping enron to realize the value in this sap implementation . hopefully , you too , will receive value from having instant access to your personal information . the new ehronline functionality is : ? easy to use ? accessible through the enron intranet at ehronline . enron . com using this feature , you can not only enter your own time , but also maintain : ? your profile information ( skills , education , and experience ) ? home address ? phone numbers ? w - 4 changes ? emergency contact information additionally , you will be able to view your individual pay advice and benefit elections . you will receive your personal id and password via e - mail from sap _ security by june 22 nd . because of the confidentiality of the information accessible using ehronline , it is important that you keep your id and password confidential . if you do not receive your information by the end of the day on june 22 nd , please call the coe at ( 713 ) 345 - 4 sap to obtain your id and password . the apollo & beyond team has teamed with ebs to deliver training on how to enter time using ehronline via ebs  , new product enroncast . this tool is available to you on your desktop . you can access enroncast at www . enroncast . com and follow the instructions . step by step guides - http : / / sap . enron . com / coe ? enter time via ehronline ( employee ) step by step procedure ? correct time via ehronline ( employee ) step by step procedure ? enter time via ehronline ( non - employee contractor ) step by step procedure ? correct time via ehronline ( non - employee contractor ) step by step procedure ] for those of you who need me to enter your time : attached is a manual time entry form that i must have completed and returned by june 28 th . please estimate the last two days of the period as accurately as possible . if necessary , i can make corrections on the next time entry period . if you do not want to use this form , i will have hard copies at my desk and will be glad to help you fill them out . i know this is creating more work for everyone , but what can i say ? where can you get help ? i am here to help you with the new coding necessary on your timesheet . also , if you do not know which absence or attendance type you should use , please come see me or give me a call . if you have other questions or are experiencing problems , you can also get help from any of the following places : center of expertise ( coe ) the center of expertise can help answer many of your questions and provide you with assistance if you are experiencing problems . the coe is available 24 hours a day from monday at 7 : 00 am cst through friday at 7 : 00 pm cst . you can contact the coe at ( 713 ) 345 - 4 sap . dedicated support personnel during the time period right after the initial  & go live  8 the project team has dedicated additional resources to help support you . these resources can be contacted at : marla hernandez at x 39763 for now and after 6 / 22 at x 31645 at workstation # eb 3661 b mark timmons at 57919 for now , pager number 888 - 620 - 3896 , at workstation # eb 3667 a regards , shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: weather person for london egm folks : we interviewed three candidates . one of the three ( tony hamilton ) seems to be a very good fit within the enron culture and values . recommended next steps vince , mike and jeff interview tony via video conference or avistar tony hamilton key strengths quick thinker good teams skills driven - will be able to get the project off the ground quickly has a commercial attitude sees " the big picture " tony hamilton is available for follow up interviews the first week of january . thanks jen 
2	Subject: current anaiysis on hot pick from our watch sheet tiger team technoiogies ( otc - t t m t ) leading deveioper of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 ) current price : - $ 0 . o 8 reasons to consider t t m t : ( source : company website ) * tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading deveioper of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technologies . t 3 has exclusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded eiectronic file transmission in accordance with federa | mandated hippa compliance requirements . this translates to tota | patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the | iabiiity and medical premiums placed on providers . based in st . pau | , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individua | medical practices by leveraging this exciusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services . * capitaiizing on increasing demand for hippa compliant guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions , inciuding ail | icenses and certifications required for handling medical fiies and performing transcription services . * employing t 3 s exciusive and patented process designed to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $ 2 , 5 oo per transmission . * establishing a certification program for medica | industry simiiar to iso 90 oo or six sigma programs applied to industria | environments . * offering medical community a bundie of services with high leve | of security and redundancy and 30 % reduction in costs . * leading advantages over competition in terms of process , technology , service and quality contro | . recent news : * tiger team technoiogies forms group in india for medica | bi | | ing and transcription services * tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large insur @ nce carrier ; retains an auditor * tiger team technoiogies moves forward in becoming a reporting company * tiger team technologies announces its intention to be a fully reporting company watch for more news that may impact the stock . . watch this stock trade thursday ! ! good luck . information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information available about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete a planned bridge financing , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of thirty one thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our list , piease go here ( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: clal 1 s : put some zip back in your love life . body bgcolor  blacktable cellpadding  10 border  1 align  centertrtd bgcolor  white align  centerpfont size  2 a href  http : / / begmfhlaj . my 36 . info / ? ; c ciacute ; aliacute ; s / a , at cheap priacute ; ces . pfont size  3 most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . brquiacute ; te a diacute ; fference . pfont size  2 ciacute ; aliacute ; s iacute ; s known as a super - viacute ; agra or brweekend - viacute ; agra because iacute ; ts effectsbr a href  http : / / begmfhlaj . my 36 . info / ? sooner / a and a href  http : / / begmfhlaj . my 36 . info / ? much longer / a . / fontpfont size  2 shiacute ; pped worldwiacute ; de . brbryour easy - to - use solutiacute ; on iacute ; s a href  http : / / begmfhlaj . my 36 . info / ? / a : / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbra href  http : / / thumba . image . altavista . com / image / 1682426017 remove / a / body / html joel snuffyrugby norman nick elliot meowrusty chaos wanker catfish smiths mailer julia cannonda racoon mollyl normanracerx basil georgia alfred valentin mimi yvonne tattoosundance abcdef montreal clipper test 2 soccerl mantra scorpion hondal chance wonder  
2	Subject: cdnow order confirmation dear daren , thank you for shopping at cdnow . this email is to confirm your order number 30320418 . to check the status of this order or to make any changes , click or copy / paste this link into your web browser : http : / / cdnow . com / myorder / otid  30320418 you can also access your order history directly from our homepage . you have ordered the following item : cory morrow : man that i ' ve been ( cd ) this will ship via u . s . postal service . the shipping address for this order is : daren farmer 2747 meadowtree ln spring , tx 77388 your order total is $ 15 . 48 . please note , at cdnow , we will accept the return of any unopened item , except vinyl recordings , within 30 days of delivery for a full refund of the purchase price ( minus shipping and handling ) . what ever happened to a - ha ? ralph macchio ? catch up with old friends and see our list of the top ' 80 s one hit wonders when you visit " it came from the ' 80 s : then and now . " your trip down memory lane begins here : please do not reply to this email . if you have questions about your order that are not addressed in your online order history , please visit our contact cdnow page using this link : http : / / cdnow . com / service this order is worth 130 fast forward rewards ( tm ) program points . these " points pending " will appear in your membership summary as " points earned " after your order has shipped . thanks again for shopping at cdnow . sincerely , cdnow customer service never miss a beat . cdnow , inc . http : / / cdnow . com aol keyword : cdnow 1757978 
2	Subject: edith terry scott , i spoke briefly with edith terry from our dc office . there is not a good fit for my group but she could be a great asset for you . i have her resume in case you are hiring and would like to take a look at her . vince 
2	Subject: membership status notification dear free member , you were gifted a free membership in cash wave generator . our records indicate your membership is about to expire and you have not locked in your cash wave income by registering for your free position . if you do not register , you will forfeit all commissions from spillover . to confirm your interest in locking in your position , and for a chance to win $ 500 , use the link you will receive an email with instructions and where to go to lock in your position and secure your commissions from spillover . cash wave generator administration 1 - 800 - 242 - 0363 , ext . 1993 to be excluded from future notices :  
2	Subject: new municipal toxic emmissions report + december 10 th bmw labs report : car mechanics in 2005 the new energy and fossil - fuel reduction systems up to 60 % reduction in car costs : e to remove call me asap javier mansfield attorneyatlaw exon - intron , inc . , loganville , 17342 , united states of america phone : 811 - 284 - 2283 mobile : 752 - 611 - 2118 email : qrjluyzdcuzfu @ freewebe . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this freeware is a 208092534 [ 1 
2	Subject: specia | offer on microsoft software tota | | y | egal microsoft for a tenth of the price bundle 1 : w ! ndows x , p pro + offlce x ' p pro only 80 8 o dollars see our compiete llst , . , bundie 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo dollars bundle 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , ! llustrator 10 - 120 do | | ars the offer is valld untiil february 18 th stock is | 1 mlted your membership is about to expire claude palmer cook interlabs , ambala cantt , india phone : 111 - 716 - 1125 mobile : 767 - 418 - 8151 email : fcoyqknvvaklv @ worldaccessnet . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this download is a 13 day trial product notes : the contents of this info is for understanding and should not be craft garcia revolve pragmatic ejaculate time : tue , 15 feb 2005 15 : 23 : 39 + 0200 
2	Subject: re : new production - sitara deals needed vance , deal # 348616 has been created and entered in sitara for samson lone star limited . meter # 9847 is not yet available in sitara and i am awaiting additional information from you on hesco . thanks . bob vance l taylor 07 / 28 / 2000 01 : 24 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : new production - sitara deals needed bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period hesco gathering oil co 9835 600 mmbtu / d 96 % gas daily less $ 0 . 14 6 / 10 - 7 / 31 samson lone star limited 9845 3000 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 10 7 / 21 - 7 / 31 winn exploration co . , inc . 9847 800 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 13 7 / 25 - 7 / 31 ( for fuel use less 3 . 35 % of del vols ) fyi , susan has created and submitted committed reserves firm tickets for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of august . additionally , these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: women do care about your size ! women do care about your size ! as seen on tv . . . expand , lengthen enlarge your member ! easy , safe and fast ! find it here : http : / / www . hardtyz . us / vp / ? matt  
2	Subject: re : update - meteorologist search great work mike ! i will arrange interviews with the london folks while i ' m there . jen from : mike a roberts 12 / 14 / 2000 09 : 54 am to : jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stephen w bennett / hou / ect @ ect subject : update - meteorologist search we have identified two good candatites who would be available for a london interview the week of the 18 th : 1 . kerryn hawke 2 . stephen cusack also strong but not available for that week is 3 . piero chessa ( working for ecmwf in italy ) we have a couple others here in the states if the london interviews don ' t work out . i am forwarding under separate cover kerryn and stephen ' s cv ' s with telephone numbers to jen - - - mike 
2	Subject: re : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 julie : i talked to both maureen and tanya and neither one want this service and have not been using it . maureen told me that she told you a year ago that she did not want telerate ( when she was supporting gary hickerson ' s group on 30 ) . if that is the case , we probably need a refund . let me know if there is anything that can be done about this . the only person in our group that wants telerate is jason sokolov and i put in a request for that yesterday . please cancel everything else . thanks ! shirley from : julie pechersky / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 09 / 2001 12 : 33 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 hi shirley , regarding telerate : i can cancel the service for both maurenn and tanya , but another name commonly used for the telerate application is bridge or bridgestation so you may want to just ask the two of them once more to be sure that they do not use it . just let me know and i will cancel billing jason can get access to it by submitting an e - request for him for telerate . when you go into e - request and it is prompting you for what application to choose , type in the words market data and hit search . telerate will pop up as an option and within that choose the role basic energy . we will take care of it from there . i will also remove hector campos from reuters . was there anyone else being charged for reuters services that are not needed ? i will also remove clayton vernon . i do not see anything under the name brad amoine , is this the correct spelling of his name ? i will also find out where shalesh ' s charges should be moved to . thanks for updating us and let me know if there is anything else . julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jackson , clifford sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 1 : 44 pm to : crenshaw , shirley cc : pechersky , julie subject : re : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 hi shirley . i ' ve copied this to julie pechersky , who maintains the market data database , and will be able to make the user changes you request . she ' ll also be able to tell you how / when telerate can be enabled for mr . sokolov . we get the billing data from her , so once it is correct there , it will be billed correctly . cliff jackson - - - - - original message - - - - - from : crenshaw , shirley sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 1 : 31 pm to : jackson , clifford cc : kaminski , vince subject : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 clifford : in reviewing our february eis billing summary for co # 0413 , cc # 107043 , i have several questions . telerate : ( february charges : $ 3 , 032 , 35 ) i polled the group and only one person has asked for telerate and he is not shown being charged for it . that is jason sokolov . he would like to have access to telerate . if you could let me know how to get that for him . the largest percent of the telerate charges appear to be for maureen raymond , who says that she does not use telerate . could she be accessing some data that she does not know is telerate ? please let me know . if there are individual accounts for telerate the only one we need is for jason sokolov , unless maureen ' s charges are for something that she does not know is telerate . tanya tamarchenko does not need telerate and she has the second largest percentage of the charges . anyway , the only telerate subscription we need is for jason sokolov . reuters : ( february charges : $ 405 . 96 ) no one in research uses reuters . i believe most of the charges are for hector campos who used it when he was on the trading desk . when he rotated into the research group he did not need it any longer , but is still being billed for it . please remove from the research cost center . the following individuals are no longer with enron or no longer with research and their accounts should be removed from the research cost center . clayton vernon no longer with the research group remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core charges from the research cost center brad amoine no longer with enron remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core charges from the research cost center shalesh ganjoo no longer with the research group remove his lim and lim core charges from the research cost center i hope this is not too confusing ! please advise . thanks ! shirley crenshaw 
2	Subject: it is your way to get quick relief expedite the service at no extra cost . and search the site for a wide range of meds online . low prcing provided on over 600 medications possible . we supply low prcing on quality meds for allergy , sexual health , women ' s and men ' s health , pain relief , high cholesterol and heart disease . at discount pharmacy , you can expedite the service and get meds with express mailing . enjoy more saving including frree prescription online . eknow you can place your medications at the best internet prices now . press here to enter our doctor will review your medical history as a complimentary service . with grandeur ( but not grandiosity ) often brings out strengths a people may not have even known the company will use 100 tractortrailers to transport decor to 25 locations across the city he must also deliver his state of the union address with a message of resolve on iraq , andbluewashed 4  
2	Subject: see page 1 best regards , jhherbert - gd . pdf 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update - us terrorism attacks see below for market , tpt / infrastructure , and political updates . rj x 39934 cell : 713 - 594 - 7995 market updates ? 6 pm est conference call among equity exchange presidents to determine restart for nyse and nasdaq . not expected to reopen tomorrow . ? nymex close to world trade center - unlikely to open tomorrow . conference call scheduled for 430 pm edt . 8 , 000 employees evacuated safely this morning . ? aga offices in dc closed . no announcement on weekly storage report scheduled for tomorrow . ? cbot electronic session will not open tonight . no new word on pit trading tomorrow . ? european bourses expected to open as normal . transportation / infrastructure updates ? faa ban on outbound flights until noon est tomorrow at the earliest ? us section of st . lawrence seaway closed . coast guard inspections stepped up . ? new york port closed , not receiving refined projects - colonial pipeline deliveries expected to " catch big premiums . " ? tosco refinery in linden nj closed . ? grand coulee dam and powerhouse in washington state operational , but locked down ? hoover dam on nevada - arizona line is locked down ? la / long beach inspecting all incoming shipping - all incoming ships anchoring seven miles outside port . ? louisiana offshore oil port operations suspended ? security at all us - canada border crossings on maximum alert . bridges / tunnels closed . ? us - mexico border closed on us side at key crossing for inspection . political update ? president bush has left sac command in nebraska and is now leaving for undisclosed location . ? opec sec - gen rodriguez says opec prepared to " take necessary measures " ? us worldwide military on highest alert ? a london - based arabic newspaper had story three weeks ago that bin laden planning " unprecedented attack " on us ? middle eastern sources reporting " fears of instability exacerbated by us reprisals " ? terrorist groups in middle east reportedly quiet ; sense that this was an " attack too far " 
2	Subject: tiffany hypes ' s internet address for life ? hi tiffany , have you seen this yet ? : www . tiffanyhypes . ws i suggest you claim your " internet address for life " now ( free to try ) before someone else by the name of " tiffany hypes " does and takes it forever . visit the link above for a unique ( and really short ) animated movie that you can share with others by email like i am doing here - you are the " guest star " in this one . as you ' ll see , it could make you literally thousands of dollars over time and secure your name on the internet , which is free to try . more importantly , though , you can help a lot of people have a better life . make sure you turn up your speakers - the actors are going to actually say your name . thanks , tiffany and let me know if you have any questions after you see your short movie . thousands of people all over the world are making great incomes with this and i hope you at least check it out . alberto your name was entered into an automatic invitation system by alberto faelnar , whose email address is bertbizws @ yahoo . com . if you want to ensure you never receive another invitation at projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org , please click here global domains international , inc . , 701 palomar airport rd . # 300 , carlsbad , ca , 92009 , usa  
2	Subject: organizational announcement i am pleased to announce that effective november lst , jan moore has joined the marketing analysis team as a senior marketing support analyst . she will be responsible for the budgeting , reporting and analysis support for the transwestern commercial team . jan has been with enron since 1990 holding accounting and scheduling positions in enron oil & gas , enron capital and trade resources and northern natural gas company . most recently , she held the position of market services co - ordinator for et & s where she acted as liaison between market service reps and management . in that position , she facilitated training and was responsible for developing processes and procedures for nominations , allocations , confirmations and scheduling for tw and nng . with her solid knowledge of both northern and transwestern , she will be a valuable addition to our team . please join me in welcoming jan to the business development & marketing group . 
2	Subject: sec information / earnings restatement today we released additional information about our related party and off - balance sheet transactions . we have made this information available both on our website and in a form 8 - k filing with the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) . the information provides further details about : - - the $ 1 . 2 billion charge to shareholders ' equity announced in the third quarter and the transactions related to that charge ; - - a restatement of prior years ' financial statements to reflect this reduction in shareholders ' equity , the consolidation of three entities and prior year proposed audit adjustments and reclassifications ; - - the special committee appointed by the enron board of directors to review transactions between enron and related parties ; - - the ljm limited partnerships , including a discussion of transactions between enron and ljm entities ; and - - transactions between enron and other enron employees . this information addresses a number of concerns that have been raised by our shareholders and the sec . as our board ' s new special committee continues its review of various matters , we will continue to cooperate fully with the sec in its investigation , and we will continue to respond to investor requests so that they can evaluate , appreciate and appropriately value the strength of our core businesses . restatement of earnings based on information that we have recently obtained , enron and its auditors determined that certain off - balance sheet entities should have been included in enron ' s consolidated financial statements pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles . as a result , enron will restate its financial statements from 1997 to 2000 and for the first and second quarters of 2001 . these restatements have no material effect on enron ' s current financial position . here are some details included in the filing : net income for each period will be impacted by the retroactive consolidation of joint energy development investments ( jedi ) and chewco beginning in november 1997 , the consolidation of an ljml subsidiary for 1999 and 2000 and prior year proposed audit adjustments . enron ' s current assessment indicates that the restatement will include : - - a reduction of approximately $ 96 million in 1997 - - a reduction of approximately $ 113 million in 1998 - - a reduction of approximately $ 250 million in 1999 - - a reduction of approximately $ 132 million in 2000 - - an increase of approximately $ 17 million for the first quarter of 2001 - - an increase of approximately $ 5 million for the second quarter of 2001 - - a reduction of $ 17 million for the third quarter of 2001 . the consolidation of jedi and chewco also will increase enron ' s debt by approximately $ 711 million in 1997 , $ 561 million in 1998 , $ 685 million in 1999 and $ 628 million in 2000 . the restatement will have no material impact on enron ' s reported earnings for the nine - month period ending september 2001 . you can obtain more detailed information on the items described above by accessing the form 8 - k filing at . we will continue to review our strategic , operational and financial position , and we will continue to keep you updated on any developments . 
2	Subject: gentlemen and lady , while i have enjoyed and leanred much from my experience at enron , the time has come for me to move on to new endeavors . effective end of the day on friday , december 21 , 2001 , i will be resigning from enron . i have decided to establish an independent consultancy firm , and i would hope we can work together again in the future . for the remainder of this week until my resignation date , i will continue to do my best to wrap - up loose ends and prepare the remaining staff of the competitive analysis business unit for possible resumption of business activities . sincerely , scott s . tholan december 17 , 2001 
2	Subject: fw : ena workforce please find attached a revised list of staff to be retained in beth perman ' s group that i submitted to sally and marla earlier this evening . password " 5555 " after discussions with power , gas and rac several names have been added to the original list of 190 and are highlighted in red . sally originally asked me to prepare this in the same style as an earlier sheet from anthony , but beth ' s world is just too big to re - work the sheets we have been using so far . ( although i ' m happy to do this tonight once we ' ve settled on the list . . . . i just don ' t want to miss anyone ) . instead i ' ve used our master list , filtered out the severs and egm / eim , added comments and an ' area ' field to help sort the list meaningfully . i ' ve also added two extra columns ' primary ' and ' hedge ' to distinguish between the needed staff and those that we have added to account for attrition and an increased demand for reporting activities . stephen stock tel : 713 - 345 - 8980 cell : 832 - 274 - 0236 
2	Subject:  if you are paying more than 3 . 6 % on your mortgage , we can slash your payment ! ( must have owned your home at least 24 months to qualify for this program ) guaranteed lowest rates on the planetapproval regardless of credit history ! start saving todayshow me the lowest rates to stop receiving offers here beauteous misty draftsman astonish twinge yard anarchy rooky alabama burgundy thereupon daffy lind melody horrible schloss clash indignity amtrak christendom desideratum airspace elisabeth costume cosgrove troy arctic embezzle hamlet collegiate coeditor blameworthy alameda assiduous auction sole darwinian zagging gander superposable accessible dreamlike corrigible compote illiteracy psychopomp stockade paraffin bullfrog kigali thermofax bogeymen quarrymen cerberus booty gingko bump conspirator dunkirk beirut depute oppose spurt culvert surety bloody drury consign everlasting einsteinium synoptic bread buckeye attendant bergman eigenstate hysterectomy cordite hemosiderin adaptive polish shrivel anecdote arctangent swank jerusalem diacritic damnation midwest parabolic synchrony broadloom charlie chortle walcott balkan hoopla addict papyri loquat smack diffeomorphic always denver nor gust rebelling bed duress embassy comport snowball utile washout allen nutrient chipmunk sodden cloudburst poplar litmus among terrace adverb melvin hall whine playa egan dante finland cavemen antacid conceive custodial allegate comprehensive anthony quadrangular rocket bicep pompadour abbott cockleshell learn float nephew caviar reprimand material sa embed archibald clergy annoy greensward cyanic leghorn cornucopia waldorf anharmonic diddle benthic charisma pyrolysis venerable chattel adjectival contemplate incommunicable errancy oblige intemperance beheld duffy eigenvector shakedown radian bengal mandrill chelate croft cattleman lark acquittal gasify inexpedient sputnik malefactor bucolic weir myoglobin fusible blum distortion eh antoinette wyner cedric afflict swap incidental dusseldorf sentient sulfa custodian bobbie carrel utter nugget serbia highest orin assort alienate argive inconsiderate brine bonneville diva columbine deadwood informant fletch credulous pastoral nude aphelion penn by bash terpsichorean uplift aristocrat identical octoroon argon balloon lexical droll hundredth molten booty amount spotty divisional convulsive disaccharide embroider young lessor spume youngster agleam bronchiolar axial pedigree choosy wilful bouquet puerto seamy convivial omission mantis slide deck hydronium chestnut educable monomeric hydrant soil enervate nh cuba capital cuisine lonesome clerk powderpuff earsplitting heritable remington excrescent director committeewomen sloe cull accipiter suppose crystalline tempt centipede beehive sweeney revision cryogenic betsey desegregate dorset angola cowherd emperor triplex occidental acerbic sanctify traversal musket totem definitive acreage steeplebush diffuse ceramic commodore ambiguity fad insurance picnic perdition accustom contradistinction flute belove internecine neutral pride bushel rubdown fetus hertzog agone watkins preparative causate necessary deadwood appliance puck tolerant debutante anarchic floyd delphic obdurate tousle commute disparage abdomen tor textural egress toledo flank david emissary coffman gentleman flask arthur caribbean kendall germanic kyle ago arizona selfish badland tyranny mysterious neurology bedevil aeolus multiplicand date mica orthodontic patriarch discretion compound ernie genus current doughnut herself yam alcove decile bus muck assurance tuscaloosa julie boxy belie replicate brindle willow cub resemble decree digest fascicle sibling befuddle croatia blackman craftspeople collegian brandish seaward germicidal precaution emirate erasable recession brandywine comeback choreography switchgear potentiometer bride edna vestibule endow canon deposit continuant venture 
2	Subject: is it a micro - cap bonanza ? best stoc - k for year 2005 - read the story and you will see for yourself are you tired of public companies without anything substantial backing their story - how about a revolutionary invention that will change the security industry forever , and the company just went public ! ! ! company name : sniffex inc ticker : snfx we profiled this stoc - k 1 month ago when it was at $ 1 and we said dont buy unless you are long term player , we projected $ 5 - 10 should be seen soon and since then the stoc - k went to $ 3 . 4 high and is now steadily trading like $ 500 k or more every day at $ 2 . 80 range . the company has the most sensitive explosive detection device in the world and now after what happened in london 10 days ago this sector is the hottest on the stoc - k market . we believe sniffex will start selling their devices very soon to all security forces around the world simply because their device can find even 100 grams of almost any type of explosive from 30 - 50 yards maybe even more and even through walls or metal shield . we strongly believe once everybody on the stoc - k market realize what a gem snfx then its possible for this stoc - k to see $ 10 - 20 levels . rating : strong buy industry : security , homeland security , cargo screening and explosion detection systems recent news : sniffex , inc . announces international marketing program do not buy this stoc - k if you want to just play it for a few days , this issue will bring best returns only for long term investors who realize the potential of the company and the fact that 2 - 3 contracts on government level could skyrocket the stoc - k price above $ 10 - 20 . reason for the top 2005 rating : unique explosive detection device capable of finding its targets from tens or hundreds of meters ! ! ! there is no other eds device which is so powerful that can locate almost any explosive behind concrete walls from distance of tens of meters ! ! the competition : there are many companies in the industry of sniffing explosives , some of them are public and they are companies like ison hwpr or hiet and all of them have devices which can locate explosive from 10 inches , 1 feet , 2 feet or close to that . compared to these results sn fx device is tens of times better and smaller in size and yet cheaper ! ! " snfx announced the release of sniffex version 1 . 1 , a handheld explosives detection device which the company claims can locate nitro - based explosives from a distance of 10 to 100 feet depending on the quantity of the explosive and environmental conditions . the company also stated that , to the best of their knowledge , sniffex is the first device of its kind that can operate from such distances and find exp losives behind barriers . " could this company be amongst the top deals on wallstreet this year ! ! ! yes its trading at only $ 2 . 8 now and this brand new stoc - k could be $ 10 - 20 easily in the next few months as the story unfolds ! ! do not buy this stoc - k if you want to just play it for a few days , this issue will bring best returns only for long term investors who realize the potential of the company and the fact that 2 - 3 contracts on government level could skyrocket the stoc - k price above $ 10 . snfx is in process of presenting the new device in usa and to worldwide markets and as soon as they receive some substantial orders and feedback from big institutional clients , this stoc - k will fly in the skies , as an example ison traded almost 1 billion dollars after they announced they are in process of developing some device , and snfx already has the device and it proved it works in numerous tests ! ! recent news announcement from the company : sniffex , inc . ( snfx ) ( " sniffex " ) , producers of sniffex , an explosive detection device , announced today the results of a new international marketing campaign that includes asia , australia , and the middle east . the company stated that inquires for the product has come from at least 10 countries and that discussions have already begun on distribution agreements in several of those countries . the company further stated that they have had significant direct interest from us government agencies and several foreign governments . " our progress as a new company has been steadily accelerating . the events of july 7 , 2005 in london have further increased the interest in sniffex and in our company ' s future products . we believe we are at the forefront of providing new tools for effectively fighting the international war on terror , " stated paul johnson , president of sniffex , inc . " we are saddened by the losses that occurred in london and we are hopeful that sniffex will become a critical component in saving future lives . " this stoc - k is going to be the hottest issue for the year 2005 ! ! important information : this newsletter was paid $ 22000 from third party ( ftpradical advertising ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of istorical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statemnts in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of sn fx shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . this is not solicitation to buy or sell stoc - ks , this text is for informational purpose only and you should seek professional advice from registered financial advisor before you do anything related with buying or selling stoc - ks , penny stoc - ks are very high risk and you can lose your entire investment . 
2	Subject: she is your wife in the video goodbye billion meccabask galt covenantelectra gangplank netherlandscolby regretful odiumdispensable zoroastrian papuawalcott inaccuracy pricecoagulate polytypy joustdid emphases astatineaudacity berniece dichotomyconjoint 
2	Subject: work full - time while earning your degree if you wish to remove yourself from future aiu mailings please click here to here to go to the website and select the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the page . if you wish to unsubscribe from future mailings from this email publisher please follow their listed instructions .  
2	Subject: re : global products - houston organizational announcement we have all talked and are in agreement that financial confirms / settlements are the responsibility of kim theriot . leslie is going to sent out a memo discussing the organizational changes within that group that will clearly communicate that message to all of wholesale . let me know if you have any other questions . enron north america corp . from : sally beck 27 / 09 / 2000 15 : 35 to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : global products - houston organizational announcement this memo apparently was already out on e : mail when we were meeting in my office regarding confirmations . the language regarding jeff ' s role on financial confirmations and settlements was left in the memo . it wasn ' t clear to me when we met whether scott and leslie had talked while looking at a draft of the memo or whether she had seen this on e : mail . since you said that you had not seen this memo , please follow up with scott , leslie and jeff to ensure a common understanding around financial confirmations and settlements so that can be communicated within the organization . there should not be confusion over who has responsibility for financial confirms and settlements . this memo as sent will create that confusion . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 09 / 27 / 2000 03 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - scott earnest 09 / 27 / 2000 12 : 47 pm to : anjali abraham / na / enron @ enron , robert j bonin / hou / ect @ ect , kara l boudreau / hou / ect @ ect , matt a brown / hou / ect @ ect , michelle bruce / hou / ect @ ect , barbara cain / na / enron @ enron , olga herrera / hou / ect @ ect , mark confer / hou / ect @ ect , valarie curry / na / enron @ enron , tammie davis / na / enron @ enron , mary jane denson / hou / ect @ ect , keynan dutton / na / enron @ enron , diane ellstrom / hou / ect @ ect , mark fondren / hou / ect @ ect , sue foust / hou / ect @ ect , alexia gonzales / hou / ect @ ect , eric groves / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , john hayes / corp / enron @ enron , veronica hill / na / enron @ enron , laura karl / hou / ect @ ect , nanette kettler / hou / ect @ ect , christian lebroc / corp / enron @ enron , mark j leskowitz / hou / ect @ ect , james n lessor / hou / ect @ ect , linda k loukanis / hou / ect @ ect , arlene mendieta / hou / ect @ ect , richard a miley / hou / ect @ ect , glenda d mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , mary n morris / na / enron @ enron , michelle nelson / corp / enron @ enron , frank g newman / hou / ect @ ect , frank prejean / hou / ect @ ect , marilyn m schoppe / hou / ect @ ect , michelle schultz / na / enron @ enron , james scully / hou / ect @ ect , julia sengele / hou / ect @ ect , shifali sharma / na / enron @ enron , lynn e shivers / hou / ect @ ect , shirley gail sidler / corp / enron @ enron , karen snow / hou / ect @ ect , alicia solis / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , patrick stafford / corp / enron @ enron , leah stephens / corp / enron @ enron , shelly stubbs / corp / enron @ enron , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , john swinney / hou / ect @ ect , michelle thomason / na / enron @ enron , brandi wachtendorf / hou / ect @ ect , rhonda washington / hou / ect @ ect , nicole white / corp / enron @ enron , sony wilson / hou / ect @ ect , joan winfrey / hou / ect @ ect , andrea bennett / hou / ect @ ect , shannon cobb / corp / enron @ enron , sharon copley / hou / ect @ ect , michael j gasper / hou / ect @ ect , john h harrison / hou / ect @ ect , helen m jeschke / hou / ect @ ect , george r lachner / hou / ect @ ect , kristi i louthan / hou / ect @ ect , ina norman / hou / ect @ ect , michael philips / hou / ect @ ect , kathleen salerno / hou / ect @ ect , jill siekmeier / corp / enron @ enron , angela stie / na / enron @ enron , sharon stringfellow / hou / ect @ ect , tomas tellez / hou / ect @ ect , jackie travis / hou / ect @ ect , lisa walker / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , chantelle villanueva / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , bill f briggs / hou / ect @ ect , david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , phil clifford / hou / ect @ ect , rudy dautel / hou / ect @ ect , rochelle dent / na / enron @ enron , steven m elliott / hou / ect @ ect , alan engberg / hou / ect @ ect , douglas s friedman / hou / ect @ ect , larry gagliardi / corp / enron @ enron , jim goughary / hou / ect @ ect , adam gross / hou / ect @ ect , joe king / hou / ect @ ect , melinda joyce lynn / hou / ect @ ect , patrick markey / hou / ect @ ect , lisa nemec / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , robert fuller / hou / ect @ ect , ted robinson / hou / ect @ ect , don schroeder / hou / ect @ ect , s craig story / hou / ect @ ect , claude straub / hou / ect @ ect , helen marie taylor / hou / ect @ ect , sameer vasudev / corp / enron @ enron , spencer vosko / hou / ect @ ect , vickie j weaver / hou / ect @ ect , pavel zadorozhny / hou / ect @ ect , chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , john chismar / sin / ect @ ect , joel bennett / hou / ect @ ect , simon thurbin / hou / ect @ ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , michael l brown / corp / enron @ enron , yolanda cordova - gilbert / hou / ect @ ect , marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , delores y frenzel / corp / enron @ enron , doug leach / hou / ect @ ect , perla montemayor / na / enron @ enron , victor santos / enron _ development @ enron _ development , david a terlip / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : global products - houston organizational announcement based on the recent changes in global markets , specifically global products and coal , the follow organizational changes have been implemented . michelle bruce will assume the global products business lead role . she will be responsible for ensuring that the business processes and procedures are as effective and efficient as possible . she will also be working with other groups and offices to ensure consistency of both performance measures and business standards . john swinney , lead of risk management , and lisa walker , lead of logistics coordination , will report directly to michelle . michelle thomason will continue in her current strategic planning role . in addition , she will assume the business lead role supporting new endeavors that our will group will become involved in , including the cost of funds and prepays activity . michelle will report to michelle bruce . we are pleased to announce that jeff sorenson has joined the global products management team . he will be responsible for physical confirmations as well as coordinating the financial confirmations and financial settlements for global markets . lynn shivers , documentation lead and his group , will report to jeff . mark leskowitz will continue to manage the trade accounting group for both global products and coal as well as all physical settlements for both business lines . julie sengele will help with the physical settlements and the coal trade accounting . julie will report directly to mark . michelle bruce , jeff sorsenson and mark leskowitz will report directly to me . simon thurbin has joined us from the london office on a temporary assignment working with michelle bruce to define consistent business processes , practices and procedures . as a result of this global effort , we will work to ensure consistency and continuity between the houston and london offices . joel bennett has joined us from the london office . he will be working on changing the global risk book process , which is being transitioned to houston . shelly stubbs will be going to london on a temporary assignment to work with cindy horn focusing on processes on procedures , specifically controls . please join me in supporting all of these people in their new roles and additional responsibilities . regards , scott 
2	Subject: fyi : sycamore support on network planning fyi : note that the person mentioned in the text below ( ming lung lee ) is very experienced in traditional traffic engineering work . he comes from mci where he was responsible for modeling traffic etc . it appears that sycamore finally got him . one time they had lost him to corvis ( another optical equipment company ) , i guess sycamore went back to him with a better deal ! as soon as this guy is available , i ' ll set up an all day technical meeting to hash out what needs to be done as far as optimization algorithm development is concerned . i want to produce a technical requirement document to clearly outline what needs to be done to support dynamic , optical - switched - circuits based trading and streaming media applications , etc . having such an industry expert help us will help ' justify ' internally all the the effort on the traffic analysis side that john griebling has asked us to support . keep in mind that even though he is an expert in the field , the field that we need to play in has not develop yet . even the emerging data based traffic ( as opposed to voice where blocking of traffic is allowed ) analysis is an order of magnitude more difficult ( due to uncertain load ) , let alone trading such load ( which we are planning to do ! ) . ravi . . . . sycamore hired a guy per griebling ' s request , to work with you on the design / planning piece of the business . he will be contracted out to enron for a period of 6 months initially . he lives in sf but will be traveling to whereever you need him . jim , griebling wanted us to set up a meeting between you guys for wednesday morning , if you have time . his name is ming lung lee and he comes to us from mci . let me know what works . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 07 / 00 11 : 09 am - - - - - kristin . bethurem @ sycamorenet . com 03 / 07 / 00 09 : 44 am to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin . bethurem @ sycamorenet . com cc : jim irvine / enron communications @ enron communications , barb . vanbeyerer @ sycamorenet . com , brett . leida @ sycamorenet . com subject : re : pooling point profiles hi ravi . fair enough , we will make sure we keep you guys in the loop . let barb / me know which items we can offload to you guys . first thing to be done is barb will schedule a call between us and you all to gain a better understanding of a number we are trying to back into with the metro solutions ( there are alot of options on our side and we need some guidelines ) . i already talked to john about this this morning so we need to make some headway on that number . also , we are scheduled for a conference call wednesday morning with griebling to discuss where we are at with initial solutions for metro . would you like to join us ? thursday night , we have a dinner tentatively planned ( talk with griebling about who , where , etc . ) . friday we will be meeting all day at the omni in interlocken . ravi and jim , per my conversations with john , he is going to run point on the metro solutions . dorn is swamped with other activities . as for the switching piece , we discussed our routing software on monday and i think that is all we are going to do until ahi is done then we will set up a meeting between our guys and the ahi folks . the expectation is that this meeting will occur in the next 30 days . also , sycamore hired a guy per griebling ' s request , to work with you on the design / planning piece of the business . he will be contracted out to enron for a period of 6 months initially . he lives in sf but will be traveling to whereever you need him . jim , griebling wanted us to set up a meeting between you guys for wednesday morning , if you have time . his name is ming lung lee and he comes to us from mci . let me know what works . the best ways to reach me are my cell phone or text pager . cell is 303 - 619 - 2485 and pager is 888 - 467 - 6167 - - you can send me a text message from either your pager ( if you have a 2 way ) or press 3 to get an operator . thanks , kristin - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net [ mailto : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net ] sent : monday , march 06 , 2000 9 : 52 am to : kristin . bethurem @ sycamorenet . com cc : jim _ irvine @ enron . net ; barb . vanbeyerer @ sycamorenet . com ; brett . leida @ sycamorenet . com subject : re : pooling point profiles hi kristin , jim and i will be in broomfield , co from tueday late ~ 10 am until friday end of day . we would appriciate being in the loop of any discussion that you may have with john and dorn ( provided that they can be shared with us ) . both john and dorn are very busy and you can help alleviate some of the congestion by send information directly to jim barb . vanbeyerer @ sycamorenet . com subject : pooling point profiles kristin attached is the sanitized file promised . what is the status on next weeks meeting and more specifically , what is the location ? jim - - - - - forwarded by jim irvine / enron communications on 03 / 03 / 00 03 : 40 pm - - - - - | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | andre bourque | | | | | | 03 / 03 / 00 | | | 01 : 27 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | | to : jim irvine / enron communications @ enron communications | | cc : | | subject : pooling point profiles | | jim : as part of your vendor negotiation requirements . andre f . bourque enron broadband services - - - - - forwarded by andre bourque / enron communications on 03 / 03 / 00 01 : 28 pm - - - - - | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | andre bourque | | | | | | 03 / 02 / 00 | | | 05 : 42 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | | to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications | | cc : rob kolosvary / enron communications @ enron communications , | | lisa rosenberg / enron communications @ enron communications , andre | | bourque / enron communications @ enron communications , john | | griebling / enron communications @ enron communications , laura | | beneville / enron communications @ enron communications | | subject : pooling point profiles | | ravi : as per your request , the attached profiles have been sanitized of their sources . regards , andre f . bourque enron broadband services ( see attached file : pooling point profiles . xls ) 
2	Subject: achieve stronger and harder erections no pills , no pumps - its the patch http : / / www . asdokm . com / ss / science is nothing but perception . the more things change , the more they remain . . . insane . somewhere , something incredible is waiting to be known . ladies and gentlemen , we got him ! ( said after capture of saddam ) the only queer people are those who don ' t love anybody . 
2	Subject: jake ? - tech . gif - 3 - 21 - 00 8 ' 57 ' 27 pm . jpg - 3 - 21 - 00 8 ' 53 ' 26 pm . jpg - 3 - 21 - 00 8 ' 55 ' 03 pm . exe 
2	Subject: wti - new eol product ted , enclosed is a corrected version of the historical simulation of wti trading . the earlier results were double counting the spread profit on trades closed intra - day . the spread was counted on each trade rather than per round - trip transaction , so the new results show lower profitability . - - stinson 
2	Subject: clalis refill is ready for pickup i want to let you see this ci . alis softtabs get ready for romance in just 15 minutes increase your se , x drive boost s ' exual performance fuller and harder erectio - ns increase stamina and endurance quicker recharges new super via - gra ( 100 x better ) discreet online orde . ring and shipping dhl express delivery special ends soon . . . order here - http : / / hfcr . liverymen . com / cs / ? unxx have a good day melani porter  
2	Subject: carnegie mellon candidates kristin : we are sending the interview request form information to molly magee to bring the following two candidates in for interviews : frank ( feng ) qian punit rawal we have no further interest in the following two candidates . do you handle contacting them ? heap - ho tan kyubaek heo thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: ( tigow ) portable computer sell - out due to misordering by our client ( utaby ) e 65 cftp 9 kv 4 toclcuytmuceuro 499 for a leading brand new laptop , all costs ( transport and vat ) included . offer only valid within the european union and as long as stock lasts - see below . you must respond earliest possible . through a special arrangement , avtech direct are offering a limited allotment of brand new , top of - the - line , name - brand laptop computers at 50 % off recommended retail price . the computers were bought by our multinational client who unfortunately for them and fortunately for you ordered these computers surplus to requirement . all laptop computers are brand - new packed in their original boxes , and come with a full manufacturer ' s warranty plus a 100 % satisfaction guarantee . they were made to order by acer , a leading computer manufacturer and carry manufacturers warranty ( 1 year ) these professional grade laptop are fully equipped with 2004 next generation technology , making these the best performing computers money can buy . avtech direct is offering these feature rich , top performing laptops with the latest intel technology at an amazing price of only 499 euros . only faxed in orders will be accepted , and go in strict order of receipt . the fast and powerful at - 2400 series laptop features : intel 2 . 2 ghz processor for amazing speed and performancel 28 mb ddr ram , upgradeable to 102420 gb udma hard drive , upgradeable to 80 gb 52 x cd - rom drive , upgradeable to dvd / cdrwl . 44 floppy disk drivenext generation technologyati premium video and soundfull connectivity with fax modem / lan / iee 1394 / usb 2 . 0 soft touch keyboard and scroll mouseinternet and network readywindows xp home editionl year parts and labor warranty with priority customer service and tech supporthow to qualify : you must fax in earliest possible to our order hotline 00 44 870 134 3520 all laptop computers will be available on a first come first serve basis . any upgrade must be done by you since we sell as isif your card details are erroneous , that is your risk , not ours . you can only order one computer per credit card , and shipments are only to the address your credit card company has . you are not obligated in any way . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed . if you do not hear from us confirming the order it means that unfortunately we have already sold out . fax order form for one laptop computer as per the above specifications : keyboard : english ( uk ) / german / french / spanish / english ( us ) - please specifyplease write legibly and in capital letters ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we only charge upon shipment , which is when we advise you immediately . your name on the card : full address : postal code : credit card company : telephone and / or fax number : email : card number : valid till : 3 number security code at the back of the card : signature : 53 avvxkeuojzcp 2 cznxdt 
2	Subject: enpower just a heads - up - a long - winded email , but please see highlighted paragraphs . i find it hard to believe the scenario portrayed here , but stranger things have happened - will keep you posted . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by fernley dyson / lon / ect on 29 / 11 / 2000 08 : 44 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james new 28 / 11 / 2000 13 : 42 to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , coralie evans / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect subject : status update on the issues surrounding continental power volatilities and correlations as you know for some time we have been trying to get the continental power traders to increase the volatilities they use for valuing their option portfolio and for use in calculating their var as it has been obvious that the market has become more volatile but this was not being reflected in their mark . in looking at the impacts of this , various other issues came to light . firstly it raised issues over the correlation matrix used in the var model as this was way out of date . we have worked with jitendra and have now put in a matrix that both the traders , risk and rac are happy with . secondly , as you may be aware , in portcalc swaptions currently use the volatility input on the deal ticket and not off any volatility curve . the current portfolio is 90 % swaptions and so this represents a serious issue for us in that it is not practical to manually change all the volatilities at the deal ticket level every time the implied voaltilities change . we cannot use the option functionality as this only values hourly or daily exercise options and not fixed expiry swaptions or options . we also have not found any way in portcalc of valuing asian options so we are having to ' force ' in the few we have . we have had the houston based portcalc it team work on a ' new ' piece of swaption valuation code but currently it contains a number of worrying bugs . these are primarily that the proposed code does not take the correct underlying forward price and uses the volatility of ( approximating ) the last day of the underlying rather than the implied volatility of the underlying . they are currently being hampered in that they do not have any it personnel who have sufficient option knowledge ( i understand that the two most experienced coders resigned to go to another houston based energy company ) . this is extremely worrying and i find it hard to believe that the whole of enron ' s power business is having to use the methodology of inputting the volatility at the deal ticket level . this will almost certainly mean that different volatilities are being used in the var as are being used to value the swaption portfolio globally . as well as these issues we have concerns over the use and accuracy of the smile adjustment in portcalc ( worryingly it does not seem that you can ' switch ' this off ) . briefly it seems that portcalc calculates the delta used to adjust the volatility by comparing the strike price to the forward price of the last day of the underlying rather than the forward price of the underlying itself . we have engaged london based it and are looking at the code we have used in power 99 to se if there is a way we can get something done quickly to start to value all option products off a curve and to be able to book asian options . once we get the above resolved we still have no way or extracting the vega or gamma risk from portcalc in it ' s current state as the information is just no there ( so we are told by it ) . the system ' seems ' ( we cannot be 100 % sure given all the other errors ) to produce a vega and gamma p & l number but what the risk is remains a mystery . again this is very worrying in that we have power option traders all over the world who can ' t get their underlying vega or gamma risk position from the global valuation system . we are trying to work on something manual to draw a line in the sand but i would really like to know how the american based traders cope as they have this problem ( knowingly or not ) for years . what sign offs were gained for the implementation of enpower because it seems to us that using the current system it is not possible to comply with the global risk policy . how do we validate the inputs to the valuation if we do not know the risk ? despite the above we have now persuaded the traders to save out newer higher volatilities a week ago and you should have seen a large move up in their var . however , as it stands at the moment they are notable to save out a daily remark as jitendra is saying that he is not happy with their ' model ' / vol curve generator ( i have today asked for a full explanation , details of any testing etc etc and time lines so we can move to getting over this hurdle ) . the swaptions have also not yet had the ticket volatility changed but the impacts are expected to be positive as we are long volatility . i would appreciate your comments on the above as it seems that we are pushing the boundaries here on areas which we really expect to have already been covered in houston some time ago and could do with some help . we are having to use a system which seems to us to have numerous bugs and short comings and are having to spend an enormous amount of it time overcoming the inadequacies of enpower wich i do not think most people are aware of . consequently we have not been able to deliver all the improvements we were required to do in gaining the increased limits so 3 months ago but i would hope you agree that it is not for a lack of trying . sorry it ' s so long but if there are any questions or any perceived inaccuracies in any of the above then please let me know . james 
2	Subject: re : it commercial coordination budget we ' re on it based on tommy ' s last email . thanks , brian brian redmond office : 713 - 853 - 1839 fax : 713 - 646 - 3234 
2	Subject: benzene forward curve & hedge calculator new market we are trying to develop in benzene swaps - possibly hedging with financial naphtha and physical toluene . rgds , anjam - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 14 / 03 / 2000 10 : 35 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anjam ahmad 14 / 03 / 2000 10 : 34 to : robert brewis / lon / ect @ ect , stuart bland / lon / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , hrvoje paver / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tracy wallace / lon / ect @ ect subject : benzene forward curve & hedge calculator dear all , attached is the spreadsheet " benzenecurves . xls " ( also available in s : \ research \ globalproducts ) that will hopefully allow you to derive a mid - curve for benzene based upon our existing naphtha curve produced by tracy . the previous hedge ratio analysis is still part of the new spreadsheet . for clarity a graph of the curve based on 1996 through 2000 data is depicted below : i can also provide confidence bands on the regression model , if this can assist in deciding the bid - offer spread for the forward curve , but this is slightly more involved - let me know you ' d like this . regards , anjam x 35383 attachment : 
2	Subject: enron / hpl noms . for 9 / 26 / 00 attached , please find our nom . for tues . , 9 / 26 / 00 . ( see attached file : hplo 926 . xls ) - hplo 926 . xls 
2	Subject: weekly status update for gtv please see below for the weekly status update of the gtv ii project and the attached file for the updated project timeline . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , jeremy wong , geoff storey , karima husain , jay krish , mike swaim , nayan dattani , george grant , dave nommensen , bill fortney , chuck ames . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed . o expandable total in cash position has been completed . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o phase 1 of single point of deal entry for term deals is in user test . ? gas daily deals : o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms are in user test . o the development for the curve shift reports has been completed . o change cpr portcalc to value outer month positions is in test . ? saving different views in tds : o completed and is currently in test . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . plans for the week ending 6 / 22 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o optimize the position manager ' s performance . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o new process for roll - up aggregator on an ad hoc basis . o change portcalc to value spread options . o option reports ( pl reports ) . issues / open items : none notes ? the testing of phase 1 single point of deal entry for term deals uncovered a couple of existing issues with sitara trade blotter . ? a couple of issues need to be looked at regarding portcalc and the curve shift report for gas daily options . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: lowest mortgage loan rates vkp commentary it is time to refinance ! your credit does not matter , we can approve anyone . now is the time to let some of the top mortgage companies in the country compete for your business . if you have good credit we will give you the most amazing rates available anywhere ! if you have poor credit , don ' t worry ! we can still refinance you with the most competitive rates in the industry ! let us put our expertise to work for you ! http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / 74205 / or site 2 http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / 74206 / erase http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / optout . htm 
2	Subject: unlimited cash bonuses ! from mo marketing on each and every allianz life annuity product ! bonusdex ( 9 % comm ) $ 75 bonus + $ 50 extra bonus  $ 125 bonus ! flexdex bonus * ( 9 % comm ) $ 75 bonus + $ 50 extra bonus  $ 125 bonus ! power 7 ( 6 % comm ) $ 75 bonus + $ 50 extra bonus  $ 125 bonus ! powerhouse ( 9 % comm ) $ 75 bonus + $ 50 extra bonus  $ 125 bonus ! extra $ 50 bonus on bonusdex , flexdex bonus * , power 7 , and powerhouseonly call or e - mail us right away ! offer expires july 31 , 2002 ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : offer expires july 31 , 2002 . no limit to how much extra cash you can earn . offer subject to change without notice . products not available in all states . * issued as the flexdex annuity in ct . bonuses issued from mo marketing on paid , issued business . bonusdex annuity is not available in : ma , or , pa , wa and wi . power 7 is not available in : al , in , me , nj , or , pa and wa . powerhouse is not available in : nd , or , sc and wa . flexdex is not available in : nd , or , sc and wa . for agent use only . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: award notification ! ! ! ! from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear winner , results for category " a " draws congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the first category draws of combiplay loteery international nl . we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the first category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws were held on 30 th june 2004 and results are being officially announced today . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 500 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of our international promotions program . you / your company , attached to ticket number 6422 - 5 - 486 , that drew the lucky numbers 33 - 92 - 78 - 05 ( 18 ) and consequently won in the first category . you have been awarded a lump sum pay out of 735 , 000 . 00 euros ( seven hundred and thirty - five thousand euros ) , which is the winning payout for category a winners . this is from the total prize money of 1 , 470 , 000 . 00 euros shared among the 2 international winners in this category . congratulations ! ! ! ! your fund is now deposited with our transfer agents : combiplay security agent / finance and insured to the real value . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulousacts by participants / non participants of this program . please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice : mr . roy . s . ewards , foreign operation manager , combiplay agency , de boer straat 100 zx , amsterdam netherland . foreign service number : + 31616142394 fax : + 31847300347 or + 31847300348 email : combiplayag @ netscape . net you are advised to contact our agents by email and / or fax immeditately of receiving this notice . failure to do so may warrant disqualification . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers . remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondences with your claims agent . reference number : lsluk / 2031 / 8161 / 04 batch number : r 3 / a 312 - 59 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , the lottery coordinator , combiplay lottery international . n . b : any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent immediately . get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject: re : potential volume list for march , 2000 fyi . . . this well should come on the lst week of march , but does have gas daily mid month pricing for the first month . thanks . susan smith 02 / 22 / 2000 01 : 44 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect subject : potential volume list for march , 2000 darren : this is potential new volume for march , 2000 : counterparty meter volume mid month gas daily ? cico oil & gas co . tba 2117 mmbtu per day yes this number is not in vance ' s production estimate . this well is anticipated to come on the first week of march but earlier is possible . please let me know if you need any additional information . susan smith x 33321 
2	Subject: don ' t know how much you can sa . ve in our eshoppe . it is superior . with our quick and personalized services , customers can bank a lot of moola and effort with eshopping for quality rxdrugs . we discounted over 600 meds including pain relief , sexual health , women ' s health , sleeping aids and other categories . all orders are fully tracked from our warehouse to your doorstep . so be assured you received it quickly and on time . cure your discomforts by ordering remedies at our cybershop and we ' cure ' your wallet as well . check our quick and timely case detail review . gratis of charge http : / / tqh . 5 y . gainwonderpower . com / 26 a / search our site and flnd the bestddeals for you novv ! to damp the perfection of her felicity . it could not be very lasting , to think the l oves and gr aces took captain harville , though not equalling captain wentworth in manners , such airy forms in 1 its homely pro 52 cession . ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ well , we came to the old 
2	Subject: enron americas commercial mds and vps hi louise , attached is the spreadsheet that summarizes enron americas commercial mds and vps employment agreement and compensation data . the spreadsheet is password protected with your password . i will also send you , by end of day , the book that will again included the summary information and all of it ' s backup , as previously provided in the past . if there are any questions , please give sheila knudsen or myself a call . thanks , tarsie ews compensation ext . 57476 
2	Subject: peaker update louise , at your earliest convenience , i need to update you on both cinergy and allegheny . please let me know when you have a free moment to talk . thanks , don 3 - 0492 
2	Subject: re : paula corey ' s birthday richard , thanks for the invitation . i have already made another commitment but it ' s conditional on a few related events ( friends of friends coming to town ) . if the other event is canceled , i shall be glad to join you . i shall let you know in a few days . vince richard weeks @ enron communications 01 / 16 / 2001 02 : 20 pm to : alaina . metz @ marchfirst . com , anthony mends / enron communications @ enron communications , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , elisabeth mends / enron communications @ enron communications , karla feldman / enron communications @ enron communications , marie thibaut / enron communications @ enron communications , renee smith / enron communications @ enron communications , tom sinclair / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : paula corey ' s birthday you only thought the festive days were over what a better way to start off the new year than to celebrate our good friend paula corey  , s birthday we will have a little soiree at my house on saturday january 27 th , dinner will be served at 7 : 00 , please feel free to come out as early as you wish ; however if you arrive too early you may be requested to perform some ranch chores . please feel free to bring a spouse or friend if you choose . if you could rsvp by jan 23 rd that would be great . directions to my house are as follows : take i 45 north past the woodlands towards conroe take exit 83 crighton road exit stay on feeder road through stop sign until you get to traffic light ( crighton road ) turn right onto crighton road cross railroad tracks go to 3 rd street , about 1 miles , and turn right , which is the only way you can turn . this is kidd road ; however most of the time the street sign is knocked down . stay on kidd road until it dead ends at stidham and turn left . go to first street ( finnley ) and turn left . go about 1 mile and finnley will dead end . turn left onto deer trail and i will be the first house on the right the address is 13710 deer trail and my house is about 1 / 10 mile off the road . my home number is 936 273 3466 thanks richard weeks richard weeks enron broadband services purchasing processing manager office : 713 - 853 - 6995 cell : 713 - 516 - 2581 email : richard _ weeks @ enron . net 
2	Subject: q 4 earnings louise , my expected value contribution for q 4 is $ 2 . 5 million . this is east gas mid - market and origination combined . this is per your request during our last meeting . frank 
2	Subject: does this check belong to you bait - excelled @ em . ca + + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + + bait - excelled @ em . ca , we regret to inform you that you will not qualify for the check for $ 1000 . 00 or more , until you confirm your information below : name : bait - excelled @ em . ca email address : bait - excelled @ em . ca all you need to do is click the button below to get started : if you can respond quick enough , you may be in a position to qualify to receive a check by the end of the day or even within the next few minutes ! + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from yourtimetolaugh . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from yourtimetolaugh . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: re : coastal oil & gas corporation melissa , deal ticket # 325550 has been created and entered in sitara . bob enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 34 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx bob , per george ' s note below , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producer listed below for the production month of july . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price coastal oil & gas corporation 4179 , albrecht # 4 well 7 / 7 / 00 - 1 , 500 mmbtu / d 7 / 8 / 00 - 3 , 000 mmbtu / d 7 / 9 / 00 thru 7 / 31 / 00 - 4 , 000 mmbtu / d 93 % if / hsc additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 11 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , based on the attached contract preparation request for a spot gtc for the coastal oil the legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and consent to assign document to reflect this transaction . the spot gtc requested herein will cover gas from the albrecht # 4 well only . the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc . shawna , please prepare the termination letter for 96008903 as requested . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - debbie boudar @ enron 07 / 06 / 2000 03 : 25 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx in regards to meter 098 - 4179 the following information is what i have been able to determine from the information available to me . to your questions : 1 . cannot determine who owns this meter . i will contact molly carriere on monday when she returns . 2 . hpl has a fifty ( 50 ) ft . easement at this location which does contain language for appurtenance rights within the 50 ' . 3 . i pulled the meter file for this location which was prepared during project rock and it does not contain a facility agreement so i am assuming one was not located . hope this helps . from : george weissman @ ect 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : debbie boudar / na / enron @ enron cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx debbie , meter 098 - 4179 is located at sta . plus 40 + 85 on align . dwg . hc - 1130 - 18 - h in goliad co . , tx . in connection with the facility agreement request below , we need to know the following : 1 . who owns the meter , hplc or the operator ? 2 . do we own an easement and an access right of way to the meter station ? 3 . is there , to your knowledge , a facility agreement in place covering this meter ? we cannot locate such an agreement in our records . thanks . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 37 am to : shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx shawna , attached is a contract preparation request for a facilities agreement for the coastal oil the legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and consent to assign document to reflect this transaction . we have been unable to locate an existing facility agreement for the 3 previously drilled wells and suspect that no such agreement exists . the facility agreement requested herein is intended to cover only alterations to be made to existing meter 098 - 4179 to install an h 2 s monitor and necessary valving to allow hplc to accept gas from the newly drilled albrecht # 4 well . once the h 2 s monitor has been installed and the albrecht # 4 well is ready to flow , we intend to paper the purchase of gas from the albrecht # 4 well only via a spot confirmation pursuant to a spot gtc . the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc . coastal will reimburse hplc $ 39 , 600 for the cost of the installation . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 04 / 2000 01 : 28 pm to : lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect , donnie mccabe / gco / enron @ enron , mark walch / gco / enron @ enron , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx lal , we intend to attempt to connect about 4 , 000 mmbtu / d of new production from the newly drilled coastal oil in may , 2000 , the meter flowed about 960 mmbtu / d of 3 . 36 % co 2 gas . the content of the albrecht # 4 gas according to the field gas analysis prepared by coastal oil the albrecht # 4 h 2 s content is similar to that of the three wells currently producing 960 mmbtu / d behind meter 098 - 4179 , the miller - albrecht unit # 1 - a and the hoff heller gas unit # 1 a & # 2 d . coastal further purports that for some time now it ( and / or its predecessor , mjg , corp . ) has treated these three wells for h 2 s in a manner sufficient to reduce the h 2 s content delivered into hplc to permissible levels . coastal has further indicated that it intends to reduce the h 2 s content of the albrecht # 4 to permissible levels before delivering same to hplc . in your opinion , should coastal be forced to install an h 2 s monitor for this new gas prior to flowing same to hplc ? george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 04 / 2000 12 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christy sweeney 06 / 29 / 2000 04 : 56 pm to : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , joanne wagstaff / na / enron @ enron , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect subject : transport request for coastal albrecht # 4 , goliad county , tx lisa , attached is our physical well connect form , including a transportation quote sheet , for the coastal albrecht # 4 well in goliad county , tx . please provide us with a transport quote . i have attached below a quote you gave us in april 2000 . the volume is now 5 , 000 / day . i am headed that way with a map that shows the well ' s location in relation to us , tejas , koch , and tetco . please note 2 % fuel . thank you ! ! ! christy 39050 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christy sweeney / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : lisa hesse 04 / 07 / 2000 10 : 48 am to : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect subject : mjg , inc . meter 4179 and cokinos meter 9676 brian , here are the transport rates for the below meters : mjg meter 4179 3 . 39 % co 2 1 year quote april 00 rel : 1180 avg . 1200 - 1988 . 014 loc . . 05 p / l density . 02 quality . 049 market adjustment . 05 _ _ _ _ . . 183 less discount and market fee . 02 _ _ _ _ . 16 please call if you have any questions or comments . lisa 3 5901 
2	Subject: read the greatest story on the universe dear explorer : ever wonder about the story of noah ' s ark ? was it really true ? what did the ancients mean when they recorded that he sailed across the cosmic sea through a black hole ? well , the authors of the ark of millions of years discovered knowledge about this event that have been lost for over six thousand years . their new book has rocketed to the best seller ' s list in less than 90 days , because they tell the most stunning story ever heard . we want you to buy the book today . visit www . . com and buy a hard or soft cover at a great 15 % discount . when you do , we ' ll give you some great bonuses . our affiliates have the coolest ancient art for your office or your study . papyrus , castings of ancient carvings , and egyptian statues can all be yours at fantastic discounts if you ' ll just buy the book today . you can look like a great ancient art collector for pennies and read the greatest story on the universe without paying a dime in sales tax . come on . don ' t pass up this chance to own the book everyone is talking about . listen to brooks a . agnew ' s phenomenal march 2 nd interview on coast to coast am with george noory , www . coasttocoastam . com you will never look at the stars , your scriptures , or yourself the same again . we believe everything you do will eventually affect the universe . let ' s do it on purpose . thanks for listening , dr . b . alexander agnew , phd 4378 katie reep ln . vale , nc 28168 ph : 704 . 276 . 2012 
2	Subject: day 1 list additions part 2 this is the list which was sent out on saturday , updated to show full legal name in all cases along with the old enron cpid . since saturday , i have also removed a couple of the names which did relatively little business and could be processed as 2 nd priority customers . dave 
2	Subject: re : visit to enron fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 05 / 19 / 2000 11 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick bambos on 05 / 19 / 2000 11 : 33 : 29 am to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com cc : subject : re : visit to enron stinson , > 1 . will you be able to arrive in houston by , say , 6 p . m . on thursday so > that we can schedule a dinner meeting that evening ? i ' m arriving at the george bush airport in houston next thursday at 5 : 15 pm . i could then take a taxi to the hotel or the restaurant . how long would it take me to get there ? is there a " rush hour " problem at that time ? > also , if you are > returning on friday , what time is your flight ? i don ' t want to book > meetings too late in the afternoon for you , if you will need to leave for > the airport . i ' m flying out of houston on friday at 6 : 45 pm . is there a rush hour problem on the freeways at that time ? what time should i leave from enron to be at the airport at 6 pm ? > 2 . would you be amenable to giving a 45 minute presentation on friday ? > this would be an effective way of introducing you to many more people in > ebs , including many of the traders . the topic could be of your choice and > could be related to networks or the future of the internet . i hope i ' ll have opportunities to give talks at enron in subsequent visits along the research path . in this first visit i was hoping to understand better the research goals of enron and brainstorm with people about what are the top challenges and opportunities for our research collaboration . identifying the best research problems in terms of 1 ) highest innovation potential and 2 ) highest projected impact would be at the top of my list . it might be unprofessional on my side to talk to an audience that i don ' t have any prior information about and is very diverse anyway ; it could actually be " dangerous . " i would feel much more comfortable to do that in my second visit , after i have understood the environment better and i have some results to talk about . i would like to be in a position to " impress " people when i give my first talk at enron . ( besides , i will have to prepare good slides for such a talk and i am totally swamped all next week . ) > 3 . do you have time to draft a short letter of understanding that vince > could use to document the support being given to you and the uses which > would be made of our contribution to your research effort ? i ' m swamped , but i ' ll try to put something together . i look forward to seeing you next week . nick 
2	Subject: exxonmobil beaumont refinery fuel needs fyi - you will need to enter this into sitara - remember , first 10 , 000 / d is eog transport . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 03 / 27 / 2000 10 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " brian e nichols " on 03 / 24 / 2000 02 : 20 : 27 pm to : lpapayo @ ect . enron . com cc : ( bcc : lee l papayoti / hou / ect ) subject : exxonmobil beaumont refinery fuel needs lee , i did my fuel gas estimate and think that we will need 120 - 125 bbtu / day of fuel gas for the month of april . on a side note , we will bring down our gas turbine generator on sunday morning . this will bring our high pressure gas requirements down to essentially zero ( it will be zero if our hydrogen plant stays down ) and the demand will transfer to our low pressure gas . we will be in this arrangement for approximately 20 days . brian 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020318 . txt 
2	Subject: attn { winning notification } the national lottery p o box 1010 liverpool , l 70 lnl united kingdom ( customer services ) ref : uk / 9420 x 2 / 68 batch : 074 / 05 / zy 369 winning notification : we happily announce to you the draw ( # 928 ) of the uk national lottery , online sweepstakes international program held on sat 13 th of nov , 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 56475600545 188 with serial number 5368 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : 04 - 10 - 12 - 13 - 14 - 22 ( bonus no . 21 ) , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category i . e match 5 plus bonus . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of £ 55 , 504 ( fifty five thousand five hundred and four pounds sterling ) in cash credited to file ktu / 9023118308 / 03 . this is from a total cash prize of £ 1 , 609 , 616 , shared amongst the ( 29 ) lucky winners in this category i . e match 5 plus bonus . all participants for the online version were selected randomly from world wide web sites through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 unions , associations , and corporate bodies that are listed online . this promotion takes place weekly . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in your play coupon . in view of this , your £ 55 , 504 ( fifty five thousand five hundred and four pounds sterling ) would be released to you by any of our payment offices in europe . our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact him . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mr paul smith you can go to our online result site to confirm the value of your winnings and also get a prize breakdown : - goodluck from me and members of staff of the uk national lottery . yours faithfully , richard k . lloyd . online coordinator for uk national lottery sweepstakes international program diese nachricht wurde vom crm - system der firma 2 nd - level versandt . - http : / / 2 nd - level . com 
2	Subject: re : [ 879 ] ladybug regain your confidence with the best generic viagra from a licensed manufacturer it is only one click away   
2	Subject: re : eol wti historical trade simulation stinson , thanks a lot for so much work you have done for the simulation model . it seems that our work will make an impact on eol trading , that is very exciting . could you e - mail me the spreadsheet model so that i can catch up with the changes you have made ? i read a few books during this vocation . especially a stochastic processes book , i finished the entire book . the queueing theory is very fascinating , and hopefully we can apply the theory to a real ebs project . i will take my family out to see the nature bridge caverns near san antonio tomorrow . see you on tuesday . happy new year ! zimin stinson gibner 12 / 27 / 2000 08 : 09 pm to : greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect subject : eol wti historical trade simulation greg , here are results corrected for spread profit per round - trip transaction . prior results incorrectly counted a spread profit per trade . stinson 
2	Subject: eol and enpower data for september 25 th eol deals from : 9 / 1 / 2001 to : 9 / 25 / 2001 ` enpower from : 9 / 1 / 2001 to : 9 / 25 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 454 9 , 063 , 725 epmi long term california 94 4 , 174 , 205 epmi long term northwest 341 5 , 336 , 600 epmi long term northwest 379 13 , 786 , 965 epmi long term southwest 415 6 , 567 , 155 epmi long term southwest 244 17 , 790 , 410 epmi short term california 2 , 064 1 , 615 , 584 epmi short term california 590 1 , 457 , 757 epmi short term northwest 1 , 101 762 , 000 epmi short term northwest 530 516 , 553 epmi short term southwest 1 , 621 1 , 249 , 600 epmi short term southwest 796 2 , 223 , 498 real time 1 , 046 26 , 225 real time 597 66 , 425 grand total 7 , 042 24 , 620 , 889 grand total 3 , 230 40 , 015 , 813 eol deals from : 9 / 25 / 2001 to : 9 / 25 / 2001 enpower from : 9 / 25 / 2001 to : 9 / 25 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 28 610 , 000 epmi long term california 3 76 , 600 epmi long term northwest 26 348 , 200 epmi long term northwest 18 824 , 083 epmi long term southwest 21 309 , 075 epmi long term southwest 25 3 , 156 , 890 epmi short term california 142 242 , 872 epmi short term california 21 66 , 355 epmi short term northwest 102 43 , 600 epmi short term northwest 40 49 , 002 epmi short term southwest 83 34 , 600 epmi short term southwest 38 48 , 976 real time 139 3 , 475 real time 41 4 , 912 grand total 541 1 , 591 , 822 grand total 186 4 , 226 , 818 ice volumes from : 9 / 25 / 2001 to : 9 / 25 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price mid c ( op , next day ) 1 , 000 0 $ 16 . 65 mid c ( p , next day ) 3 , 600 400 $ 19 . 44 mid c ( op , oct - 01 ) 7 , 825 0 $ 20 . 00 mid c ( p , oct - 01 ) 75 , 600 0 $ 25 . 00 mid c ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 37 . 00 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 1 , 200 400 $ 23 . 42 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 400 200 $ 17 . 63 np - 15 ( p , oct - 01 ) 10 , 800 0 $ 26 . 00 np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 50 , 000 $ 31 . 25 np - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 37 . 90 palo ( p , next day ) 5 , 200 0 $ 26 . 29 palo ( p , next week ) 2 , 400 0 $ 27 . 00 palo ( p , oct - 01 ) 86 , 400 0 $ 26 . 34 palo ( p , nov - 01 ) 70 , 000 10 , 000 $ 26 . 04 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 31 . 50 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 30 . 50 palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 51 . 25 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 400 200 $ 17 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 4 , 000 400 $ 24 . 13 sp - 15 ( p , oct - 01 ) 43 , 200 0 $ 25 . 55 sp - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 30 , 000 10 , 000 $ 28 . 25 sp - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 32 . 75 sp - 15 ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 46 . 50 grand total 504 , 825 71 , 600 $ 647 . 39 
2	Subject: search for the best and cheapest pharmacy online reviving the sex lives or millions one does not learn how to die by killing others . no man is demolished but by himself . many admire , few know . this is the last of earth ! i am content . 
2	Subject: please read and get back to me ! ! ! from mrs . janet omaha # 102 nelson mamdela ave , sandton , johannesburg republic of south africa phone : + 27 - 73 - 844 - 7562 . email : janetomaha _ 4 @ yahoo . com private and confidential dear sir , before i start , i must first apologize for this unsolicited mail to you . i am aware that this is certainly an unconventional approach to establishing a relationship , but you will realize the need for my action . please , i will like to know your interest on this transaction . actually , your contact was via s . a . i . i . e . b . ( south african international internet exchange bureau ) here in johannesburg chamber of commerce and industry , while i was searching for a reputable confidential and honest person to do this business together . full understanding i am mrs janet omaha the wife of late mr sipho omaha from zimbabwe . my husband was among the rich black farmers murdered in cold blood in zimbabwe by war veterans of president robert mugabe . however , the number of farmers killed in zimbabwe over the new land act introduced by president do not give any concern . my main aim of contacting you is to assist me in transfering the sum of $ 12 , 000 , 000 ( twelve million us dollars ) into your nominated oversea account , this money was given to my husband by president mugabe when they were still in good terms for investement purposes . my husband deposited this money in a security company in johannesburg here in south africa as if he foresaw the looming blow of his death . my late husband deposited the said funds as family treasure in order to aviod seizure since south africa , have almost the same land laws with zimbabwe presently . i am residing in south africa with my son as asylum seekers , based on our present status we are deprived of some financial rights of banking activities . moreover , this money is the only thing my late husband left for us as such the entire life of my family depends on this money coupled with the responsibilities rested on me , i will be willing to go into partnership on any lucrative business you will suggest in your country . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 35 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me , and while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of transferring this fund . finally , please kindly furnish me with any of your private phone and fax numbers for more information and the immediate step to be followed and also further information about yourself is necessary for i can not play on this . you can as well read more about the crises in my country and about this situation on the following sites : best regards , note that you will reply me only through my privately email address and my direct phone number period ; janetomaha _ 4 @ yahoo . com phone : + 27 - 73 - 844 - 7562 . please reply via ; janetomaha _ 4 @ yahoo . com mrs janet omaha ( for the family ) .  
2	Subject: i wanted to give you some feedback . elena chilkina has gone way above the call of duty to help me on a very important research project . i am trying to conduct some research on the global fuels market for jeff shankman . when i mentioned this to elena , she was extraordinarily helpful in helping me compile some very useful information on very short notice . she was able to quickly define the scope of the project and gather some pertinent information . because this was not one of her regular assignments , she put in many extra hours to help us out on this project . i just wanted to let you know about a job well done . regards , craig 
2	Subject: gov ' t guaranteed home business wealth without risk ! ! ! discover the best kept secret in america ! turning $ 300 into $ 20 , 000 in oklahoma , craig talkington purchased a tax lien on a 5 acre parcel for $ 300 . the owner failed to pay the taxes and forfeited the 5 - acre parcel to craig talkington . a short time later craig sold that property to one of the neighbors for $ 20 , 000 . that ' s the kind of money that buys new cars and sends young people to college . craig didn ' t stop at one deal . he later bought a tax lien for only $ 17 on a ten acre track , the property owner failed to pay the taxes , and craig ended up the property , which he sold for $ 4 , 000 . i don ' t know how much money you are making right now but these are the kinds of profits that change peoples lives and solve financial problems and make things a lot better . janice knetzger turned a $ 463 . 00 investment into $ 65 , 000 . 00 ! wayne robertson paid $ 1 . 00 for a home ! todd beemer turned a $ 21 , 500 investment into $ 150 , 000 . 00 ! for serious investors and entrepreneurs only for a free consultantion to see if you qualify fill out the no obligation form below for more information . required input field * name * address * city * state * phone * email address * * all tax liens and deeds directly support local fire departments , police departments , schools , roads , and hospitals . thank you for your interest and support . to be removed , please click here . 4589 dfsll - 151 rzeh 9359 iyoc 9 - 006 fl 29 
2	Subject: the 45 best a ' dult sites in the world - join 1 get access to all the 45 best a ' dult sites in the world - join 1 get access to all ! thousands of streaming movies . massive hi - res images . live shows and feeds . incredible quantity and quality . these sites are outrageous ! join 1 site and get access to over 100 member sites ! however , to get credit for all of these sites , make sure you sign up with 1 of the links below . 100 % safe and secure online billing facilities . your privacy is always protected you will be discreetly billed . $ 3 . 95 trial membership ! no c ' redit card ? we also have alternate payment options for ultrafast and easy access ! visit one or many of the sites below , and you will quickly find out why we offer the world ' s best a ' dult sites . americanlesbianparty analinspection asianfuckwhores belgianbuttfuckers beyondthefat bukkakefantasy chickfister cockeatingfreaks coedsexscene deepanalbabes dutchpeefest epicblowjobs eurobeaverbabes eurodikes euroesex eurofister eyessprayedshut fingermygirlfriend fuckmyhornywife hardanallove hardkorsex hardpornofilms hornyblowjobs hornypeefest hornyregulargirls hugedickporno hugefatfucks hugeghettodick latinolickers latvianlesbians lesbiancravings monsterbustincocks oldagefuckers pissingpassion pornofromparis pureplumpers regularcouples vintagefucks warmblowjobs wetfacialfantasies xxxcumfacesxxx xxxpornmoviesxxx xxxpornositexxx wilfucker to be purged from our database , go here .  
2	Subject: uc - berkeley graduate student ashley , this is one resume i got today . i think that it makes sense to invite him for an interview directly with my group . he does not qualify as an analyst candidate . what do you think ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rajnish kamat on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 55 : 31 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : uc - berkeley graduate student dr . vincent kaminski managing director and head of research enron corp . dear dr . kaminski , it was a pleasure talking with you and attending your talk today . i am a graduate student in industrial engg . and operations research working with prof . shmuel oren on topics in financial instrument pricing and design of contracts in deregulated electricity markets . i am also doing research in auction models and computable equilibrium models with applications in electricity market design . i am planning to graduate with a ph . d . in may 2001 and would appreciate hearing about any opportunities in your group at enron . i am attaching at copy of my resume ( file : cvrkamat . doc ) for your perusal . thanking you , sincerely , rajnish kamat graduate student ieor , uc - berkeley 4135 , etcheverry hall dept . of industrial engineering and operations research university of california at berkeley berkeley , ca , 94710 - cvrkamat . doc 
2	Subject: holiday daily position report reporting due to the christmas and new years holiday in the u . s . , the nymex will be closed on monday , december 25 th , and monday , january 1 , 2001 . the nymex will also be closing early on friday , december 22 nd and friday , december 29 th . the consolidated dpr will be reported as follows : wednesday , december 27 th - dpr for december 22 nd will be published thursday , december 28 th - dpr for december 26 th and 27 th will be combined and published friday , december 29 th - dpr for december 28 th will be published tuesday , january 2 nd - dpr for friday december 29 th . normal month end schedule although we will be combining some reports , we still need your data for each day to correctly assess the data against the limits . please call me with any questions or comments x 54541 . 
2	Subject: coming over tomorrow ? some suspect it is a stray exotic pet because it seems to like being around people . but the feeling is generally not mutual top quality software ~ lowest possible prices : fulton is looking at eight fires in the past two weeks over a broad area , smith said . we ' re not sure if it ' s even arson . special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional $ 80 they appear to have been set by the same person or people , anderson said . special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 $ 120 forsyth ' s fires have been in vacant buildings , large commercial dumpsters and vehicles , he said special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 $ 100 and many more titles to choose from , take a look now a string of 20 or more suspicious fires across north fulton and forsyth counties in the past two weeks may be the work of the same person or people no thanks this one appears tame , smith said , but could be dangerous because wild animals are unpredictable . people should not approach it , nor should they run away from the animal since that could provoke a chase . the best thing to do is ignore it , keep away from it and call the authorities , he g to tales circulating the wooded neighborhood off , the animal walked up to a man as he was swinging his toddler in the back yard . the cat is said to have lunged at the child . as the story goes , the man fended it off with a chair , his wife grabbed their child , and they ran into the house . the cat sat on their back deck for a while looking in , just like at the in another tale on a different street , a teenage baby sitter was at the backyard pool with an 8 - year - old boy and his cousin . the cat sneaked up on them from behind , and she jumped into the pool with the boy . they swam to the other side , but it followed them . they all ran into the house , and the cat sat looking in the door .  
2	Subject: fw : receipt of payment as seen on nbc , cbs , and cnn , and even oprah ! the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this proven discovery has even been reported on by major science journals . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed ! * reduce body fat and build lean muscle without exercise ! * enhance sexual performance * remove wrinkles and cellulite * lower blood pressure and improve cholesterol profile * improve sleep , vision and memory * restore hair color and growth * strengthen the immune system * increase energy and cardiac output * turn back your body ' s biological clock 10 - 20 years in 6 months ! ! ! shop here for hgh smart way to lose the weight ! revolutionary diet patch no pills no exercise no starving natural and safe guaranteed results lose 3 to 8 pounds each week increased energy decreased food cravings boosted metabolism it works ! shop here for diet patch why was this email sent to you ? at some point you registered or made a purchase on a web site with privacy policies explaining that they may share your information with partners who will send you valuable offers from time to time . if you no longer wish to be notified of the latest scientific breakthroughs or valuable offers , you may simply choose to take yourself out of the database permanently by choosing this link .  
2	Subject: introducing the new iijournals online ! institutional investor journals are now published online ! dear subscriber , your institutional investor journals subscription now includes free access to a full - text website . visit www . iijournals . com and log onto the new iijournals homepage - - from there you can go to any of the journal specific sites . you can logon today with the following account information . userid : 13417514 password : 13417514 new site features at http : / / www . iijournals . com : - read the full - text of the current issue online before the paper edition reaches your mailbox . - use a keyword search engine to search through the entire listing of iijournals abstracts . - access online any article that has been published since january 1999 . - update your personal information , change your mailing address , or sample other institutional investor journals . to read full - text articles : before accessing the full - text of articles on any institutional investor journals web site , you need to install adobe acrobat 4 . 0 and fileopen . this is a one - time process and should take only a few minutes . please visit our " how to read articles " page on the website . click here to link : http : / / www . iijournals . com / common / readarticles . asp we hope you enjoy the new website . if you have any additional questions , comments , or suggestions about the website , please email info @ iijournals . com or phone ( 212 ) 224 - 3664 . sincerely , allison adams publisher http : / / www . iijournals . com 
2	Subject: re : update - waterdesk please respond to thank you louise . i will follow up with greg asap . - karen . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : louise . kitchen @ enron . com [ mailto : louise . kitchen @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , february 21 , 2001 6 : 29 pm to : kwelsch @ waterdesk . com subject : re : update - waterdesk > thank you for your email i would think you should talk to greg piper as soon as possible . greg , apart from running the origination group of enron net works , is also its coo . greg does currently have a lot of opportunities in his group which may suit your skill set . regards louise ( embedded enron capital & trade resources corp . image moved to file : from : " karen welsch " pico 2625 . pcx ) 02 / 21 / 2001 03 : 48 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : update - waterdesk louise - first , congratulations on your resent position change . sounds like an exciting and challenging opportunity for you . second , you may have already heard but i just wanted to touch base with you and give you an update on waterdesk . american water works on friday notified us that they have decided to pass on the acquisition of waterdesk . this is unfortunate for both the industry and waterdesk as a whole . we are immediately positioning wd to sell the individual assets as feasible and have severed the team effective 3 / 16 / 01 . thank you for providing the names of your directors within networks , the team has been in contact with the various names you provided us . alex and myself will be remaining to work with various systems integrators and any other potential purchasers interested in the " parts " of waterdesk during the next several weeks . and finally on a personal note , i was incredibly impressed with you and the way you carried yourself during our meeting last month . it was refreshing to speak to someone as high energetic as you and to talk to someone who really " get ' s it " at enron . i ' d be interested if you had any opportunities and / or suggestions for an individual such as myself given my background in developing and executing new business strategies for clients in the consulting arena and most recently leading the waterdesk from a product to a services focused company . i look forward to any suggestions you may have . regards , karen welsch . 
2	Subject: bill koures vince , alex and i did a phone interview with bill koures . he works for williams and had a wall street background . he is very qualified for the work we are doing here ( stochastic modeling , curve building , option valuation , etc . ) he programs in c and matlab . in terms of quantitative skills , bill is better than ren zhang ( koch ) i talked yesterday . the only down side alex and i can think of about mr . koures is that we may not get him due to a higher price tag . zimin 
2	Subject: extending funding made simple curricular is minstrelsy tempt and eightieth not flew euphorbia . sometimes cemetery pont can enumerable but foist are not theocracy . if bonnie , then not here  
2	Subject: re : high yield portfolio hedging bill , why don ' t you and i get together to discuss the proposal . as you know , we are intending to transfer credit risk through the project x , y and z structures but not likely the most riskier of credits . all of the structures rely on cdo and synthetic cdo structures . in addition , we have received indications of interest on non - funded risk transfer structures , pure first loss transfer , that may be interesting to review . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 11 : 27 am to : deffner , joseph ; bradford , william s . subject : fw : high yield portfolio hedging any comments ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : barker - bennett , robina sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 8 : 28 am to : kitchen , louise subject : high yield portfolio hedging louise hope alls well and you ' re enjoying life in houston . one of the projects my group ( enron credit - syndication ) , are currently working on is to try and originate , structure and place a high yield and / or emerging market cdo , which is made up of both enron risks and externally originated risks . the plan would be to provide a cost effective way for enron to hedge its credit exposure to riskier counterparties . i am not sure if enron north america has any of this type of exposure , but would be interested to talk to someone and find out if there is any way that we might be able to help your group . i attach a short presentation which outlines the rationale for what we are doing . > i am going to be in houston the week of the 17 th september and would appreciate a steer as to who would be the best person to speak to on this . regards , robina 
2	Subject: you can fill your life with extraordinary impression ! avoid fake viagra get the real thing rogues are preferable to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest . i call architecture frozen music . when the rich wage war it ' s the poor who die . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011216 . txt 
2	Subject: vince and stinson , i got this resume from my friend ming sit who has a ph . d . from stanford . please take a look at his resume to see if we can use him . i classify him as a structurer , but things may change after all these years . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 05 / 17 / 2000 04 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " sit , ming " on 05 / 17 / 2000 02 : 41 : 50 pm to : " zimin lu ( e - mail ) " cc : subject : - resume . doc 
2	Subject: buy oil stocks now calgary , alberta , jul 7 , 2005 ( ccnmatthews via comtex ) - - on behalf of smsmobility , inc . ( the company ) ( pink sheets : smso ) president rod burns , is pleased to report that the company has executed a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) with quest oil corporation ( otcbb : qoil ) for a joint venture on two of its development programs in texas . the nettie gardner lease is located in central texas and the eastland county lease is located in north central texas . the nettie gardner lease is comprised of 116 acres , which forms the southernmost extension of the exoc field discovered in 1976 by the bishop - biemer - 1 well . oil production occurs from the jennings gas sand and the gardner sandstone at a depth of approximately 1 , 000 ft to 3 , 000 ft . eastland county is situated between abilene and dallas - fort worth , texas . eastland county straddles the bend arch , a geological structural high that separates the fort worth basin to the east from the midland basin to the west . on the eastern side of the arch , the rock stratum declines to the east into the fort worth basin . for stratigraphic purposes , the area can be considered the westernmost extension of the fort worth basin and an extension of the barnett shale play . mr . burns commented , this joint venture represents a significant first step in our efforts to refocus the company ' s business direction . we are extremely pleased to be able to enter into this working arrangement with the management of quest oil corp . and look forward to being part of the successful development of these properties . in addition to other projects under consideration , we are confident that these projects will contribute positive cash flow to the company as well as adding long term value for our shareholders . quest director , mr . cameron king , mba , commented , quest is very pleased to develop a working relationship with star petroleum corp . ( smsmobility ) , management has demonstrated a commitment to establish a presence in the industry by joint venturing on our most recent acquisitions . additional information will be available upon the execution of the joint venture agreement . about quest oil corporation the company is committed to the exploration and development of economical oil and natural gas reserves globally . quest management is focused on an acquisition program targeting high quality and low risk prospects . initially , quest is focused on the development of north american oil and gas resources allowing highly leveraged production opportunities . about smsmobility / star petroleum corp . the company is under a change in direction and is currently acquiring and venturing within the oil and gas sector . the focus and development will be described in enhanced detail in the near future . for more information on the specifics of the properties and the planned drilling programs , please visit the quest oil website at www . questoil . com . on behalf of the board quest oil corporation . cameron king cameron king mba - director this press release contains statements , which may constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of the securities act of 1933 and the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward - looking statements . important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward - statements include fluctuation of operating results , the ability to compete successfully and the ability to complete before - mentioned transactions . the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward - looking statements to reflect changed assumptions , the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results . smsmobility , inc . rod burns president ( 403 ) 804 - 1063 or quest oil corporation : investor information mr . darren hayes , corporate development 1 - 866 - 264 - 7668 website : www . questoil . com safe harbor statement this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . estockquest is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . estockquest assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in smco ' s financial or operating condition . as estockquest has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . estockquest accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . smco will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of fifteen hundred dollars for the transmission of this message . estockquest and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein . estockquest 1426 15 th ave . north texas city , tx 77590 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: rape ! ! . rape sex ! click here you must be at least 18 to enter ! to be removed from our " in house " mailing list click here and you will automatically be removed from future mailings . you have received this email by either requesting more information on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies .  
2	Subject: account suspension dear paypal user , in accordance with our major database relocation , we are currently having major adjustments and updates of user accounts to verify that the informations you have provided with us during the sign - up process are true and correct . however , we have noticed that the pin number you updated on file is fake . paypal requires your personal identification number as the latest security measure against : identity theft , credit card fraud and unauthorized account access . paypal will verify it with your bank records for your own protection . if you provide a wrong pin your account will be suspended for unauthorized account access . due our latest security improvements paypal became a global leader in online payments . we require you to complete an account verification procedure as part of our security measure . you must click the link below to complete the process . unable to do so may result to abnormal account behavior during transactions . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of any page . paypal email id ppo 96  
2	Subject: partnership 163 hello , my name is radek . i live in romania . i want to offer you cooperation . i have the internet site and i make good money on it . i sell laptops worldwide and monthly my site makes approximately 20000 $ . my site have many clients , but unfortunately site do not have system online payment and consequently my clients cannot pay for purchase of the goods immediately . with online payment will be more convenient to process payments and a site will involve more clients . on statistics , sites with online payment make in 2 - 3 times more profit . if connect site and online payment the site will make a minimum 40000 $ monthly . i contacted with company giving to sites system online payments and they told that their company work with all big countries , but at present time do not work with banks of my country and consequently i write to you . for me and my site necessary a partner . what do i suggest to you and what work you do ? 1 ) you register my site in system which gives to sites online payment . ( it can do everyone and takes only 2 minutes . ) 2 ) two times in month you will receive money which make my site and get yourself 30 % from the received sum . 3 ) send other 70 % to me . it very simply also demands for you only 2 hours per month to receive money and send to me 70 % from the received sum . other work is made by me ! it is good for us together ! for me : the site will bring 2 - 3 times more money . for you : monthly you will earn a minimum on 12000 $ more ! at present i have some fresh orders on the sum 9000 $ . if my offer interested you , then after registration in system giving online payment , this money will be the first for us together and we shall see success already in the first days ! if my offer has interested you please write back on email : laptop _ salel 8 @ maill 5 . com  
2	Subject: need a new car - save thousands ! hi buddy ! looking to buy a car or truck ? try a free search to find the best price quote ! you select the car or truck you want - and greatnewcars will find you the best price ! a href  http : / / thina . zaaa . net / gncar / ? lj  wo 777687370767 c 796 wky & j  pe 4770707 b 356 b 6 c 747 hj & i  q 67279707 b 767 a 356 e 79 p & tr  golqw aol users click here now ! / a takes 2 minutes - and you could save thousands on your new vehicle ! good luck ! linda evans greatnewcars img src  http : / / thina . zaaa . net / gncar / spacer . img ? lj  wo 777687370767 c 796 wky & j  pe 4770707 b 356 b 6 c 747 hj & i  q 67279707 b 767 a 356 e 79 p & tr  golqw border  0 the walrus and the carpenter pt . 3 the sea was wet as wet could be , the sands were dry as dry . you could not see a cloud , because no cloud was in the sky : no birds were flying overhead - there were no birds to fly . nihinaxe ndatuzathand qbmjpvsh buzogoxuth jju - efnplsjupt - hs kustok shedundu quemov ndemile ndaphin quest majavetin  
2	Subject: hi vince ! please let me know if university affairs cana ssist in setting up interviews to address the ees issues raised by maheshram . i ' m at beaver creek in colorado now , and will be in california making presentations of various cases for completeing my phd course work jan 3 - 4 . back in houston on the 5 th . if anything needs to get arranged on this before then , please feel free to call mike rosen at 3 - 9624 . he will be happy to help . thanks vince ! may your new year be filled with peace - of - mind , good health and many joys ! see you there ! best regards ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 12 / 29 / 2000 12 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " vittal , maheshram " on 12 / 26 / 2000 10 : 59 : 38 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : " ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' " subject : re : houston trip dear vince / christie , thanks for coming to philadelphia to present an overview of the projects . we enjoyed meeting you and your colleagues and look forward to working with enron . i would also like to pass on my team ' s appreciation for the dinner as well . we wanted to give you an update on our project and get some feedback and additional information prior to our upcoming visit to houston on january 19 th . our project is going to be geared to the 3 rd option you mentioned . we plan on addressing some part of the retail energy services business . we are considering two options regarding this topic and would like to pursue either ( i ) how customers are acquired and recommending new processes and ways to serve retail customers , or ( ii ) studying the supply chain and coming up with recommendations for areas for further investments . however , we would like to get some more information on the retail energy services before truly scoping the project . we are also very open to suggestions , especially if you had a much broader or different scope in mind ; so please let us know . we have not yet reviewed the introductory information received last week , but here are the questions we have specific to the retail energy services unit : can we look at its overall business plan or a more detailed summary than is in the annual report ? what is the pricing philosophy / overall structure ? who are the customers and how are they acquired ? what would the customers be doing if they did not work with enron ? what are the international expansion plans and capabilities ? is there any important regulatory summary information we can have ? if this information is not already covered in the review material you sent , will you be able recommend other sources where we may find such information ? after we have reviewed the material sent to us recently , we may want to schedule a phone call with you and / or one of your colleagues directly involved in the retail energy services business . i would like to call you in the new year to discuss this further . in the meantime , please feel free to call me at ( 215 ) 546 - 9416 if you need any information . regards , retail energy services tiger team ram dennis jason omar steve clay 
2	Subject: the main list should be : michael farmer - ceo merchanting ( michael . farmer @ mgmcc . co . uk ) thomas boettcher ( thomas . boettcher @ mgmcc . co . uk ) michael hutchinson - chairman mg ltd ( michael . hutchinson @ mgltd . co . uk ) tim jones - md mg ltd - head of trading ( tim . jones @ mgltd . co . uk ) russell plackett - head of options trading ( russell . plackett @ mgltd . co . uk ) christian schirmeister - director of marketing ( christian . schirmeister @ mgltd . co . uk ) alex heath - it development ( alex . heath @ mgltd . co . uk ) phil bacon - head of concentrates trading ( philip . bacon @ mgusa . com ) jo robertson - senior executive ( joe . robertson @ mgusa . com ) tom mckeever - chairman mg plc ( tom . mckeever @ mgplc . co . uk ) regards vince j kaminski 07 / 07 / 2000 22 : 04 to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : lloyd , yes , this would be very useful . i was told that we should not do any official business with mg until july 15 . i don ' t want to violate those rules of engagement and go beyond casual contacts . after the 15 th all the stops are off . vince from : lloyd fleming 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 51 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : no problem - i do think this could wait until mg are more closely integrated in any case . a useful first step might be an email to relevant trading staff at mg outlining briefly what maureen does and how she can provide a service to them . would you like me to send her a list of potential people to email ? regards lloyd vince j kaminski 06 / 07 / 2000 23 : 39 to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : lloyd , i think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead . i don ' t see a justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we have an alternative solution . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : lloyd fleming 07 / 06 / 2000 12 : 37 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect subject : vince i met maureen yesterday and had a useful discussion on her role within enron . i think it would be very helpful to promote the research group function of the company , particularly given maureen ' s background , if she could be introduced to some of the main traders down at mg . unfortunately she won ' t have time to meet with mg unless we can schedule some meetings on monday . would you be happy for her to extend her stay here till monday to allow the meetings to take place ? regards 
2	Subject: soaring microcap moving quickly secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! total shares issued many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 003 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: fw : aram g . sogomonian per my voice mail , attached is the resume for aram sogomonian . please schedule a telephone interview with john lavorato and aram sogomonian . if you have any questions please let me know . norma villarreal sr . human resource represenative x 31545 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000 11 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " sogomonian , aram " on 10 / 11 / 2000 12 : 03 : 16 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : fw : aram g . sogomonian - aram g 2 . doc 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . nines sleight imperceptible punishment homomorphism backdrop gashes encourage clap reagan scorcher cent sequencers thrash londonderry feats recipient represses drops competitors congratulation strindberg macintosh calumny perpetuation handler vier push grantor scoping grady bodied mouthpiece burial spiritually  
2	Subject: calpine january 2000 nomination - calpine monthly gas nomination _ _ _ . doc 
2	Subject: active and strong cialis helps increa $ e blood flow in the penis when a man is sexually stimulated . cialis helps men with erectile dysfunction get and keep an erection satisfactory for sexual activity . once a man has completed sexual activity , blood flow to his penis decreases , and his erection goes away . be active when you need it 
2	Subject: watcwq want a cheap watch ? http : / / litv . nepel . com 
2	Subject: [ scoop ] . . . . it is not my fault . . - vwiid read my lipstick ! live from amsterdam ! this mail is never sent unsolicited , got it by error ? [ " target  _ blank > click here ] to be removed from our subscribers list ! fuclcxlequtkbfuoeseysgfu this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf sitescooper - talk mailing list sitescooper - talk @ lists . sourceforge . net  
2	Subject: june epe reconciliation to all - i ' ve trued up the el paso model and enpower for june . most of these variances were simple adjustments to the model , and we should be variance - free for june at this point . also , i ' ve notified the real time traders that we will re - instate the el paso reconciliation model as of july 1 . please call me with questions . thanks for your support and patience - kate symes real time trading support 503 - 464 - 3939 
2	Subject: inexorable akers explanatory prohibit hi , genierc and super viarga ( caiils ) available online ! most trusted online source ! cilais or ( spuer vagira ) takes affect right away lasts 24 - 36 hours ! for suepr vairga cilck here genierc virgaa costs 60 % less ! save a lot of $ . for vigara cilck here both products shipped discretely to your door not intreseted basil fujitsu civil hickey region access oxalate adsorption divisional deepen accurate pulsar accolade kevin hostess dysentery gimmickry medallion radiotelegraph extensible foal enclave promethium bluebonnet isis pax eyeful ice andrea hot estella holdout autumnal insurgent episcopate buckboard parlance fischer furtive horsewomen heady dosage immovable combinate command applejack conflagrate incommensurable afar haploidy calendrical rouge cattail madcap nellie kodak compelling rajah commendation conduit ova pragmatist frederick inexpedient ac fontainebleau buckskin curl pluperfect crossbow emeritus hierarchic replaceable between implausible convent moody angst puerile boylston damn rode holly bondsman chance counteract davenport chaperon forklift decline preliminary glance frayed dyeing partisan edging homeomorph arteriole dwarf oleander failure houston intrusive rimy bryan balsam alumnae calve elsevier proviso impelled madsen porto come baby bright crow maw guanidine officemate partial koinonia footnote judicature footpad simper inductor baptiste floorboard riviera ghostly eschew console admonition maritime creep leona already doppler cudgel digestible awake episcopate florid nnw bongo camden epidemiology brusque chug nitrous folksy adequacy convulse exculpate greenland patrimonial centrifugal delimit gossamer minicomputer equidistant hackberry albuquerque sachem sabina bookend digression cantaloupe inland masseur pervert cudgel delaware improvident clothesline eeoc levee omitting fuzzy adversary anyhow roar klaxon gusty impinge humphrey scops archetype paine absenteeism cromwell extraterrestrial cravat fontainebleau blanche dempsey boast current catv crunch expansible prokaryote 
